About to board flight to LA watching a Muslim dude praying to Allah. Soooo, how long would it take me to walk to LA from NY? Just askin!
If you replace the word "Susan" with the word "Diarrhea," the old sitcom would've been named "Suddenly Diarrhea."
My secret plan to grow a really long beard, kill one of the guys in ZZ Top, then replace him without anybody noticing is not going well.
Woman at Trader Joe's kept calling her kid "Cookie Monster." Kind of a slap-in-the-face to the real Cookie Monster--my close friend.
@K------- YOU'RE A HACKER, A BAD WIFE AND YOUR NATURAL HAIR COLOUR IS GINGER. There's not enough dye in the world to rinse away the lie.
Mum. Have nicked online socialising site from Harvard nerds. Could be worth a bundle and help me poke friends. Send condoms.
U r a load of my mums crap!
Any one of children by themselves reminds me why I wanted kids. All of them together make me realize why some animals eat their young.
I wonder if leprechauns think that tall people are magical...
I wish some1 would invent a pillow that has soap, deodorant, eggs, bacon, juice, my clothes & where I'm suppose to be already in it.
An old lady just made me "bet my bippy on it". I hope I win because I don't know what my bippy is or how it's been wagered.
My cat got trapped under the house tonight and had to be heroically retrieved. This is not a miner joke. Actually happened.
all that glitters is not gold, but it probably touched a stripper recently.
It's weird that CNN keeps playing Pink's "I'm coming up so you better get this party started" during the Chilean Miner Rescue
Hitler should've worn a soulpatch instead of that little mustache, because the soulpatch is as horrible as he was.
I'll stop the world & melt with you BECAUSE I'M A SUICIDALLY JEALOUS ALIEN GOD.
I was walking down by the beach today, and some really hot babes passed me. As they walked by, I tried looking more buff by flexing my 'mustles'. As they walked away, I heard one of them say, "OMG, he looks just like Justin Bieber!" I'm 27.
Jack and Jill went up the hill to smoke some marajuana, Jack got high and dropped his fly and said, do you wanna? Jill said yes and dropped her dress and they had a lot of fun. But Jill forgot to take her pill, so now they have a son!
TSA chick at this airport just talked through my entire patdown and totally ruined the mood. Just let it happen, lady.
"Justin Bieber wishes he could go back to having a 'normal' life." He said so as he wiped his tears with $100 bills.
"Good news, I'm over my fear of s******* in front of people now!" #MinersFirstWords
We're officially 24 hrs from someone telling a Santiago nightclub bouncer, "yeah, the thing is, I'm one of the miners."
Tried changing my Facebook status to “craving gumbo” but Facebook automatically changed it to “BOYCOTT THE FACEBOOK MOVIE. IT’S ALL LIES!”
So sad to see all those Chilean miners coming out in their sunglasses. Already, they've totally gone Hollywood.
Tell #28 I'm still gonna kick his ass for stealing my cracker.~Chilean miner
...evidently Chilean miner #27 is Osama Bin Laden, and we thought we'd never find him! ha ha!
New movie ?Red? stars Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, and Helen Mirren. Wow. More wrinkled flesh than Brett Favre's penis
Held up in US immigration. Little do they know I'm singing "God Save The Queen" in my head.
I'm rubber and you're glue, whatever you say bounces off and me and sticks to you. But neither can talk. Touche.
I've been sick for awhile, no one to take care of me. How much would a hooker charge to make me soup and listen to my sick, stuffy whining?
The Chilean Miners have a lot of Brett Favre to catch up on
Today someone asked how I tease my hair so I told him, he replied with so that's how those fluffy bastards do it
Ever notice how the first 20 feet of every Wal-Mart entrance smells like a urinal cake soaking in barf? 
Ever poop and lay skinny turds down at the bottom of the bowl like tighly packed sardines? It's amazing and I send photos to friends.
The octopus lays 40000 eggs. What are they the Morman of the sea?
Ever see a hot chick from far away but then get up close and realize it's Jonah Hill?
The allergist said I was allergic to everything that grows, except my children. Lovely.
I hope on the way to the game tonight Randy Moss makes another "illegal turn" and hits A-Rod & the rest of the Yankees. **Bonus points if he moons Darrelle Revis after his TD**
While driving in Vermont I passed a massage parlor that also offered 'Chinese Facials'. Bukkake maybe?
My brother got a boner when he saw me in my band uniform... I'm a dude
People don't care that possum is smarter than a dog. All they see is a "huge rat"! Master Splinter must know how it hurts... #looksmatter
When is that guy from the Men's Wearhouse commercials gonna clear his throat?
Victoria's Secret now has Halloween costumes. I hope they have an Iron Man for my son.
"Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Gets A PG-13 Rating." Hermione's boobs say, "What's up?"
Lots of dudes at the airport wearing sport coats over t-shirts and mock turtle necks. Did I time travel to 199-douche?
The CEO of Twitter stepped down. Damn you, fail whale! How many men must you destroy before you are satiated?
Dentists just came up with a way to fill cavities using acid. Great news if you're less scared of acid than drills!
I through my hands up in the air some times, saying AYOO, LEGO MY EGGO
I just really pissed off my wife while having sex.... I called her up and told her what I was doing.
What a crazy day! I'm more confused than a blind lesbian in a fish market!
New Taco Bell menu item: The Burrito bomb. A burrito that you bite into and it shoots dozens of mini-taquitos all over your car.
If you're ever fired, BE GRACEFUL. Make & hold eye contact with your boss, then messily s*** your pants & start a large fire.
The White House is proposing a way to spy on suspects while they're online. The plan is called "Signing them up for Facebook."
And I can't believe a student is on twitter.... RT @****: In a lecture with @****! Can't believe my prof has twitter! 
Just decided that clothes are uncomfortable and a waste of time. I wish we could go back to Adam and eves time where clothes were stupid!!!!
The Mercedes commercial where she says, "I was driving in Northern California blah blah" I get it lady! You're better than me! Screw off.
The bathroom in the airplane smelled exactly like mini white powdered donuts. #doihaveabraintumor
Everyone in the terminal was clapping for me after I got off the plane! I bet those military guys behind me were jealous
I know how to take down the Taliban. Bedbugs.
Would you rather be a ginormous hampster or a tiny rhinosorous??
For all the haters one day hoping my ball sac sags too low, I have two words for you "Ball Tuck" bitches, this sac will always be plush!
This controversy w/Katy Perry's cleavage on Sesame Street makes me think that my sex tape w/cookie monster may be worth a fortune.
I have friend whose nose whistles with every inhale and exhale. How is he doing that? Does he have tiny flutes in each nostril?
Tagline for fictional movie in which salamanders take over the world: ?Get ready for a lizard blizzard.?
I'm guessing Morgan Freeman is trending because production just started on SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION 2: BACK BEHIND BARS. #S***Sequels
 I want to see 'Eat.Pray.Love"... but I'm not at all hungry, I'm an athiest,and I hate my ex.
In retrospect, it's hard to believe you could just say Ayyyyyy, bang your fist on a bank, and get money. Oh well. Fell for a Fonzy scheme.
I don't know when saying something is "the bomb" switched to just being "bomb" but either way, you sound ridiculous.
Michael Vick's hurt? I hope it's not his hold-a-dog-underwater-til-it's-dead muscle.
I just made a magnet out of some sausage and a magnet!
One man's trash is another man's wizard hat.
Something may be wrong when your takin a dump and it feels like a lobster is comin out
Life is like a box of chocolates, sooner or later your gonna be eaten...
I'm so bored, so I'm going to buy a packet of skittles and throw them at people and say "TASTE THE F****** RAINBOW!!"
Argueing on fb is like running in the speacial olimpics, even if u win ur still RETARDED!!!!!!
12 yr old son now havin the "talks" w me. He says (re a girl)- dad, it was her birthday & she hugged me. She has boobs. It felt like clouds
I wish my wife was a muscular gay dude so I could throw a chair at her when she pisses me off.
The way a person pronounces 'hummus' pretty much tells me everything I need to know about them.
Help me settle a bet: In Lars von Trier's "Antichrist", does the fox say "Chaos Reigns" or "Pizza Rules"?
I will see Jar Jar Binks in 3D the same day I affix my penis to a moving bus with a nail gun.
I still have the old Twitter. This is like when all my friends had their Cabbage Patch Kids and I was still "waiting for mine to be born."
Unleess you and your kids are actually locked up in an insane asylum, stop writing that your “life w kids is sooo crazy!” on fb everyday.
UK tabloids published pix of Lindsay Lohan w a syringe. U know yr life isn’t going well when ppl think, “Oh, god, I hope she has diabetes.”
Hands down Ben Affleck has the nicest teeth in the bank robbery business. #thetown
If Ben Affleck were robbing my bank, i'd think "look at the jawline on that guy." #thetown
Today I had a front row seat to a child being brought into this world. Next time I'll settle for the nosebleed section.
When your fat friend looks in the mirror and says "ugh I'm so fat!" would disagreeing be too obvious of a lie?
I spent a lot of time in California this summer, and the only girl I saw in Daisy Dukes with a bikini on top was Katy Perry. #TrueFact
So hard to pick up models in sweden now. Thanks Tiger.
New plan: Interfaith service where we burn copies of "Kardashian Konfidential."
Today my brother poked me in the belly at school
I want to be one of those Asian guys that can climb walls like spiderman.
I really appreciate when an old lady's perfume is subtle and not nose-rapey.
Just pushed a Sears mannequin I filled with hamburger & grape jelly off the roof of the Culver City Library. A cop fainted.
A childhood friend had a black toilet in his house. I always felt like a wizard putting a horrible ingredient in a cauldron.
Lost a twenty dollar bet on the Raiders. I was sure the Tusken Raiders were in all 3 “Star Wars” prequels.
An e-mail virus caused millions of damage to companies around the world today. Time for some payback - let's all punch a nerd in the face.
Super Mario is 25 years old today! Happy quarter century pixel dick.
Dear Pope I'm not sure I understand your doctrine. Please send me an outline of the basics. And condoms.
I wanna grow a full beard and then shave just a small patch above my upper lip: the Anti-Hitler.
Today I wore pants for a change. Horray!
I put a baby seat in the back of my car because if I find a runaway baby that wants a cool, older brother/best friend, he will need a seat.
Writing a break up poem to give someone. Need a line that rhymes with 'you forgot to mention your trans-gender operation'
A place called "Asian Massage" seems fine but for some reason seeing it add the quantifier "ALL Asian Massage" sounds handjobby. #florida
I’m tired of cable news. It’s like watching 4 year olds play soccer.
My mom just cut up a Chipotle burrito and put a tiny slice on a plate for me. I'm shocked she didn't eat it, spit it out, then chew it first.
I think Disney should open a chain of drive-thru abortion clinics called "Zippa-dee-doo-dah."
Ben Aflleck, you are no longer the retarded one. Nice job.
Except for guy setting timer+telling me to "grab whatever you can in 3 minutes," I didn't get special treatment at the Apple Store.
I'm at einsteins bagels in Atlanta. E=MCSchmeared? :0
back+pain=catch 22..no drugs=can't sleep, drugs=can't remember my own name ..no good for stand-up, Good evening, I'm..er...
went to an apple store in town to buy apples and they told me they didn't sell apples. "Seriously, what kind of apple store doesn't sell apples?"
If your parents never had children. Chances are you won't either
Dear Master Card, Those "priceless" commercials make me want to cut up my master card. Please stop.
Why does my 4-year-old son only want to tell me a secret when I'm wearing a white shirt and he's eating chocolate?
Picture baby horses frolicking in the grass. Picture them falling into a pond of acid. Now wake up.
If I attack a loud, obnoxious neighbor, will cops buy that "we started a fight club and he backed out at the last minute"?
"Jersey Shore Star Snooki Is America's Accidental Sweetheart." Excuse me while I accidentally punch America.
"hey guy sitting beside me with the hairy chest and the low cut v-neck, that looks really good." - nobody.
Want to wear white pants but it's after labor day. Maybe wear assless chaps instead.
Hey Parents! Disney's new assembly line Tinkerbell movie, "Tinkerbell and the Great Fairy Rescue" is out! Try not to kill yourself! Ha ha!
It was so foggy in L.A. this morning, I accidentally kissed Matthew Perry on the street. Accidentally.
I'm in maxim magazine beating up bigfoot this month (anna kournikova on the cover - she's cool. and hot. i can vouch for that).
Saw some kids coloring, I told them stop wasting their time, they're never going 2 need that in the real world, then I gave baby crack pipes
Next to each piece of the Vatican's art should be a #that = the #of dying children it could feed if sold. #eatart
I've decided 2 make it a fair fight in fantasy fb 2day against u. My team will not wear helmets or shoulder pads. #JKLFL
Every time you fart as you're walking through first class getting on a plane, Jesus high-fives your grandmother.
Whenever I find out someone has a waterbed I always think, “That’s probably not the only thing you have”.
They should merge Vegas shows. Then we could have the Blouie Manderson Group.
Mum. Trying to make Julia Roberts happy through food, prayer and love before realising it comes from within. PS. Send condoms.
Ugh I hate airports. The men's bathroom here doesn't have any urninals! Just a bunch of women screaming. Lame.
By now, at least one coked-out weirdo has been arrested while wearing nothing but a bluetooth.
You can get anything at Costco! But the specialty of the house is diabetes.
What comes first being able to Bench 450 pounds or getting a Chiuaua because they seem to go hand and hand
Thanks everyone for pointing out that I spelled "butterflies" wrong in my last tweet. You are saving the Internet with every annoying post!
Breaking News: A plane carrying 5 million facebook fans was found missing. So this was the reason I had to shut down my comp for having no frens to chat online.
Dear twilight lovers, Edward is waiting for you in the forest. Go find him. Now. Just leave. Don't bring food or water.
The weather was great today then a fridge appeared and ate us.
"After eating here, my son failed an algebra test. One star." #UnfairReviews
Edward isn't a vampire. He lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles. He's obviously a fairy. 
I just met a guy fresh out of rehab and asked him if he wanted to grab a beer... FAIL
Every time a man exfoliates, he removes a very thin layer of heterosexuality from his face. If he says 'exfoliates' he removes another layer
I just saw a girl in a wheelchair laugh when an old guy tripped.
Must be depressing to be the stock photo model who gets used in a WebMD banner that says "Are You Depressed?"
It's hard to fart in every room in your house at the same time. Well with my new Spiced Ham scented candle, you don't have to!
I'd rather have Dr. J do surgery on me than have Dr. Phil talk me through a personal issue.
Tomorrow is Friday. In Spain, the phrase TGIF would be GADQEV. I’m saying we’re lucky to be Americans.
I live each day like it's my last. Sobbing uncontrollably and hugging random strangers everywhere. Gets awkward but hey, I'm dying tomorrow.
It's a good thing goldfish only have a 3-second memory because I just accidentally touched mine inappropriately while cleaning the tank.
My fella told me I was getting fat! Judging by the EX I thought he liked a fat chick! My bad!!
Hey, plane towing the banner ad, that is FAR too high up for me to click on it.
Wait, if these are my condoms, then what did I do with my one gallon freezer bags?!
When Dry Humping, always wear a button fly. TRUST ME.
Help me settle a bet: In Lars von Trier's "Antichrist", does the fox say "Chaos Reigns" or "Pizza Rules"?
My cat and hamster bite me when they are hungry! Wouldn't it be funny if people would bite each other when they got hungry?
chows down on Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream while watching THE BIGGEST LOSER. I like to pretend the contestants can see me eating.
i heard that if you sneak into the new twilight movie and blast justin bieber, the combination impregnates everyone.
I think I figured out the twist! M Night Shyamalan has been dead since 2003 and that's why all his movies suck.
The FedEx guy couldn't handle my sexiness. He wanted me to sign for my package with his dick.
The name Hogwarts makes me think of a diseased penis.
@Wired magazine says the Web is dead. Well, from beyond the grave, its ghost is stealing a s*** ton of my time.
Must be depressing to be the stock photo model who gets used in a WebMD banner that says "Are You Depressed?"
At what point in my adult life should I stop making sound effects when I grab things off my shelves?
Change is inevitable. Unless you need it to feed the parking meter. Then it's nowhere to be found.
Entourage Episode Idea 1: E can't get cell service, Turtle gets a bad haircut, Drama has an ingrown toe nail, and Vince eats a banana.
Is it normal to pass out on the toilet or is it considered "not cool"? Asking for a friend.
Mia just drank some Sleepytime tea by accident and now she's walking around the house like I roofied her. Reminds me of our 1st meeting!
I still feel like the ATM is being sarcastic when it says, "thank you for allowing us to serve you."
If you can read this, please tweet "brown cheese is the best cheese"
next time i go to an old folks home i better not be a reaper again on halloween.
When a friend who's a little on the heavier side says '"I really enjoy my life", the correct response is not, I repeat, is not "it shows"
If I'm NOT on Oprah's plane to Australia that Travolta is piloting, I'm warning you now: THERE WILL BE M*****F****** SNAKES ON THAT PLANE
Anyone care to tell me 1) Why, when brushing my teeth, I raise my eyebrows AS FAR AS THEY WILL GO & 2) How long has this been going on?
as he has said nothing to disprove this point, i can only assume that my cat ivan is a genius.
As I was swimming with the dolphins this morning in Costa Rica I realized, I am a great man and I do great things. 
 I bet Santa tastes like beer and candy canes.
I live in bakini bottom I have sandy cheeks and I know mr.krabs
A woman asked me "if I were a car what would I be, a sports car? A classic car? Or an exotic." I replied with, "A rental van because you've had every mans tool inside you, you shhhllllaaaagggg!"
When Churchill said "Difficulties mastered are opportunities won", I don't think he had ever tried to "sext" on an iPhone.
I married Miss Right. I didn't know her first name was Always.
On family vacation. 1st rule of family vacation: no relaxing. 2nd rule of family vacation: WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THERE?!
This is a sentence that begins normally then takes an absurd turn you would not otherwise expect when Snakepanties.
When I see other LOST fans, I feel like we're silently telling each other, "We have to go back."
Lately, as I drive by pedestrians in my car, I like to yell out the window, "I'll see you when you get home!". I never could keep a secret.
Shaved vacation beard down to goatee. I look like an elderly gay Viennese psychiatrist circa 1910. Sweet! Just the look I wanted.
Pregnant ladies should join frats because I swear I could drink a gallon of milk in an hour, no problem.
Not sure why I get emails from Bloomingdale's everyday. Maybe it's because I buy Paris Hilton cologne everyday?
How about this compromise: we build a 14-story 9/11 memorial inside the mosque by ground zero?
Day 23 here in Edinburgh. Plague-like symptoms have kicked in. Have also been rendered hairless from the waist down. Mostly good otherwise.
"Intern" is a fancy word for “if you have rich parents, you can work here for free.”
If you visit a city, make sure you buy a T-shirt with that cities name on it so people know you went to that city.
NERDS: How do I disable the shutter-click noise on my phone's camera? This lady on the bus is breastfeeding twins.
911 operators' voices should be electronically "Muppet-ized" to set callers at ease in their time of difficulty.
I'm going to break into the apple store overnight and replace all their macs with pc computers. Just to mess with them.
Do the children of porn stars make tapes of themselves doing Neil Simon plays to get back at their parents?
My mom said that all women are multitaskers while eating an icecream, talking on the phone and driving at the same time.........I'm second guessing my womanhood...
Idea to make bowling more interesting: paint the pins so they very realistically resemble crying children.
@darthvader Awesome! I already have the toaster that cooks your face onto each slice. With this my evil sandwich making tools are complete.
Under every @JustinBieber hairdo is a @RyanSeacrest hairdo trying to come out.
It's a good thing the gulf shrimp aren't tainted -- I'd hate to be forced to eat at the Bubba Gump Slug Company.
"Engagement rings are pointless. Indians gave cows...Oh sorry, congrats on proposing. We good now? Can I finish my indian story?"
Piss off curious geroge.. How about a coherent sentance once in a while?2?! Jerkoff monkey
Surprise for Sheila's 50th ETA 2 min, hope Sheila's not on twitter 
i asked Facebook if i could study...it said no
Dear NY Jets. If a woman reporter comes into your locker room, u must treat her with equality & civility. Or get a job in construction.
Why do they call it a 'Happy Meal' when it turns children into monsters? "Can we go to McDonalds? Can we? Well, after that can we?"
Bad news for that Koran-burning dude in Florida: it's available on Kindle.
BREAKING: Pastor Threatens to Barbeque Lady Gaga's Meat Dress
This Halloween, I'm gonna dress up as the grim reaper, visit the nursing home, and say "See you soon!"
What's really depressing to see in the midst of the summer is when you go to Starbucks, they are already serving the pumpkin spice latte. 
Quote of the Day:"I think; therefore I am"-Rene Descartes. Word of the Day: Existance....look it up & learn
9/11/2001 a day when terrorists wanted to send us a message. 9/11/2010 i unfriended Osama Bin Laden on facebook. WE WON!
dear taxi driver who's eating a large bag of pull n peel twizzlers and listening to ABBA, thank you for existing.
At the Malibu triathlon to cheer on my wife. My triathlon: three vicodin, a Bloody Mary and a sausage Mcmuffin.
Let's all pool our money and get a DC lobbyist to push for Congress to do a full day in pig latin or ubby dubby.
Sarah Silverman smells like soup.
Everyone does a cross-eyed shiver when they piss, right?
Time to hit the reset button on the number of days it's been since I've seen a homeless guy taking a s*** while eating an apple.
Remember before Hummers when you had to talk to a guy to tell if he was an asshole?
Is the general rule, the dirtier the servers are at health food restaurants the better the food is?
i hate everyones balls except for mine
monday morning at work is like getting woken up by someone hitting you in the face with a piece of wet fish
Woke up this morning with my ear folded under my head. It's very sore. That's dangerous. People should be made more aware of folded ear.
Want to feel like a serial killer? Be the only person eating in a Jack-in-the-box
In the zombie apocalypse, if forced to eat human meat, i would only eat women cause eating man meat is gay.
You won't be laughing when your daughter gets one of my tweets tattooed on her stomach.
Anonymous blog comments are the Internet's version of flaming bags of shit left on a doorstep.
I know its mostly kids but anyone so idle and lame to camp out for a phone or a movie shld be used to stop up the oil well
Eat Pray Love was basically about an insecure girl who figures out she's a selfish idiot...Bali looks pretty cool though :)
When someone says 'wait for it...' as a comedic device, it's even funnier to just kick them in the crotch real fast.
My four year old: One day I want to go to Hollywood. Me: You live in Hollywood. Her: Oh. (pause) One day I want to go to Party City.
Key factor to making an decent exorcist movie... get a chick that can crack her neck and limbs in 17 different ways and get an old dude to yell THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELLS YOUUUUU!!
Hey woman in the stall before me who didn't flush, urine isn't supposed to have pulp.
Remember: don't make eye contact with a wizard today... for it is Friday the 13th.
 I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
As a young child, my mum told me I could be anybody I wanted to be... Turns out the police call that identity theft.
Look, if the toaster's broken, then it's fair game for stickin' your penis in. That's just the laws of common sense.
DEAR TWITTER, I WOULD RATHER FOLLOW LEMMINGS OFF A CLIFF THAN FOLLOW PARIS HILTON. STOP SUGGESTING HER.
I liked it better when the only Teen Choices were "fetch me a beer" and "shut the hell up."
Wedding gift shopping for Chelsea Clinton. Electric pepper mill or a new face?
@BAR_BEE looks a bit like my wife, when she was younger. Those were the days.
"Thanks! 5 minutes ago it was RUINING a McDonald's toilet. Total carnage." - fun response to stranger who says "Nice ass!"
I hope that guy that "wants to be a billionaire" makes $999,999,999.00 and then gets hit by a bus
I wonder if there's a special calendar so celebrities know whose turn it is to have a cheating scandal/drug bust/meltdown.
So this Pastor planning to burn the Koran is named Terry Jones. Any relation to Jim and will there be Kool Aid?
If you see a hipster wearing a winter hat in NOT WINTER, it's ok to lock them in a walk-in freezer for 8 days.
I'm doing an 8x12' painting of my father giving me the "thumbs up." Why not? People paint crazy, impossible stuff all the time.
Sitcom idea: "My name is Hurricane Earl." A hurricane has to apologize to all the folks who's lives it destroyed. With a bad mustache.
You shouldn't swim immediately after eating. Unless you are a shark. Then you should always keep swimming. Otherwise you'll die.
Why is there a homeless guy always offering to open the door at my ATM? Does he think I am going to withdraw quarters?
I still can't yell "Hello Cleveland!" on stage without feeling like I've wandered into the movie Spinal Tap.
This whole 'koran burning' thing lost its edge somewhat with the advent of the printing press. Later on I'm deleting 200 copies of bible.pdf
Topical Storm Earl? Now what am I supposed to do with all these "Hurricane Earl Blew Me" t-shirts?
I'd rather hold someone's hand while they take a dump than listen to them clip their nails.
In the future, when annoying tourists ask me where Ground Zero is, I'l be able to say "Two blocks from the mosque."
New slogan for walnuts. "Walnuts: just a tiny bit more expensive than you'd think they'd be."
3 things you'll never see at Whole Foods: A fat person, a bra or a sense of humor.
Instead of a mosque, we should have a comfy chair at Ground Zero for @SarahpalinUSA to sit in & remind passing New Yorkers about 9/11.
Jet skis are fun but you always look like someone who doesn’t have enough friends to fill a boat.
@rainnwilson i would give my left nut for a taquito right about now. @Taqueria Done
Great headlines today-"Feds Looking For Ebonics Translator", & "Too Fat For Manicure: Salon Charges More". Sometimes jokes write themselves.
Murderers! Stop murdering. Everyone will die eventually. Just sit down and be patient.
Landlord left canary. It was lonely. I got it a friend. 1 of em has dun a egg. Who owns the baby& will it grow up to be canary Jesus?
Love means never having to say you're sorry. So I'll just say that it's unfortunate that I ran over your dog.
hope no 1 says hooking up w me is a "move toward not being superficial" like I just overheard at thai restaurant about someone named mike
I hate the word "meme." I prefer "ephemeral fun thing that upon closer examination is stupid. Also, I'm afraid of apples."
I hope Teresa Giudice's daughters all grow up to be butch lesbians who are picked on in high school, then move to Portland.
My body is a temple. The temple of Grugax, the fat, albino monkey-goblin. Sacrifices welcome.
I’m getting ready to interview President Obama. There’s so much security here at the View, you’d think Justin Bieber was back.
Not sure if there's an award for "hottest woman seen eating Chicken McNuggets on a train," but I think I have a nominee.
Just saw a cute little boy eating a HUGE cookie! I taught him a lesson about loss that I know he'll appreciate one day.
I was going 2 punch an elephant in the face & then I remembered, they never forget. So I punched an old person, they forget everything.
Sharks are jealous of me because I make love to mermaids in front of them.
The Teen Choice Awards confirm my belief that teens should not be given a choice.
Just got fired from SuperCuts for suggesting we change our name to 'Shut the Fuck up. You're at the Mall. What did you Expect?''
Walking down Carrera 7 in Bogota. Just passed Hooters. Shouldn't it be spelled Jooters?
Whenever I'm at a crossroads, I ask myself, "What Would Wesley Snipes do?" Then I buy a gun and don't pay my taxes.
Whenever I see a guy in jean shorts I feel sad that he has nobody in his life to say, "You really shouldn't wear those."
Does anyone else not take the sport "skeet shooting" seriously?
Justin Bieber in 3D? And you thought movie theater floors were sticky before.
Just tested my "laws don't apply to me" theory at the airport. Homeland Security obviously doesn't follow me on Twitter.
I think I'll get two tablets so I can be like Moses! But I will change the commanments!!! Lol
Guest-lifeguarding all afternoon at the local pool. Had to do mouth-to-mouth on old drowning guy who said he wasn't drowning but he was.
I'm on Letterman tonight. Literally. I get on top of him.
I've never really figured out what I'm supposed to do between Fast and Furious movies.
I like to nurse hobos back to health, then release them back into the wild to hunt them. Like every Sunday.
Remember the time you spent the entire year's budget in a month and said the client was "too dumb to notice"? How did that backfire?
Oldest woman dies at 104. Her last words: 'Who the fuck is Justin Beiber?' 
When you shake someone's hand it's definitely creepy to ask "Does this count as first base?"
I hate driving. I have to drink vodka just to get through it.
Just texted my mom to see if she wanted to get pedis after work. It was only after I sent it that I realized iPhone corrected 'pedis' to 'penis'. I asked my mom if she wanted penis after work. Brilliant.
You can train a pigeon to babysit a human baby if you cover the baby in hay & trash & bread & stuff.
Anyone who rides recumbent bicycles, please hit "unfollow". It's ridiculous.
Trapped Miners Speak: 'At Least We're Not Stuck in a Jennifer Aniston Movie'
The FDA egg recall has hit a total of 380 million eggs. I can’t wait till they find the tired, evil hen that did this.
One annoying thing about sidewalks is how the squares light up when I step on them. #imjesus
Ever have one of those weird dreams where you wake up with humps? With humps? With lovely lady lumps?
My sweatpants to me this cold morning, "I haven't seen you in months and now you think you can just get inside me?"
Dear Douche Bag wearing sunglasses in the grocery store, You are achieving the opposite effect of your goal.
An unknown number of cupcakes have fled to Canada, removing their icing and pretending to be muffins. #cupcakewar
Goat Cheese: "Hey you know that disgusting animal you'd never eat? Check out what we did with some of it's breast milk!"
Why do people waste so much money on sex changes when all you have to do is slash the "s" of the word "she".
if a clown offers you a hamburger, and it's not ronald mcdonald, do not eat the hamburger. learned that the hard way.
I turn the kitchen faucet on and the shower burns you, yes, I get it...No, I'm not gonna stop, I'm just saying yes, I get that concept.
I showed my mom that if you bend your arm and take a picture of the crease it looks like a butt so now my mom is sticking things in that crease and taking pictures of that...
In his last official act as BP CEO, Tony Hayward urinated in the company pool.
A trillion dollars in minerals found in Afghanistan! Proof that if u have a dream & keep invading places, it will eventually pay off!
Whoever said peeing in the urinal for kids causes no "splash back" is an idiot
Hang on, Wolverine from X-men's claws are made of Adamantium? As in Adam-Ant-Ium?! Reckon there's a link?
Just a heads up. Coughing in someone's mouth while you kiss is apparently not a turn on.
I have an epic idea. Can anyone recommend some ultra-powerful sorcerers willing to work on spec?
a dog tried to attack me on my run tonight...my plan was to stab it with my key if it did :)
its funny how ppl's facebook profile activities used to say "smokin pot, makin out, shoppin, bunkin college" and then their mom n dad join facebook and all the activities change to "painting pots, making money, charity and study all the time. 
When I was your age playing StarCraft involved lots of macaroni, paper mache and Elmer's Glue.
HEY WOW AN UGLY FAT BRITISH LADY SANG A PRETTY SONG... ON TELEVISION. STOP THE PRESSES!!!
Really happened 2day:playing Angry Birds when an actual bird hit bedroom window & died. I would take a pic but it's open dead eyes r freaky
Is it possible that at Brett Favre's age he just keeps forgetting he retired?
News Corp announcing that It's starting to support the GOP is like Tiger saying he just met his first stripper.
I don't want to brag or make you jealous, but I can still fit into the earrings I wore in high school.
Never judge someone til you've walked a mile in their shoes. Unless their shoes are Crocs.
Seem to have come down with mean case of what I have taken to calling curry ass.
Watching Care Bears Movie. I dont think those bears are even singing the songs. I bet it's dubbed. What a rip off! Damn you Hollywood!
Face facts, China will rule us all soon. And we'll all be forced to wear those awful Chinese slippers
I don't have a dog because I know I would force train it to always walk on its hind legs at all times for my own amusement.
I'm NEVER eating carbs again!! Wait... Doritoes have carbs? #nevermind
I'm unable to explain what I mean by this but Leonardo DiCaprio has a tuna face.
Is so horny i could fook a dog with piles
 LETS HAVE SEX. lol jk. Im playing COD. Go make me a fukking sandwich btch. 
Skinny people bug me. They say things like, "Sometimes I forget to eat." Now, I've forgotten my keys, my glasses, my address and my mother's maiden name. But I have never forgotten to eat! You have to be a special kind of stupid to forget to eat!
I think the term "crotchless underwear" is crass. I prefer "vagina snorkel."
I have vomit on my pants, and it's not mine.
i found out the reason we celebrate JULY FOURTH, it's becasue that is the day columbus sailed the ocean and was never found. so we BLOW UP fireworks so he can find his way home
someone told me that McDonalds sold hotdogs so i went and ordered a McWeiner and they laughed
i like pie and so will you after i'm through with you 
waited in line all night 4 new "Predator" movie only 2 find out comes out next week was wondering why every1 was dressed as vampires in line
My ex just emailed some pics of her having sex with her new boyfriend to me. I guess she's trying to make me jealous. So I just forwarded them to her dad. NATE-1 : HORSE HUMPIN' BITCH-0
mmmm men.       
I'm going to attempt to do absolutely nothing today. We'll see how it goes.
Spent all day at Legoland with my son during Star Wars weekend. Gushed like a fangirl when I met Darth Vader. He's my Justin Bieber
"Lady Gaga Gets Licked By Fan." Just to be clear -- which one are we concerned for here?
FUN GAME: Fly JetBlue and randomly call people "motherf******," just to see what fireworks ensue.
I never lock the bathroom door. If someone walks in on me I yell "GET THE F*** IN HERE!". It always works.
The Expendables is basically just The Devine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood for people who were adolescent boys in the 80s.
One fun thing about adulthood is being attacked by an unexpected childhood memory & then weeping uncontrollably in a bakery.
Sex Ed. when you're home-schooled must be a treat.
There's a reason I can't do both at the same time: premature ejaculation
I hope you were relentless on that kid David Mound. His name is Mound and he eats raw eggs. Loser.
For all photos, I think I'm gonna start lifting up my shirt, showing off my gut, and demanding to be called The Fatuation.
Wyclef Jean has filed papers to run for President of Haiti. If his politics are as good as his rapping on "Hips Don't Lie", Haiti is saved.
Everytime I check my Twitter Account, I get a really weird feeling I'm being followed... anyone else get this?
I wonder how many times a day Mark Zuckerberg jacks it to the "The Social Network" preview?
I owe a lot to my parents.....specially to my mother and father..........
hates Piggly Wiggly day -.-
Best quote of the day from my wife "quit looking at the cat's nuts and get out of the tub"
OMG I STILL LAUGH HYSTERICALLY AT THOSE DANGED OLE BIG BALLS!!!! Golly, i love that show!
is back in the saddle again. And by saddle, I mean prison........ and by again, I mean for reckless irresponsibility, and alleged arson.
I don't know what women keep bragging about being able to multi-task for. What's so great about doing three things wrong at the same time? 
there was a time when apple and blackberry were just fruits...
Next time I'm on a job interview and they ask my accomplishments, I'm going to say don't know if you know this, but Windows 7 waas my idea.
 Sign of the times when you don't take a newspaper or magazine to the bathroom with you anymore. Instead you take your laptop with you
R.O.F.L.S.H.V.U.A.K.O.M.A.I.L-Rolling On Floor Laughing SoHard Voldemort Uses AvadaKedavra On Me And I Live 
 Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus. 
Breaking News: Your a C*nt.
Why is it that in hospitals, the staff will leave the TV on in the rooms of coma patients? I know there's a theory that they can hear, so why not leave them a radio? What idiot thinks they can see?!
the words 'multi-tasking' were invented for the day women had to learn to juggle housework with Facebook.
Is not lactating, so please step off
THEY'RRREEE GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEATTTTT!!!!!
is wondering if we could get Tupac back if we offered up Justin Bieber as a sacrifice to appease the Hip-Hop gods...
Free yoohoo is awesome in the beginning but after 4 or 5 it may not be as sweet as it sounds.
I'm sorry Justin Bieber, but it's sucks to know you are a product of Canada. Power to Michael Buble and Jim Carey. We loves you! 
I found this weekend that when you play a Nickelback album backward you hear messages from Satan... but even worse: if you play it forward.. you hear Nickelback...
How can you possible "feel like P-Diddy"? Has P-Diddy ever told you what he feels like? 
Here's my prayer for the weekend: Dear Lord, let me prove that winning the lottery won't spoil me. Amen.
used the search term “the perfect job for me” on Google and my computer laughed at me.
is not very happy w/ my fantasy team right now. I'm gonna have to send each of them some Tom Emanski tapes & Barry Bond's "Vitamins"
Here's some gambling advice: Beware the woman who arrives while you're winning.
I know that Usain Bolt is abnormally fast already, but I think he can be even faster. Especially if someone let a cheetah loose behind him.
likes to test a psychic's ability with a knock-knock joke. If they say "Who's there?", I get the hell out of there.
Katie hates it when old relatives come up to you at weddings and say "You'll be next, dear". I'm sure they wouldn't be too impressed if I started saying that to them at funerals.
is not a doctor, but I play one in the emergency room until security shows up.
is wondering if Jewish doctors get paid for doing circumcisions, or just get to keep the tips.
~ I told my family that I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle....so, they got up, unplugged my computer, and threw out my whiskey :(
is against recycling, because it makes me look like a huge alcoholic to my garbage man.
discovered today that when a police officer says, "Ma'am, your eyes look red. Have you been drinking?", you should never respond with "Officer, your eyes look glazed. Have you been eating doughnuts?".
Tiger Woods will play at the Masters. The second most important 18 holes of his life.
sure i'll sign oprah's pledge to make my car a cell free zone... it'll free up both hands to hold my grey goose bottle.
I can't wait til dark. I am going out to catch fireflies in attempt to light a candle. 
"Let there be coffee"...And then there was coffee...And the co-workers loved the coffee...and drank it all, the bastards!
if i could quit school and work to smoke and workout all day, i would.
Sometimes you are the fire hydrant, sometimes you are the dog
is Sitting on the sea shore waiting for TSUNAMI to clean up his ASS.
Broker than the Tooth Fairy in a house full of meth addicts!
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a night, light a man on fire and he's warm for life.
As confused as a hungry baby in a topless bar.
is pissed off thinking, Why they call it shipment when he send things through Car and Cargo while sending through ship...!!
Doesn't care if this is the city that never sleeps, I want an Ambien!
 is thinking, Why does a GF work years to change a BF's habits and then complain that he's not the man she engaged?
I hate, hate, hate Peter Pan and everything he stands for. Including his political views and his thoughts on recycling and the future of neverland
is wondering, Psychotherapist or Psycho - the - Rapist ??
Despite contrary belief, a didgeridoo (Sp?) is in fact a musical instrument. Not a bong. Who da thunk it, eh?
God used to be my co-pilot...until we crashed into the side of that mountain....and I had to eat him!"
awwww, crud.. just realized its Monday!! Shower day ALREADY???
Wait, if NSFW is taken, how do I abbreviate "Nuts Shaved For Weekend?"
Paul the octopus said I'd go to the beach instead of work & I wouldn't get fired. My prediction? Paul will be my lunch once I get a new job.
Favre retiring for third time. Only 2 more until the apocalypse.
Friends! Instead of yelling "F***!" or "Son of a B****!," try yelling "Jennifer's Biscuits!" It's just as satisfying.
Andy Jones just saw someone laugh and vomit. At the same time.
I feel like at any moment now quick sand is going to make a comeback as one of the leading causes of death
"No. Humans will die out. We're weak. Dinosaurs survived on rotten flesh. You got diarrhea last week from a Wendy's."
I'm in that weird place in my life right now where forgetting to DVR Jersey Shore premiere is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
In his first day since stepping down from BP, Tony Hayward took a dump in his neighbor's pool.
working on sequel to "eat pray love" called "shit cry die." sort of a glass half empty take.
"I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" is a cute song until you find out it's a murder witness court transcript put to music.
Watching Mel Gibson in "What Women Want". I don't know, something about it just feels different now.
Almost had my phone confiscated trying to take pic of girl wearing silver SEINFELD belt buckle at airport. Didn't get the shot. :(
Good news: the high levels of weed killer in our drinking water means we can kill the weeds on our lawn just by peeing on it.
Yeah buddy, good idea, beep your horn. That'll get the 10,000 cars in front of us to move. Ass-hat.
Just FYI: If you stake a hipster thinking he's a vampire the cops will not accept the defense that u have twilight fever
I am about to release my sex tape. Having a beer gut and pasty white ass will be the new black.
is [this comment has been removed due to legal action by the Church of Scientology]
Breaking news: Serbians to use garlic to ward off swine flu.  Vampires enraged at the announcement.
Just saw someone in a fur coat walking a dog. "I love to take care of animals AND wear them!" If only they were holding a burger.
If guys in big trucks have tiny dicks then do guys on loud motorcycles have quiet ones? Dicks that can whisper?
Ends up that the "water" on the moon is actually just alien piss. Oh well.
i Liked your Status and now 25 notifications later........I'm hating me for Liking your status.
George Lopez YOU ARE NOT FUNNY AND I DONT WANT TO PARTY WITH YOU
When you set your kid as your profile pic, it makes me feel like a pedophile. Like I'm friends with tons of babies and toddlers. Stop
is posting on Twitter that he is updating his Facebook status update.
is pretty sure that Voldemort is behind him in traffic. And because I know you're wondering, yes he has spinners on his 88 LS
is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars?
Got out of jury duty by prefacing every answer with "according to the prophecy"
's boss fired him via text message. I don't have a text messaging plan. I paid $0.25 to get fired.
Just saw someone put out cigarette and immediately start puffing on an asthma inhaler. HAY HELTH JEENYUS: UR DOING IT RONG
i love my amazing future husband, and he is the best person EvEr at beer pong!!!
Depending on the situation, fanny packs are probably pretty useful DAMN YOU CARGO PANTS YOU ARE A GATEWAY DRUG.
thinks one good thing about Alzheimer's is that you can hide your own Easter eggs!
Never moon a werewolf.
I got new deodorant yesterday... The instructions said remove top and push up bottom... My ass hurts but everytime i fart the room smells awesome 
says we could merge My Space, Facebook, You Tube and Twitter and call it: MY FACE YOU TWIT.
thinks that if your relationship status says, "It's complicated" that you should stop kidding yourself and change it to "Single"
Whoever says Paper beats Rock is an idiot. Next time I see someone say that I will throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper
just wants to point out that Cinderella is living proof that shoes CAN change your life!
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
is wondering where noah kept woodpeckers on his ark
Dear Pringles, Now that I am no longer a child, I can no longer fit my hand inside your tube of deliciousness. Work on that.
Thinking about making Taco Bell's Black Jack taco the official fast food of the Empire.
I farted, I puked... I love HEATHER LYNN RITZ... I love you boo ¦ 
I'm pretty sure Luke would cool his thrusters for Princess Leia if he knew they used to be wombmates.
Yo, Hilary Duff! I'm really happy for you, and I'ma let you finish, but Sarah Jessica Parker has the Horsiest face of all time!
is...wondering how much additional money the March of Dimes would have for themselves if they stopped sending dime coins to everyone.
I wish my family doctor's last name was Pepper. That would rule.
As I waz saying, i never repeat myself, I never repeat myself EVER!!!
is recommended by 4 out of 5 ex-girlfriends.
Today we caught a bull shark, I punched it! Then while snorkeling we literally swam 5 ft away from 3 six ft bull sharks for 15 min! Giggity.
they should rename ga tech "socialy awkward university" home of the star wars quotation shirts
If E.T. would have flown in the first place, he could have caught up with his ship and I could concentrate in this meeting.
thinks that if completing homework was as addicting and amazing as eating candy corn, then she would have completed ever last bit of her homework along with everyone else's on the floor by now...and would have an infinite amount of time to relax...and eat candy corn.
@TradingGoddess ha, yeah. @BAR_BEE looks a bit like my wife, when she was younger. Those were the days.
I've just finished installing child locks on all my cabinets, trash cans and cupboards. Now let's see those kids try and get out of there
Claiming a product promotes weight loss when combined with diet and exercise is like claiming it grants wishes when used with a leprechaun.
What would I do for a Klondike bar? Seriously? It's like the most average ice cream treat you can get...
What say we all parachute out of a plane in gray jumpsuits and land near a high school in Patrick Swayze's honor?
For @adamisacson's birthday, we've replaced his tie with a boa constrictor. Let's see if he- OH! OH GOD! THIS ISN'T FUNNY AT ALL!
How about a pirate-themed "All the Single Mateys"? No need to thank me until next year's VMAs.
I just interviewed someone who's email address contains "BabyGirl15" in it. Guess which professional is not getting the job?
is not a vampire. But he does like them spread on toast with a nice glass of yuppie blood.
is seriously pissed about the naked roommate thing. Knock it off, Matt and Dylan. I'm not kidding.
is gettin ready to take a monster dump....I know, sounds weird, but hey! Everyone does it, Im just open about it ;).
“note to self: Don’t go to the grocery store when you’re hungry on your lunch break unless you plan on spending big $$$.” - (note to Brett Favre: Don’t go to the Minnesota Vikings when you’re old after retiring twice unless you plan on throwing 5 interceptions against the Bengals again.)
what do you say when an atheist sneezes
has made it his job to put the “fun” back into funeral.
girlfriend came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her. So I hit her over the head with my Playstation.
is more frustrated than an Amish electrician
Um ma'am, ur thong is showing.
Sometimes I tweet just to see what I'm going to say.
is not for everyone. Clinical tests show that Rabies may cause nausea, fatigue, and kidney or liver problems. Ask your doctor if Rabies is right for you.
Follow your dreams, except for that one where you're naked at work
wants to know what it means when your 2 year old drags his face on the carpet while crawling. Mike did this too but not Bekah. How come I have weird sons?
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks...why is there a light in the fridge? 
Why does everybody hate Chris, but everybody loves Raymond?....racist
Just saw a guy dressed as a centaur at AMC...
Holy crap...a goat just ran out in front of us in Eufala...
It's funny how the caps lock button can ruin a conversion...for example, "what?" with "Caps Lock" becomes "WHAT?" - not good
I've seriously considered entering this underground sword-fighting club, to gain some street cred. Book clubs are nice too.
Finally, federal court rules cheerleading officially not a sport
You know your getting old when your wife is out of town and you feel mischievous for getting hot wings.
JohnsonForGeorgia.com <-- Website name fail lol
No officer, I wasn't speeding. I was defending my cars honor against a Camaro.
has been told that I need to be more open about my life, so here's a couple things: I discovered salt, & created FM radio.
Borrowed one of grandma's rings just so I could say, while playing video games, "Don't make me slap you with my ring hand!"
is wishing that she could throw magic dust on her problems and make them disappear! Kind of like a wizard...or a crack addict!
Today is the day where eagles fly high and mullets ride strong happy day of freedom my beautiful land of liberty
While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it...thanks Mario Kart.
just saw my mom naked...it was lunch time...
thinks its weird that if you scream in a library people just look at you funny...but if you scream on an airplane everyone joins in..
 will miss you summer 09..we had alot of fun together...but..what happens in summer stays in summer and i dont want this to get awkward..so my number...lose it.
can single-handedly make all your dreams come true...but hes not cocky so he'll just use both hands..
just got back from the hospital.  I got hit by a car twice in one day...
woke up his cute little princess this morning. She started feeling my face with her eyes closed.  I asked her what she's doing and she said "Looking for the off button."
a blonde just texted me and asked "what does idk stand for? " i said " i dont know" she said "omg! nobody does!"
The Mexican word of the day is "CHICKEN" . . . "I was going to go to the store with my wife but, chicken go herself
Why does every starbucks smell like throw up. I'm gona ninja penis the next dude who throws up in here
believing in the power of hypnosis to improve your life NOW! http://bit.ly/22GWXP
OMG, someone in a GIANT CHICKEN SUIT just showed up at my door to sing Happy Birthday to me! There are no words.
Says if a turtle loses his shell is he naked or homeless??
That's enough, Nickelback.
Dawn just got asked if she wanted to pee on a stick- why do I never get asked that
says a clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
is proud of herself. She finished a jigsaw puzzle in 6 months and the box said 2-4 years.
says my computer just beat me at chess...but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Huynh is color blind and trying to solve a rubiks cube... This could take a while...
dreams of a better world...where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned :0)
is wondering.... if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
used to play sports. Then she realized you can buy trophies. Now she's good at everything.
feels like getting some work done...and so he is sitting down until the feeling passes.
 -- my name is Cuba Pete. I'm the king of the rhamba beat. And when I dance it goes, "booo cicka boom, boom chicka boom, boom chicka boom."
will not only have the house to himself all next week, but the entire SouthEast as well.
is voting that the name be changed from French Fries to Potato Rails.
Did u know that when some1 annoys u, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
No one says "it's only a game" when they are winning
When things change.. they never stay the same.
There's something wrong when you're taking a dump and the only term that comes to mind is "Rock Lobster"
Why is it when people say they were someone else in another life, it's always someone famous?
Rule #64: Under NO circumstances does one EVER accept an upside down kamikaze shot offer from a female bodybuilder.
Two chinese people had an albino baby last week. Turns out 2 Wongs do make a white. 
My wife says" driving down hwy 99 is Luke torcher with a side of stupid" as we return from our vacation in Huntington Beach! Lol!!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak. 
stopped using mouthwash when he read that it "kills germs on contact." I never did like the thought of anything dying while in my mouth.
 Ok so I'm going to tickle Gina- so in protest she fires milk at me from her nipple! Aww man!
It's been days since I last saw your face. It's also been days since the last time I violently threw up. 
Went to the bank to ask for a loan. Here's a hint as to how it went.......they wanted their calendar back.
Unemployment has taught me how to make holiday gifts out of everyday household items.
I think homework should die in a maggot filled hole, with vultures pecking at it forever, and then it should be run over by a tank, then eaten by a whale, and then spit out so far into space, that martians can look at it, and scream
would not be attractive as a woman
I'm gonna go to the exotic fish store, buy 10 goldfish & 1 piranha. It's gonna be EPIC.
 is done with the cookies and made appointments for the hair and girl parts. :) Things are going smoothly.... ¦ 
 RT @PGS_: I'm a heroine addict. I love women who have saved someone's life// I'am more into crack, it's kinkier...
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, if you throw it precisely.
bets that in prison everyone's relationship status is set to "it's complicated".
Has anyone ever thought about the fact that Mr Krabs lives in Bikini Bottom?
needs fresh air and regrets the decision to let the dog lick up the spilled Fiber One yogurt.
is tired and going to bed because this huge turd will not come out of my butthole and i am sick of dealing with it.
Was in the mood to pore some sugar on me. Now Im all sticky and attracting ants.
I'm too lazy to milk my cow on farmville.
Staying up this late is giving me extreme paranoia.  One of the CPA from Monster's INC is  going to drop from the ceiling and ask for my autograph.
This is FACEBOOK, quit posting your nasty twisted-kissy-faced-Myspace-angled photos. Thank you.
If you watch jaws backwards its about a huge shark that throws up so many people that they need to open a beach.
"the greatest thing about Facebook, is that you can quote something and totally make up the source.” – George Washington
Is included. Batteries sold seperatley!
Full length back tattoo of the Hawaiian Punch Guy. 10% real fruit juice!
Woman in front of me at show has a key tatooed on her back. What does it open?
disturbed after reading the word "buttonhole" too fast in the context of an article about hand surgery.
The Internet: Where men are men, women are men, and children are the FBI.
has the body of a God, unfortunately its Buddha
Why oh why do they feel it's necessary to put little hearts, flowers, and butterflies all over the tampon wraper? It's not as if it's not literally already painfully obvious that I am a chick! 
Step 1: Steal underpants. Step 2: _________. Step 3: Rule the galaxy!
Couldn't find any rebels to destroy today. Parked sideways across 3 handicapped spaces instead. Felt almost as good.
everyone watch out for terrorists today, I hear there hidin in the rocky's waitin to strike, GET R DUUUUN!!!
My friend had an asian looking baby today...her husband isn't asian...
thinks that suprisingly enough, Snoop Dogg looks a Hell of a lot like Hagrid from Harry Potter. Look for it, you'll see it
has found love in facebook. She is from bangladesh and “wan day will reash amehica”.
prepare to sacrifice your children... for in but a few minutes it will be 09:09 on 09/09/09
is sweating like a cat at a Chinese restaurant...
For Sale sign in car window says: Van Rans Gud....
 why does it hurt when I pee?
