Instead of "Stupid for America," what do you guys think of the book title, "America, You Sexy B**ch?"
If you've ever sent email with the subject line: "FWD: fw: FW: FW: Re: FW: FW: FW:" please know that the recipients hate you.
Beer commercials teach us that the right beverage will land you a babe, sports are important, and humans are terrible.
Hey, men in sandals: Nope.
Want to seem more likeable? Have a 5 y.o. leave your outgoing message and mispronounce everything.
There's nothing I want to see more in the world than one of those gorillas that knows sign language arguing with a deaf creationist.
When a girl says, "You're sweet." what she means is, "You're gross and I'm never gonna have sex with you."
Hey, Dummy, we know you just got back from England. Stop saying "alright, cheers," instead of "okay, cool."
Were Trojan condoms named after the Trojan Horse? If so, wasn't it used by the Greeks to "insert  forces" behind enemy lines?
When you honk the horn of a white Mercedes, it should say in a pleasant robotic voice, "JEWISH DENTIST."
HEY: You leave your baby unattended, I'm gonna sniff it. That's just how it is.
Jesus, please let me destroy a urinal with a sledgehammer one day.
I just told my wife to "blow it out her s***wagon." Do I have any followers I can stay with in Boston tonight? I'm clean/polite.
I'm 99% sure I've just perfected my sexy kitty dance.
Think I might have one of those subprime mortgages...in my pants.
If a friend's lunch looks better than mine, I'll quietly ask if she's gained weight. When she abruptly stops eating, that dish is ALL mine.
After my face is washed & teeth brushed I often like to let it all hang out
If you're gonna order a salad with ham, raisins, peanuts, croutons & extra ranch, just order a freaking sandwich.
To the girl who left 3 strands of hair at the laundromat, I found them. They're on my sock and shirt.
Hey Facebook shoe spam girls, you gotta shave your legs.
Cats are such majestic noble creatures. Mine will eat his own eye boogers if you offer them to him after de-crapping his eye. Truly a thing of beauty.
Tried to do my own laundry. Bleaches, soaps, sprays, solvents all the wrong amounts mixed together. I ended up making meth.
Was so hungry I just assassinated my lunch. Now the vice lunch will be sworn in.
I don't give butterfly kisses but I do give horse licks, petrified monkey shrieks or man o' war jellyfish massages. If it's true love.
People who fly with a full-size pillow, why not carry your own toilet too?
We can now say with certainty that the global recession was caused by people driving white Escalades.
It pumps blood to the rest of your body, Numb Nuts @s------------- I'm still learning what my heart is for
You liar!! I stayed through the whole credits @m-------------- If you watch after the credits of Harry Potter, Tony Star comes and asks Harry to join the avengers.
Bored at school, so I am checking out thesaurus.com. I typed "Ninjas" and the reply was "Ninjas could not be found". Well played, ninjas. Well played.
I always confidently announce "I wasn't crying in there" when I exit a public restroom so people know the deal.
Probably the worst part about being deaf is that you can only celebrate 50% of your farts.
Probably the worst part of being a cop is when you have to arrest a baby.
My son just slowly, purposefully picked up a banana & stuck it into his eye. I guess I won't have to waste any money on college.
A collection of death row inmates, some llamas & a bucket of urine would do a better job than the House GOP.
No; it's a totally different animal. RT @BarackObama: So a gerbil is like just a very small horse, right?
Why are people so nervous about the NFL lockout? Just start a book club or take Italian lessons or something, guys! xo
I'm going start selling little vials of my bile on Etsy.
So far my favorite ride at Disney World was air conditioned bus to the hotel. Well worth the wait.
When I die, I would like to be remembered for my casual elegance, my love of dance, and my way with a lasso.
Someone pokes you on Facebook and, when you show up at their house to poke them back, they call the cops. You know what? I give up.
Attention guy walking two feet behind me down the entire block even though we're the only people on this street: I will stab you in 10 feet.
Let me get this straight- you invite me to your house but I can't take any toiletries for the road. Sorry- can't have it both ways "friend."
At the gym. For the next hour, it's just me against these machines. And also the gym manager and apparently this cop who wants in too.
The key to fitness is a combination of diet, exercise, and enough money that people will have sex with you no matter what happens.
OMG! We got Bin Laden!
Just saw a guy in sweatpants walking down 8th Avenue with full wood. I'm not taking credit for it, just telling you what I saw.
Telling someone they look "tired" doesn't show you care how much sleep they're getting. It shows how hard you'd like them to punch you.
(3% AIDS) <-- name of my barbershop quartet
Hey, I’m tweeting from inside a car wash! I wonder if my phone will still work if I roll down the win
I would kill for Rizzoli or Isles's earrings. (I'm a man just in case you want to know)
I can't take rejection, yet have no problem rejecting just about everyone and everything. #hypocrite
I hope whoever invented the leafblower got murdered with one.
At what point are we going to admit that all toddler artwork is horrible?
All the things I like to do I like to do more with ice cream.
Next time someone calls you a disappointment, remind them everyone is great at something and you just happen to excel at disappointing.
I like to peek-a-boo myself in the mirror so I can watch my pupils dilate. Plus the surprise is pretty fun
Children grow up so fast. One day they’re taking their 1st steps, the next they’re taken away after a judge rules you’re a negligent parent.
"This may be the one that changes my life." Me, subconsciously, every time I buy an electric toothbrush.
On a plane, eating a cinnabon. If this thing goes down, just know that I died doing what I loved.
There's so many fun things to do with people. But my favorite thing to do with people is avoid them.
Neighbor asked me to water her plants while she's away. Takes 2 min. but I spend like 20 licking the seat on her exercise bike.
Me: "See ya later France." France: "Not if I see you first." Me: "Because you'll run and hide from me and I won't see you?" France: "Huh?"
How are all the trust-fund hipsters? What's new in sideburn technology? Are Vespas still cool? Fanny packs? St. Vincent?
If u see a woman with a facelift, are u allowed to say to them "Hey! Great facelift! You look so much younger & smoother!"?
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better. Works for my cable.
Muslim or not, boy or girl, teenagers should wear burkas when they go through their awkward stage. I don't want to have to see that.
I'll give your mom a piggyback ride, I don't give a s***.
If you guys knew how upset my mom gets when people unfollow me, you would shut up so hard & go to hell in your face!
There should be an app for getting your phone from a 5-year-old...like that taser thing from james bond.
The bad news is we don’t have any ice cream in the house. The good news is I just ate a pint of ice cream.
At the gym. Sometimes it's like the elliptical machine and I become one, but mostly just because of my outfits.
Instead of a resume, I think we should all have a video clip of ourselves reacting to having s*** in a broken toilet in someone's home.
It's a nice night so I decided to walk home. Why I'm wearing a clown costume at this hour I can't explain quite as easily.
If the police don't want me to dance then why are they always shining that spotlight on me?
How long do I have to wave my dick around at this ballgame before they put me on the Jumbotron?
Totally drunk on beer. Just dry humped the Pirate mascot.
Swords would be a lot less cool if we pronounced the "w."
If I had a third hand, I would use it to give everybody the finger all the time.
No. RT @BarackObama: Is it true that in Russia a horse can be a lawyer?
You name it, I can grow hair on it!
Are they selling Tapout shirts by the pound now? That, or all these chubby kids in the mall actually ARE cage fighters...
An Oklahoma man pretended to be autistic to get women to change his diaper. An Oklahoma man stole my idea.
Hey guys, good news! I'm pregnant!!! It's just a poop baby, but still...
Waiting in line for an hour in 100 degree heat for the Dumbo rides makes you wonder who's the real Dumbo.
Are Junior Mints the caviar or the turds of The York Peppermint Patty?
There is a house full of young people next door to the lake house I'm staying at. How do I tell them a deranged murderer will kill them?
Conductor is all pissed at me for trying to climb on top of train. Apparently you "can't do that" on Metro North. Whatever.
I support gay marriage, but I don't support gay tank tops. Come on, guys- you're better than that!
If I see a girl I like in a bar, I demand silence and then perform a full acapella version of that "Fever" song for her. It's great.
I assume that hipsters are the way they are because their "skinny jeans" are cutting off all their circulation.
I was wondering why nobody invited me to brunch but then I remembered it's 9000 degrees outside and also I have no friends.
When people tell you to "smile" they obviously don't realize they're making whatever it is 100% worse.
Whenever men banana around a straight-line destination I assume they're farting
Cocaine jaw is EXTRA cute on an older gentleman
Had a great time @Comic_Con, but I'm kind of regretting this "Vampire Diaries" tattoo. #SDCC
I have arrived @Comic_Con. The air is thick with the smell of Cheetos and celibacy. #SDCC
If Voldemort is such a powerful wizard, why can’t he conjure up a new nose?
It's amazes me how strangers can go from mysterious to boring just by talking.
A State Trooper gave me a speeding ticket on Wednesday. I thanked him afterward. Real bitch move on my part.
Employees pose in the middle of American Apparel in a bodystocking, and it's "sexy," but I do it and it's "time to go."
I have no quicker reflex than the one to get an ugly pair of sunglasses off of my face.
Sad when you destroy someones dreams of being a rapper. Told friend who tried to rhyme bayonet with breach of contract he was flow deaf.
If your friends living room has more drug paraphernalia than furniture than at least buy them an Ikea bong or some kinda hookah chandelier.
Can't science isolate the parts of food we need so we don't have to shamefully poop out the unnecessary bits? It's 2011.
You guys, Anna Wintour is on my NYC to LA flight. How much will you give me if I try to steal those sunglasses?
If u wanna get rid of tons of followers fast, tweet about religion (&penis)
Is it possible to sue your comb?
Dear John Boehner, Get in the toilet. You're a piece of s***.
I like the new machine at my gym. It has Twix, Snickers and Mars!
Just watched woman at the gas station take a squeegie and wash her entire car with it. Wonder what she does w/ a wet nap after BBQ.
Wrong # call=boring. Wrong text message=fun. Some1 text me "Carl, where the hell r u?" I responded "sex change, call u back as Carla."
Whenever #BrettFavre is trending I'm always nervous about what's waiting for me when I click the link.
When I die I want an improper burial. I'd love 2 be laid 2 rest inside a Godmudder w/my 2 best friends (still living) wearing Star Wars pjs.
I don't keep a gun in my house but I do have a carefully positioned cactus.
Anybody rub their dong on anything cool today?
Guess how many cookies I ate today? If you didn't guess 14, I have bad news: you're not a wizard.
A Cougar travels 1500 miles from S Dakota only to get hit by a car in CT. Sounds like an ep of Real Housewives of NY!
most cocaine addicts don’t even like cocaine, they just use it as an excuse to put dollar bills up their nose.
When someone tells me I should be ashamed of myself, I'm like "Got it covered, bro!"
Do you ever have to pee SO bad that you're surprised when blood doesn't come out?
I'd like to hike your debt ceiling. #EconomistPickUpLines
If I were an alien visiting earth I would do 2 things: burn a circle in a corn field & rape a rednecks ass.
Every time I see a guy in a pork pie hat, I imagine him trying it on at the store and saying "How cute!" Then I punch him in the neck.
The thing about me is I will fight anyone or anything to the death. Unless I don't feel like it.
If I'm at a bar and someone is annoying me I like to say "Bartender, please get my friend here a big glass of shut the f#%k up!" Then I run.
Congratulations to the entire Palin family on your new abstinence baby.
The correct answer to "How are you?" is "Fine." If you ever stray from that dialogue, please know that nobody gives a s***.
True: When u fake-unconsciously rest your mouth in a sexy pose it's off-putting
The Italian dudes in Philly look like the gay dudes in New York.
Choosing between Facebook and Google+ is like choosing between 2 women with SEVERE boundary issues.
TYPING IN ALL CAPS MAKES SOMEONE LOOK INSANE, RIGHT?
If you're in Kansas with a pal, a funny joke is to step over the border and say "We're not in Kansas anymore." Then punch him in the nuts.
It's so hot today that I can barely bring myself to do anything but put on my hot pants and open a sexy car wash with an unpredictable hose.
It's so hot today that I can barely get myself to roller-skate in one sexy, sexy disco circle over and over again without passing out.
It never ceases to amaze me how ungrateful total strangers are for the massive farts I hold in around them on a regular basis.
No matter what I say or do, I just can't seem to keep my hands off myself. It's like "What part of 'I'm not interested' don't I understand?"
Guy in coffee shop asked other guy if he "still talked to Sara a lot." It's like "Admit it- you have nothing to say to each other!" Move on!
Staying at the Heartbreak Hotel, right across the street from Graceland. Lord, please take me while I am on the toilet tonight.
Girls who use tanning beds either have no concept of what they actually look like or have advanced fantasies about being a waffle.
I never go anywhere without my straight buddy Tad. Including the shower - where he helps me ward off the advances of Mr. Bubble.
Fair warning, anyone who hacks my voicemail should have a ravenous appetite for 15th-century spoken-word conquistador erotica.
Welcome to the world, South Sudan! I should tell you, it's traditional for new countries to loan America 400 billion dollars.
BBC: James Bond, Q, Miss Moneypenny to resign over phone hacking scandal.
This day could have really used a CTRL+ALT+DELETE.
Thanks, Brits. Now they won't let me bring pie on the plane.
If rappers ever watch that Al Pacino movie, "Scarface," they're gonna get so much material from it!!
Headphones are the printer ink of smartphones. #hiddencharges
My favorite Harry Potter films are, in order: Prisoner of Azkaban, Lozenge of Fortitude & Hood of the Bishop's Wand.
Of course gay people are BORN gay. A gay wizard put a spell on them when they were in the womb.
Gonna swing by the hospital & tickle some coma patients for my lunch hour.
Isn't it time John Cusack put out a rap album as DJ Q-Sack?
If you're truly desperate, there's always the girl at the bar with the straw cowboy hat.
I could have been a professional mathlete.
Sometimes when I'm feeling anxious I'll just shave a German.
In the future we'll have Jet-Pack-aggeddon.
Just changed my son’s diaper. I noticed his penis looks exactly like mine. Except his is much bigger.
I just drew a little face on a vitamin & named him Terry. He is my best friend & I don't care what you people think anymore.
Next time you see a woman "reading" a book in public, check to make sure it's not upside-down.
what the f*** i just got shoes from zappo's i ordered TOMORROW!!!
9 out of 10 women pee like a girl.
Disney is the only place where you can walk around for 12 hours and still gain weight.
I don't know what is more embarrassing the fact that I just bought a candy bar or that I paid $3 dollars for it.
Really the only people who should be allowed to cut in line are me.
I don't think my bathroom has any idea what's about to happen in there.
Last night I found an unopened can of warm PBR on the floor of a cab. I'll answer your question with a question. Did I have a choice?
TIP: If you're ever in an uncomfortable situation, just say, in a sing-songy voice, "awkward!" It gets a laugh & lets people know you get it
If Washington raises the debt limit, they should buy every American a Bud Light and charge it to China.
The sheets in my hotel room smell suspiciously like somebody wiped their ass sweat all over them. (Somebody did. Me.)
When a guy says he "can't live without me," I say, "prove it." If he doesn't end up dead...boy, will that liar wish he had.
Kids that got 3 strikes in tee ball were never meant to progress to baseball
It's a special kinda night when a drunk idiot runs across the hood of your car, slips & Jackasses into the next lane hit by a car.
Forget Planking. I've started a new sensation called Whitening. If you're Caucasian just enter into a random alt-ethnic cubicle at your workplace. Ask for a stapler, pencil or how to harvest corn. When the person helps you, simply violently kick them out, taking over their area, claiming it as your own.
BREAKING: NewsCorp reporters admit hacking into phones of zebras allegedly raped by Kevin James on the set of "ZOOKEEPER."
You guys record/file your farts? Can't decide if I should label this last one "Battle Cry" or "Hate Speech."
Upset that Netflix is raising its prices? Go buy meth where your local Blockbuster used to be!
Just to set her at ease, whenever I pass a lone woman walking at night, I tell her "I'm not going to rape you."
Why are there so many mirrors at health clubs? I know what I look like. That’s why I’m going to the gym. Or should be going to the gym.
Did anyone ever really want to keep up with Kardashians?
At the gym. Just ran from the men's locker room screaming "Blood, mother! Blood!" Y'know, just for fun.
If Casey Anthony and I ever passed a Kids R Us together, I'd say "Don't get any bright ideas- they sell toys, not babies!" She'd love it!
Some call Casey Anthony a murderer. I call her a strict disciplinarian with decent tits.
There's only one thing that will ever take away Casey Anthony's pain from losing her daughter- mojitos!
If there isn't a new celebrity sex scandal soon, I'm going to film myself doing a shot-for-shot remake of 2 Girls, 1 Cup.
People get so excited about seeing precious baby ultrasounds, but I show the x-ray where I swallowed that Rolex and suddenly I'm "weird."
Biggest Fears in Life: Shark Attack. Turning out like my Father. Joining Google+.
When someone says, "I'm getting headshots tomorrow," I always hope they mean they're gonna shoot themselves in the face.
You say "potato." SAY IT! FREAKING SAY POTATO. SAY IT NOW.
If I really like someone's tweet, I print it out and eat it.
Are you sad when you finish a challenging puzzle and you can't eat it? Well now you can! With Ham Puzzle!
If someone isn't responding to CPR, put a finger or two in their bum, so you don't have to wonder "What if?" later.
I just paid $45 for a packet of mayonnaise. Thanks for nothing, Obama!
If I ever meet the makers of the app "Peggle", I'm going to pluck out their eyes and Peggle them.
Did you know that in Sanskrit 'Yoga' means 'secretly farting'?
Sometimes I feel unqualified to be a parent and I call those times being awake.
Some people have asked me to stop talking about Casey Anthony, so I just want them to know it's Restaurant Week...in my pants.
I know abortion is a hot-button issue, but I think we can all agree that eating a live infant is usually a good idea.
I think it's cool when a guy wears jewelry. Just kidding; it's worse than a fire at a school.
Exxon, GE, Citigroup, Chevron & Boeing paid no taxes last year BUT NETFLIX IS RAISING THEIR PRICES!!! Ah, the outrage...
So parenting is all about wanting your child to burp for the first 3 months and then not wanting them to burp for the next 18 years?
Probably what makes cooked green peppers so special is that they ruin the taste of any food they are in.
Going to have lunch with a bunch of chicks. Did any of them kill a baby? Probably not. That doesn't mean I can't try to have a good time.
Just invented a new iPhone application that puts a naked picture of me into everyone's pants.
Just doing my part. RT @d-----------: I went on an amazing sexual adventure today. I am happy and very tired.
New Orleans, your music is sweet but you smell like garbage.
What would I do for a Klondike bar? Probably just give you the $1.45. I'm confused.
Twice a day I look at the clock and go, "Hey! 9:11!" then I remember to get really really sad
Is it part of Pink Dot's mission to deliver cottage cheese that expired yesterday?
Texting while driving is a good way to kill time and strangers
Is there an app that can teach us social skills? I seem to have lost mine using all these social networking websites. :(
The only thing that keeps my dog from s***ting his pants is that he doesn't wear pants.
There's a reason zombie movies are relevant now. B/c once you're bitten you become one #PlasticSurgery
Don't give me your card.
I'm not Anti-Social. I'm Pro-Doing S*** on my Phone.
Yeah chicks can fake orgasms. Guys, however, we can fake love.
just found out i was taking my sleeping pill in the morning.... no wonder i was so messed up lol. woooopsss
A man was arrested after he broke into a sex shop & usd a blow-up doll. He was chrgd with breaking & entering & entering.
Fell asleep listening to my iPod. Woke up with a headphone-cord tanline around my left nip. And no iPod. #beachfail
I just broke a wishbone. When it snapped a bone fragment whizzed directly into my eyeball. Unreal, yeah, thanks wishes, you b**ch.
Some people shine in lifes moments of darkness while others suck at writing back after you send them a "whats the plan for tonight" text.
There are some things you can't unsmell.
Just heard guy at coffeeshop tell his girlfriend he was "gonna go take a quick dumparonie." Should I stab or high 5 him?
The worst thing you can be is a liar... Okay fine, yes, the worst thing you can be is a Nazi, but THEN, number two is liar. Nazi 1, Liar 2.
When someone says "T.M.I." I write a detailed poem about my feelings, wrap it around a rock & beat them to death with it.
GUYS WAIT: Apparently Marc Anthony only divorced J. Lo the SINGER. He's still married to J. Lo the actress/dancer/fragrance.
Ever see a plane flying toward the moon & it looks like it's gonna hit it & then it does & the oceans boil & wolves take over?
From now on when a friend tells a bad joke, I'm gonna say "Cuba GOOD ONE, Jr!" Will people like me more now?
No. Who told you that? RT @BarackObama: Is it true that if a Jewish person eats 5 bananas, they can fly?
If any toddlers are reading this, please clean the boogers off your face. You look like a freaking idiot.
Can you imagine how hard you'd cry if someone told you your mom died while you were cutting onions?
Up next on the History Channel: The Battle of Some Fat White Guys Watching Paint Dry
I still say they would sell way more PT Cruisers if they would just put a ZZ Top logo on the side.
Why is 99% of all new country music just a celebration of human mediocrity?
Just took off my pants. I look pretty great.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they found someone who was less of a pain in the ass.
That'll do, Jamie Lee Curtis. I think we are all now sufficiently aware of how well and often you poop. Enough.
Remember, they're laughing with you, not at you. They're only pointing at you so you know who they're laughing with.
Q: Who's lying next to me licking his own butthole? A. Bill Pullman B. My dog C. Sir Anthony Hopkins
I’m in and out of my car a lot faster since I made Gary Busey the voice on my GPS system.
They’ve closed a major freeway here in LA and are calling it “Carmageddon.” I would’ve called it “The Carshank Redemption."
AM radio is the soundtrack to 100% of American suicides.
New England Journal of Medicine: Mocking people's twitter typos causes instant ass cancer.
The old man-iest thing a person can do is walk around town with one piece of fruit in a clear plastic bag.
Hey Airline, I will not pay $39 for 5 inches of extra leg room. But I would pay $39 to not sit next to a fat person or baby.
Is it just the oklahoma in me or does that show "teen mom" not seem out of the ordinary to anyone else?
freaking out when someone beside you stinks and you think its you.
Hey! Hot lady at Walmart! Look at me! i'm holding my pain in the ass child whilst picking up my wive's maxi pads and a box of Stouffer's lasagna! I'm sensitive!
Fact: No boss has ever questioned an employee who called in sick with diarrhea.
"If you line your Snuggie™ with trash bags, you can poop in it!"
Do you ever get nervous you'll drop your baby? Or throw it?
Whenever I hear the word "orientation" I imagine a fat white guy shuddering & morphing into a tiny Asian woman.
Have you ever imagined growing old with someone based solely on their Twitter picture & 1 or 2 quality fart tweets?
holy s*** i'm filled with blood
A dog made a wonderful donation to my shoes.
It's time for thick rubber cars that just bounce off of each other like basketballs.
I don't understand wearing PJ's on an airplane. What if you bumped into your idol or your arch enemy? Either way...not good.
You ever walk behind someone who is walking so slow you have to hold yourself back from stabbing ‘em?
Attention all stores, bars, and restaurants: If you play John Mayer, I'm calling the health department.
Attention DJs: Just calm down, alright? The reason you're the only one with that record isn't because it's super rare- it just sucks.
Can anyone recommend a movie in which a plus-sized man gets advice on romance from zoo animals?
Anyone can fake an orgasm during sex. I like to fake orgasms when I'm in a job interview or meeting someone's parents. Now that's exciting!
I don't care how many pictures of his dick Anthony Weiner sends to people- it's not going to bring Casey Anthony's baby back. Stop, Anthony!
This morning I experienced a torrential downpour in the Amazon rainforest if the Amazon rainforest = my butthole.
While I'm not big on LinkedIn being as pushy as someone trying to roofie my drink at a bar, it IS nice to feel wanted.
"There's a really creepy guy in white paint with a red nose & hideous clothes! Play with him, kids!" - How clowns started
I've just been through all five stages of grief at this DMV and, unfortunately, everyone is still alive.
Other than begging my dog to s*** I haven't spoken out loud yet today
I’m trying to decide which to see: “Bad Teacher,” “Horrible Bosses” or “Crappy Transformers.
The best/worst part about ladies is how not like dudes they are.
"Swag" is an annoying term, yes. But we'll get through it just like we got through, "All that and a bag of chips."
Being popular on Facebook is like sitting at the cool table in the cafeteria at a mental hospital.
Most people who ask for their salad dressing on the side drink it when you're not looking.
My dad's in town this weekend. Unfortunately he's part of the BodyWorlds exhibit.
Just saw a drunk guy wearing a Jeter shirt & yelling at cars like he had something to do with anything.
Why do parents put big dumb bows on their bald baby girls' heads? So they won't become lesbians or electricians?
Progressive's commercials seem to be getting progressively worse.
The people in commercials care about me & want to help.
I'm no scientist, but I'm pretty sure head rushes are ghosts finishing sex inside of you.
If I had a restaurant I'd call it "Spork".
Just saw a tranny driving a Hybrid and thought it was ironic.
“Real Housewives” is just professional wrestling for women, right?
About to teach this guy on his bike a hard life lesson with this cab door. Fifty more feet and...blammo!!!
How long after taking a Viagra do you have to wait to put on the clown costume?
Just did that thing where you pass out while trying to take a crap and then you wake up and the line for the bathroom is sooo long!
In "Marley and Me", the dog dies. There- just saved you a couple hours.
My first joke as a Mormon: Three Mormons walked into a bar. Then they walked out.
Just took a tour of Temple Square in Salt Lake City. Am now a Mormon. Changed my name to Braydon.
I violently love 20% of The Who's music & believe the other 80% should be gathered up & melted in a furnace.
How cute are gang members in their matching costumes?
Thank God Casey Anthony has another yr in prison to think about her terrible crime: LYING TO & MISLEADING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS!
I hope I get a new birthday suit today. Mine has gotten kind of baggy. Maybe a different color or some color might help.
Birthday cakes are just magnets for little kids fingers.
A humorous thing would be if Casey Anthony tried to find babysitting jobs to help cover her court costs. I mean, who would hire this woman?!
My nephew got his orange belt in tae kwon do today. Now their are two assassins in the family.
Las Vegas: where mullets come to breed.
Is Casey Anthony available for birthday parties now?
Some people never change. Like that homeless dude on the corner. I've seen him wear that same shirt three days in a row.
You have jewmouth RT @m---------- Why did the barbecue chip I just ate taste like halibut?
You know what that deceased person would have loved? Whatever I say they would have loved.
20 years ago, half the pics on my phone would have resulted in obscenity charges and boycotts by religious groups.
I have a date tomorrow night. Should I text him now to tell him how totally PMS I am or wait to tell him during dinner?
The key to success is to be ready for opportunity when it comes. Therefore, always carry a spoon in case ice cream shows up.
This guy at the green light keeps honking at me! I'm guessing it's because he wants to be my boyfriend, so I'll just wait.
If I tell a guy "I don't think I'm up your alley," I'm actually saying, "You might as well forget about getting up mine."
It's an ornithological process called scissoring RT @n-------- How do birds mate?
Can you get same-sex-married to yourself? I’m asking for a friend. Named “Shmonan.
100% of carnival workers are high on drugs. Have a great, safe summer.
Hey people trying to get pregnant, I just spoke to the Fire Marshall and Earth is at capacity. No more babies.
Whoever implied that u are going to lose if u bring a knife to gunfight clearly has never met a NINJA....:P
If the Eagles (the band) were less addicted to hair plugs, rogaine n toupees we'd all b able to laugh at them and call them the bald eagles.
My favorite part of Judy Moody and the No Bummer Summer was the middle aged guy sitting alone, giggling.
I'd like to drink less coffee but I don't want to murder my family with a hammer.
I wish I could press my face into your tweets & smell you.
That awkward moment when you realize your fart tickled your testicles
I need a girl whose strong, independent yet team player, patient & clever. So, basically a velociraptor or Spanish. Vestigial arms optional.
I like a girl with a little junk in her trunk. To be clear, not a big ass but small clumps of debris in her suitcase.
When I'm walking and I spit I don't turn my head to the side. Straight ahead regardless of wind conditions. #WhyImARebel
Good things come to those who wait, unless you were waiting for Transformers 3.
One good way to let people know you're elderly is to put a full size bandaid on a tiny scratch on your face.
Pumping up my junk to take Facebook video chat for a test drive!
A better name for the film "The Darjeeling Limited" would've been "Nose Train."
A few months before I joined Twitter, I saw a zebra get a boner at the San Diego Zoo. Wanted you guys to know.
Why do I feel guilty for liking Kid Rock?
Idea: jacket made of fruit leather. Stylish AND edible.
Hey @BarackObama it’s 25 minutes into my birthday. Still no call. Your phone broken again?
Oh cool- the guy next to me on this plane is eating Arby's. I'm starting to feel much better about running out of deodorant.
Just went for a killer run around Manhattan. Could have done without the ass slapping but otherwise it felt good out there.
Is a tattoo still considered a tramp stamp if it's on my lower back but then works its way all the way into my butt hole?
I can find inspiration in almost anything. Granted, it may be the inspiration to punch someone but it's still pretty powerful.
"Not in my backyard!" Wait--was someone trying to be gay in your backyard??
Weird: Jewz & Palestinians kill/die over land, yet they both litter like mofos #putthatcheetosbaganywhere
Six years ago Newscorp bought MySpace for $580 million. Last week they sold it for $35 million. Today I saw it on eBay for 88 bucks.
Facebook introduces video chat. Dudes introduce penises to women they barely know.
I wish everyone a safe & productive 5th of July Bar-B-Poo.
It may not be a popular opinion right now, but I still think it's wrong to kill babies.
Can I spank a teenager I don't know in public if they have a stupid ringtone?
If Americans gave 1/10th the attention to recent Supreme Court decisions, the justices would be tarred & feathered.
I would let Casey Anthony babysit my kids before I would let the U.S. Supreme Court notarize a grocery list.
Dear Florida, THANK YOU for freeing Casey! She's now available for partying and babysitting!
Going to go overnight camping in the cascades w/Walter. If I'm eaten, let it be by black bear or Jared from Subway.
I think Ex Lax should officiallly adopt 'Smooth Move, Ex Lax!' as its slogan.
At the worst 4th of July party. Only one hot chick and a bunch of screaming kids. Oh wait, I’m at home.
Just ordered the salmon at this restaurant. Apparently it comes with a side order of having to s*** your pants.
My dad is driving so slow right now he's upsetting the space-time continuum.
Shame on you, serial killers!
You guys, I am only wearing underwear RIGHT NOW!!!
When God closes a door, he opens a window. Then he closes the window, and opens the door. Then he closes the door again. He's kinda OCD.
How long before Casey Anthony is posing for Playboy? Countdown to the "Brunette Baby Killers" edition.
Yesterday was a good indicator of who's Pro-Baby and who isn't.
Don't text and drive. Unless you're good at it.
I always forget that people's avatars are pretty much the HOTTEST they've ever looked.
Divorce Settlements = Early Cancellation Fees
I was hoping for a guilty verdict and conjugal visits
Guys who drive with no shirt on are on their way to or from a stabbing.
"They make their kids do WHAT?!" - Hitler, hearing about "Toddlers & Tiaras"
Last night I had a dream I could point at the floor & say "piglet," & a piglet would appear. Not bad, huh?
"Look ma, no hands!" - Danny, age 9, who just had his hands torn off by an escalator
Amazing to me that people took MONEY they EARNED at their JOBS & spent it on Bon Jovi albums.
When you're really angry, instead of saying a filthy curse word, try yelling "Finnegan's Biscuits!" I find it quite satisfying.
Saw a police horse piss no less than 11 gallons in a parade today. I love America.
My friend Toby is a nurse & he says it would be illegal for me to call 911 because of my wife's farting.
My baby's skin is so soft. Not as soft as Yoda's scrotum probably, but soft nonetheless.
My dad says I can't light any fireworks in the backyard tomorrow. Fine- the basement it is! Kapow!! We're gonna be on the news!
There's a chipmunk in my dad's backyard right now. I have named him Little Raymond Chandler.
Do you add the gasoline to the firecrackers before or after you light them? Really don't want to screw this up.
We got sadam. We got bin laden. Now Waldo.
Spoiler Alert: Mr. Popper kills all those penguins...with a chainsaw
Can't sleep. It's either b/c of the spicy thai food I had 4 dinner or b/c I ran over that kid on his bike today. Probably the Thai food.
5 year old asked how many seconds until we leave for playground. Wife said "a bazillion". 5 year old left, counting. Is that child abuse?
I'm having a very high stakes poker game at my house tonight but we are not playing for cash, just souls.
I just got a bloody nose & ass at the same time.
Can't believe Michele Bachmann used taxpayer dollars to have her dogs' buttholes bleached
Never wrestle a panda. Nine times out of then, they will win and then the news will make you out to be a crazy person. It's bulls***.
Is Wales still England's bitch? Or does Kate Middleton have that covered now? #YanksvBrits
Does anyone know where I can get one of those foldy bicycles and also a beard?
I just finished a new screenplay called "The Postman Always Rings So Many Times I'm Honestly Starting to Lose My Mind." It's great.
I am seated in the exit row on this plane. The responsibility is really stressing me out.
Oh, cool- some dumb baby is crying.
Diet tip: counteract a diet high in salt with extra ice cream.
Just had a quick abortion: feel so much less bloated.
Babies will cry over nothing. So I like to make scary faces at them so they have a legit reason for all that drama.
Hey, guy I just saw flossing his teeth with his American Express card, are you seeing anyone?
You guys are so judgmental! Let he who hasn't googled chloroform and neck breaking and also murdered their child cast the first stone.
Happy birthday, America! Do what we do best: Cry in the fetal position. What? I'm the ONLY one who celebrates their birthday that way!?!
Yestereday we celebrated our independence from Britain—with firecrackers imported from China. #doomed
"Then Neal needed to get into my lane on the freeway but I cut him off." Big tough Guy recounting his day to his ugly wife.
Hey, if you're 20 minutes late, don't be showing up with a cup of coffee in your hand and claim traffic was bad.
I wish the government had a dad so he could slap the s*** out of them.
Gonna take a drive and catch up on some texting, tweeting and emailing. It's my only alone time!
Happy B-Day, America! What did I get you? How about 40% of my income, you tax-taking, greedy piece of s***!?
If I give you a piece of hard candy, don't just immediately start chewing it. That s*** is disrespectful.
Thing I keep saying to myself: "I am NOT going to watch iCarly today... I am NOT going to watch iCarly today..."
Watching depression medication commercials makes me depressed. I'm just glad herpes commercials don't have the same effect.
Drunk people always have wet chins
Is it me, or do people on Segway scooters look pre-wedgied?
I dated a hippie chick who worked for Human Rights Watch. Ironically, it was torture.
They say money can't buy happiness, but I'll take my chances.
In Los Angeles, they give you a free lap dog when you get breast implants!
Tim Geitner on job as Treasury Secretary: "I'm not going anywhere." High Unemployment Rate: "If he stays, I stay."
There`s a fine line between wearing makeup or just looking like you got gang banged by Crayola....
I'm wanted by the F.B.I my crime: being awesome!!!!
They should replace The Statue of Liberty’s book with an iPad so she can play Angry Birds.
These violent, bloody car wrecks that I cause are sure getting in the way of my texting.
When one door closes, another opens. Unless it's an Old West saloon door. Then it just sort of opens and closes a bunch.
there's a booger on my finger, and the more i roll it around into a little ball, the less it's going away ... something needs to be done.
Can anyone tell me why kids eat boogers?
I should have known my ex was a psycho when she showed up on our first date actually wearing a red flag.
Greatest part about being successful. Doing things you never thought possible. For instance, I just filled a super soaker with pudding.
Giving your kids a Presidents name is cool. Roosevelt for a girl. Lincoln for a boy. Taft-Hoover for a chubby cross dresser.
I'ma bout to go mid easel on this paintings ass.
I have such low self-esteem that I'm not the main character in my diary.
Still so thrilled gay people can get married in New York. Next, I think we should let them have driver's licenses.
Man next to to me just said into his phone "You caught me in the middle of a sandwich." He's lying. He is not in a sandwich.
My uncle hid the salami so well I only found it on my therapist's couch 20 years later.
Just out of curiosity, any tug boat captains out there?
When is one of my kids going to be invited to a “Build a Beer” workshop birthday party? #WakaWaka
Bedtime in my house involves so much screaming and crying. I’m surprised my kids can sleep through it.
Everybody loves a sore loser. They're so much more interesting than a humble winner, especially when they throw stuff around.
Wamt to twert, but keypoard too far awoy? Reacher-grabber allso dobles as reacher-typer!
WHO DOES NUMBER 2 WORK FOR?!?!?
Some baby was just trying to make baby faces at me and I was just like don't try that s*** with me, baby.
If I ever become homeless, I will change my name to Stinky. That way if anyone says I smell it will be like pouring water on a drowning man.
I am 99% sure someone put something in this sandwichahapsdfhapiooooooooooo;pu-q8e0t7=9uj99999adfq3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Was just writing up a list of people, places, and things that can go stuff themselves and ran out of goddamn paper.
Anyone ever thought about powering cities with puppy cuteness?! Cmon it's an amazing idea!
Oprah pubes? “@m--------------: What is Dr. Phil hiding in his mustache???
How do we know those judges on “The Voice” aren’t reading People magazine when their chairs are turned around?
I have the "My amateur guitar playing 15 year neighbor is learning how to play the blues" blues.
Sidewalk push-ups are the official exercise of the shirtless maniac.
Shake what your Mama gave ya'! (Assuming she gave you a warped image of your body and a belief in patriarchal society!)
I assume every text or DM I send to a woman will be read in a courtroom at some point.
Mitt Romney and Michelle Bachman are the couple you always get seated with at wedding receptions.
Why did the purple monkey in my closet just eat a crayon? Can some one please explain?
Wife's trying to make me feel guilty for asking the babysitter to pop my back zits. Hello, I pay her $6 an hour!
Got a pretty bad burn on my arm. I was putting a pie in the oven & my dad came up behind me & put a cigarette out on my arm.
People forget that Hitler also invented those subscription cards that fall out of magazines.
A cop just farted in front of me & my family at Wendy's & then shrugged & smiled at my wife.
If you want to trick someone into holding your hand, tell them you want to practice crossing the street together.
Pippa just asked if we could join the Mile High Club. But when I explained what it was, she just started crying. I hope this thing crashes.
Whenever I wake up from a nap on a plane, I like to scream to the person next to me "How long was I out for?! Ahh! You're not my daddy!!"
I am THIS close to putting on some pants.
What time does this parade start? Been stuck inside this cake for hours now. What was supposed to be a surprise is now just scaring me.
"Absorbent and yellow and porous is he," is a very good lyric. Thanks, Spongebob.
I hate those guys who walk around with a bird on their shoulder and act like it's no big deal. Screw you, bird guy- I've had it!!
Can anyone recommend a decent scooter-based romantic comedy I might go see in my spare time?
I hope the pretty girl I just saw on the subway is as happy as I am in the loving relationship I just created for us in my mind!
Being outside is the same thing as exercising, right?
Just realized Shia LaBeouf has every vowel in his name, which might be the most interesting thing about him.
There are not a lot of things in this world that scare me. That said, women who shave off their eyebrows & draw them back on are TERRIFYING.
If tattoos made people more interesting, then people with tattoos would be more interesting.
"Flipper Flapper underscore 76, is that you?" Me, seeing someone on the street that only know from twitter.
After 10:30 PM, Facebook turns into a pretty sketchy neighborhood.
Is it true there's a scene in the new Transformers movie where Kevin James transforms into a sofa?
Do you guys think I'm a good father/dancer?
Rebecca Black should sing a song about the day you discover that men lie and they just take what they want and forget you. Or Wednesday.
CSI Miami joke pitch: Burn victim named Patricia.  Caruso: "Anyone order the Patty Melt?" #sunglasses
I always put my money where my mouth is, it's easier than carrying a wallet.
Iran's favorite fashion TV show? "Say Death to the Dress."
There's more than one way to skin a cat, but people usually freak out and call the cops before you're done with the first.
Beyonce just called me. Psyche! She texted. Psyche! I'm watching Frasier re-runs. Real talk.
I don't have a racist bone in my body. But my cartilage does not care for Mexicans.
Quitting smoking is easy, I have done it a hundred times!
Just told my 2 year old neighbor Martin that bananas are poison.
Did you know that mailmen can arrest babies?
When someone says "At the end of the day…" I wrestle them to the ground & scream "WHAT ABOUT NOW, AT 2 O'CLOCK?"
It takes a village to raise a child, especially if the mom's Jewish & the dad's Italian, because those families are usually a mess.
"I don't regret destroying my earlobes with giant discs one bit!" - Rick, an impossible sci-fi character from the future I just made up
Some guy just asked me for my workout plan. OK buddy, why don't I "tell you" how to paint the Mona Lisa while we're at it?
A lot of men of my father's generation have a look I call "Vietnam Santa."
Okay New York, you've legalized gay marriage. Can you now please outlaw everybody peeing all over everything?
My computer has never - not once - whispered to me, "I love you."
Canned cat food smells like every bad thing all mixed together, including gonorrhea and racism.
You catch more flies with honey than vinegar? Awesome. Who the hell other than Bill Nye The Science Guy wants flies?
How many more pets do I have to adopt before my friends stop accusing me of drinking alone?
You say, "Partygirl." We hear, "Slut."
Couple at the table next to me in a restaurant are talking to each other. So rude. What happened to texting?
Quick Tip: People at Petco get upset if you repeatedly call yourself a Pet-ophile. Especially if your nephew is w/ you.
Having a girlfriend is like being at war: Long stretches of boredom followed by short bursts of extreme terror.
A lot of my friends are spelling at a 3rd grade level.
People say Lasik eye surgery is dangerous. So, having 2 pieces of glass a quarter inch away from your eyes all day is safe?
Nothing sadder than being on twitter, then opening twitter in another window.
At the park watching some kids play basketball. One 16 year old doesn't understand the concept of double dribble. I'm beginning to question our education system.
When someone unfollows me, it's probably because they left my page up & their cat walked on the keyboard & hit "unfollow?"
My car smells like if you were somehow able to get inside a potato.
Join me in fighting tyranny & people who call appetizers "apps!"
When I'm at a concert & the guitarist pulls out his 3rd guitar, I'm always like "We get the picture; you have a lot of guitars. Jeez."
No animals were harmed in the making of "Zookeeper," but 14 of the animals in it have committed suicide since shooting wrapped.
Just ordered a new lining for my sex canoe.
How do I tell my 3-day-old baby he's too young to wear a thong diaper?
If you've ever corrected someone's pronunciation of "Bon Iver" you deserve to be hit in the crotch with a wiffle ball.
Pippa says she wants the window seat because I don't "get" clouds. This woman is f#%king insane.
They're playing Sade on the plane while everyone's boarding. Gonna be hard to keep it in my pants before takeoff.
I honestly believe my s**t smells better than everybody else's.
Going to help my wife pick some stuff up. HUSBAND OF THE YEAR NOMINEE!
When a waiter asks if he can get me anything else I ask him for "my dignity" and also cry a little. Sometimes I get pie.
In Cars 3 we get to see the cars having sex.
Not even Clint Eastwood could make a Segway cop look badass.
If you want to know what it’s like to have a 4th kid. Just picture yourself drowning and someone hands you a 4th kid.
I'm really good at promptly responding to text messages. Pressing "Send", not so much.
My 6-day-old baby is now demanding "Baby Marriage." He burned his diaper.
What exactly is the difference between the movies "Friends w/ Benefits" or "No Strings Attached" and an issue of Maxim magazine?
Quick question: What wine do 8-day-old babies like? Mine rudely spat out the merlot I gave him this morning. #SnobBaby
The idea of camping is wonderful. The actuality of not going camping is better.
Does anybody know how many calories the dead skin on the bottom of my feet has? Thanks.
Tomorrow is less than an hour away in my time zone, so screw you Annie. Tomorrow is not always a day away.
People who call you back to make sure you "got their message" are the very reason "send to voicemail" was invented.
What I've surmised: Jews & Palestinians both see each other as Darth Vader & themselves as "Rudy"
Back in my day, we didn't need 5 Hour Energy Drink. We would smoke rock cocaine and get on with our day.
I just invented an app that turns your iPhone into a rectal thermometer: iRectum!
"I'm not on Facebook" is the new "I don't even own a TV."
What if Romeo & Juliet had cells & could text each other? Now that's a play I'd watch.
Matt Damon farts double rainbows.
Reality show idea: "So You Think You Can Crochet?"
Lord Voldemort declared his intent to seek the Republican nomination for President today. Too bad his birth certificate is from Azkaban.
Whenever Tom Hanks acts opposite Julia Roberts, an angel gets syphillis.
Don't tell anyone but I think Abercrombie & Fitch are... lovers!
Just discovered our 2-day-old baby is an immigrant. He doesn’t know any English AT ALL! I hope he’s not Al Qaeda...
Pippa says I snore. Well, guess what, Pippa- so do you. From your butt. This woman is impossible!
Sure, Pippa, I'll run out and get you ice cream. That's why I was lying here in bed with my eyes closed, because I felt like doing that.
Leave Roger Ebert alone! He's missing half his face!
Idea for boring graphic novel: vegan zombies.
If I could do it all over again, I'd probably marry Hef.
Just as I picked up 2 boxes of bagel bites, Eddie Money's "Two Tickets To Paradise" started playing in the grocery store. Bravo, Universe.
What's most incredible about the cast of "The Hills" is the shortgevity of their careers.
My neighbor just told me her mom or dog or something got hit by a car? She had a big booger in her nose, so I couldn't focus.
Instead of saying "Just Kidding!" I say "Just Pudding!" Then everyone's like "Yay, Pudding!" and we hug. It's a blast.
I'm worried my son thinks it's his fault my wife & I are divorcing. That's crazy. It's his sister's fault.
My dad did the best he could raising me, which wasn't that good since he was 1/2 man, 1/2 crow, 2 feet tall & made of acorns.
PRO TIP: Any hat can be a toilet.
My yard looks amazing! But it took forever to clean all the Smurf meat off my lawnmower's blades.
My gym membership was revoked today. Apparently the female members had nicknamed me "The Stare-Master (with a huge boner)"
Just wanted to check in & let you know your fear of basements is justified. There's a 60% chance you'll die in one, horribly.
Dear Baby Clothes Makers, Take it easy on all the snaps. Jeez.
I am convinced that people screaming "Get in the hole" really helps out these golfers.
A soulpatch is like a Corvette for your face.
If you think I'm not gonna see a movie about Julia Roberts & Tom Hanks riding around on a scooter, you're a HUGE Silly Billy.
Someday I would like to fill my apartment with adorable little ol' kitty cats. And move.
I am one follower away from 17,000. Next new follower will be mailed a sandwich and a pair of short pants.
Hipster beards need to be defeated more than Al Qaeda.
I hope everybody's learned their lesson from this: when sending pictures of your dick, use the good, old-fashioned U.S. Mail.
Anything can be considered a meal if you use a spoon to eat it. Here's looking at you, Hidden Valley Ranch dressing.
Every group of girlfriends has one unattractive girl. If you can't figure out which one is the dog in your group, forget I said anything.
Diarrhea that's the kind of bright red that isn't found anywhere in nature is nothing to worry about, right?
"I didn't ask where you were born, I asked why you were born." Me, at some point in the near future.
Letting a kid fly first class is like feeding human food to a dog.
After parties were created for people who aren't quick enough to seal the deal during the actual event.
That'll teach you, Weiner! Hope you like making millions of dollars as a pundit, author, consultant, and public speaker!
Alone on Father's Day. If somebody wants to give me their children for the day, that would be great.
Slogan idea for Q-Tips: "They're like dildos for your ears."
Whenever I see a mom pushing a stroller with an adorable little baby in it, I think, "Man, that baby is lazy as hell."
If the 5 second rule instead applied to things that come *out* of your mouth, there are a few "I love you's" that I'd have taken back.
Every time I almost think humanity is going to be okay, I catch a glimpse of Yahoo Answers.-
Eclipse gum: guaranteed to make your bad breath smell like minty bad breath!
Thanks to a typo, I now have a box of tee-shirts that say, “Aim for the feces.
12 year old me would be psyched about the amount of pubes I have now.
Google, I don't need you to tell me how quickly (.15 seconds) you found the results. Relax. You got the job.
People think they're the star of their movie, when really they're the villain.
College: Where cooties become a legitimate concern in the form of STD's
dear cute guy a table away in the restaurant, please do not judge me based on the dysfunctional way my family decides upon appetizers..
Today the glass is half full but I don't trust the water is filtered, the glass looks dirty & the person that served me is ugly.
2 weeks into potty training 3yr old. Hard to measure progress but the bathroom is looking less & less like a crime scene.
So @HughHefner is available again ladies. I would totally tap that 85 year old ass just 4 access 2 his smoking jacket collection!
I don't tan often, but when I do it's just the nuts.
Used car salesman + Stay Puft Marshmallow Man = Newt Gingrich
Please stop asking me to RT to cure diseases. I've tried it and it doesn't work.
Hugh Hefner's 24-year-old fiancee called off the wedding. He'll console himself by having sex with 3 other dumb blondes on a pile of money.
My Irishness tells me to seek vengeance. My Catholicism tells me that vengeance belongs only to the lord. So I stew.
Never trust a person with only one facebook photo.
highly mistaken... its more like come get me if you think you can handle me ;)”-you look like a slutty praying mantis.
Lebrons cars found on the side of the road in Miami after he ran out of gas. Strange since he still had 1 quarter left in the tank.
You assault & batter the English language. RT @chrisbrown: If your scared of death your scared of life!
Don't try & tell me trannies aren't magic.
Just snuck up behind my uncle & pulled his finger really hard, causing him to fart uncontrollably.
I don't mean to brag, but I'm pretty sure I'd be worth at least 50 cattle in some parts of the world.
Buttholes are the original scratch n' sniff.
I'm not saying don't eat at a place that has pictures of the food on their menu, I'm just saying wear a diaper when you do.
OK, think of a number. Add 7 to it. Divide it by 2. Point at it. Show it a picture of your father. Go to sleep. Omelette.
When I see someone pushing a dog in a stroller I understand why the news is filled with murder.
My friend's baby looks like a s**tty drawing of a baby.
Can anyone tell me how to remove duct tape from the eyes without pulling off the eyebrows? Asking for a friend.
Just had 2 thoughts during my massage. 1.I hope my body is not in an odd position when I die. 2.I don't think I've ever seen a live otter."
Sure he beat his wife, but Jason Kidd was the most likable wife beater on the floor tonight. Congrats to him and all who beat women.
Technology would be better if you could download sandwiches.
Apparently, people go to "sex rehab" because there isn't a "got busted being stupid rehab."
When someone says, "Let me play devil's advocate," I hear, "Watch me be a dick right now, it's gonna blow your mind!"
There's no "your" in "our" but there's an "our" in "your" (& also in "sour")
Feed a man a fish and he’ll eat for a day. Feed a fish a man and he’ll eat for like two and a half months.
Subway: The movie is called The Green Lantern & we need a sandwich tie-in. Um... avocados are green. Done!
Why is it ok for people to touch my wife’s pregnant belly but if I rub my gut on one stranger everyone wants me thrown out Dave & Busters?
Is there a reason why at formal events Prince William has to dress like Captain Crunch?
Baby is now 4 days past due date. Now I’m afraid he’s been warned by our other kids.
If you are ever approached by a guy with a knapsack and a bedroll, run- he is either a time traveler or is gonna ask to stay at your house.
Potential new slogan: "Put your dingle on a Pringle."
Every time my iPhone autocorrects "s***" to "shut" I tell it to go to he'll.
Women in Iran can't ride bikes b/c it could attract strangers. How bout poke men's eyes out instead?
Hey media, how about for a change you report some of the "sent a woman a picture of my dick" success stories?
A guy standing in front of his crying girlfriend is exactly as powerless as a girl standing in front of her smoking car.
A young girl dying from disease tweeted me. Her last wish is to get #whitepeoplefeetsmelllike trending. Help her.
Apple set to release a LeBron James iPhone: it only vibrates because it has no rings.
It's probably time for Congressman Weiner to resign. Hopefully we’ll get better behavior out of his replacement, Richard Penis.
The world's most-pierced woman has wed in Scotland. I'm told she had forty-five ringbearers.
LeBron to take his talents to Shut Your Mouth Beach.
CNN: Senate passes law making it illegal for white girls to say the word, "Swag."
If you want to avoid a sexting scandal, do what I do and send pics of other guys dicks w/ the caption, "Mine in similar."
I asked Lebron James for a dollar, he gave me $0.75 he just couldn't produce the fourth quarter
My new cell phone went hay wire and sent out dozens of old msgs. Maybe it was mad at me for putting it in my shoe during a movie?
No. Where did you hear that? RT @BarackObama: Is it true that Dutch women pee out of their boobs?
Why doesn't my wife believe that al Qaeda snuck in our room, ate a box of cookies, and rubbed crumbs in the bed & my beard?
If I could tear myself away from twitter I would totally confront my 5-year-old about his video game addiction.
Vampires. What if someone did a show about vampires?
If farts were twenty dollar bills, I'd be the richest man in North America!!
"I wouldn't want to be strip-searched in jail, but if I ever am, I hope it's by you" Me to a nice-looking correctional officer.
If I was a baseball player I would ask for pants that don't make me look I'm wearing an extra ass on my ass.
This scandal is effecting pop culture! Now when a guy shows his dick it's called a "Weiner"
God is Tweeting! I always suspected Jonah was swallowed by the Fail Whale. @TheTweetOfGod
Whenever I'm late for something and frantically looking for parking, I turn off my car stereo, as if that will help.
The ocean puts things in perspective. I was on Venice Beach today and it put into perspective how gross hippies are.
I have an earning disability.
My wife is such a bad cook, if we leave dental floss in the kitchen the roaches hang themselves.
My family was so poor that if I hadn't been born a boy, I wouldn't have had anything to play with.
My dog Jeff used to like it when we put glasses and a hat on him. He’d growl if we tried to take them off. #mypetisweird
A crotch photo was tweeted by Anthony Weiner. If you think that’s bad, you should see the pic sent by his aide, Gary Butthole.
I don't want to start trouble but Facebook just called Twitter a little bitch.
MAKE-A-WISH FOUNDATION REP: "So you just want a chubby Jewish girl to sit on your lap while you smell her hair for 5 hours?" ME: "Correct."
I'd rather get hit by a car than eat anchovies & then get hit by a car.
i got a rolex from the lesbians next door for my birthday. i think they misunderstood when i told them, ""i wanna watch""
The s***-eating grin in John Edwards's mugshot is everything that's wrong with America.
Just “made it rain” with Snoop Dogg. He tossed money in the air, and I seeded clouds until precipitation ensued.
CNN: Lil' Wayne runs out of skin on his own body to tattoo, buys inking rights to fat white dude for $110,000.
When I lose a follower, I just assume they went to the bathroom and will be right back.
i'm so hip your grand dad broke me.
Meeting with my family to discuss taking my dad off life support. RT @McDonalds: Happy Tuesday Tweeps! What's going on?
This may be my last tweet. Anne Geddes has surrounded my home & is demanding to photograph my baby. I will kill him first.
If you pay your electric bill in person in 2011, they give you a 1/2 hour massage & a Key lime pie. YOU CAN'T DISPROVE THIS.
Forgot to tell you guys: I had to pull my car over & puke in an alley last week because I ate too much free cheese at a meeting.
I think I only cried for like 3 full days after the scene with the jackets at the end of Brokeback Mountain.
Not sure what's harder to believe - Dallas comeback or the fact Honda thinks zombies will help sell civics.
Hugh Hefner: I just don't know where I'll find anyone else like her ever again. Friend: Have you checked your house?
I'm so gangster, I don't even report to Apple when Safari unexpectedly quits. Snitches get Stitches.
A blonde just texted me and asked ""what does idk stand for? "" i said "" i dont know"" she said ""omg! nobody does!""
Why plot a murder when you can use that time to plot a delicious dinner with the people in your life you don't want to kill?
Scientists should DNA mashup a shark, vulture, Chuck Norris & Albert Einstein to officially create the biggest mistake ever.
NEVER shake a baby. Unless you think it might have money in it.
SCREW YOU I JUST PUT A MITTEN IN MY GLOVE COMPARTMENT
Is it me or do "cigar bars" look like rape strategy rooms?
When God closes a door, He opens a window. When He closes a T.J. Maxx, He opens a Quizno's.
A lot of people don't know this, but I was raised by wolves that were made out of cotton candy. #justwokeupfromthecraziestdream
If your kid is old enough to talk, it's old enough to not cry near my head. Don't make me come over there!!
I don't care what anyone says- I still think a fauxhawk is a really great way to let people know you're not exactly crazy about rules.
Lying in bed, eating nuts. Things were supposed to be different.
My children's art no longer thrills me.
Sometimes it's good for me to unplug from Twitter and "get real" with my buddy Jeff, who I made out of cloth & a big squash.
Sometimes I regret bringing sexy back.
If you describe yourself as someone who "works hard & plays hard," I'm going to ask that you do both of those things far away from me.
Once you understand that your success doesn't depend upon the failure of others you'll become less of an asshole.
A drunk lady pointed at my face & said "Hey, you-- Mrs. JOKES" with a "you freaked my husband" cadence
To any politicians watching my show while having chat-sex, let me just say YOUR GRANDMA NAKED! YOUR GRANDMA NAKED! That'll teach you.
Hitting 'Refresh' is the new nail biting.
Taylor Swift wins best video at CMT Awards. BUT IT WILL NEVER MAKE UP FOR THE TIME THAT CRAZED CHUMP TOOK HER TROPHY!
If Morgan Freeman isn't around to perform my eulogy, I want Gilbert Gottfried as a back up plan.
Can I just drop it like it's luke warm? It's been a long day and I'm tired.
If you don't like one of my tweets, rearrange the letters into something you do like. I can't wipe your ass for you.
When someone apologizes because their dog is barking at me, I say, "It's okay; he just senses I'm going to kill him tonight."
I just ate 5 spoonfuls of peanut butter, but in a sense I didn't, because my wife didn't see it happen.
Hey politicians- Please don't tweet your meat!
R: "Who ate all the breadsticks?!" BREADSTICK BILLY: "Not me." R: "Who are you?" BREADSTICK BILLY: "My name is… Steven."
I just bought diapers & toilet paper because everybody in my family poops like a bunch of freakin animals.
People never believe me when I tell them my Kindergarten teacher's name was Bumblebee Dickfiddler.
A good thing to do while running is to try to fart on each person you pass. You might s*** your pants but you might learn something too.
Sometimes life is just like one great big shitty band photo- everybody's trying too hard and you can always pick out the drummer. Y'know?
Either I'm having a panic attack or I am about to birth the creature from "Alien" out of my chest.
I don't need an app to play Angry Birds. I just look at the bird crap all over the hood of my car and I get it. They're angry.
And somewhere a giant wheel is spun to find out what our next political disgrace/steroid scandal/celebrity meltdown will be.
Stop wearing cologne. The air has enough 2 deal w w/out man-perfume swirling all around in it's s***
People think hipsters are weak. But they have to be really strong to hold up those 15 pound eyeglasses they all wear.
Asian guys with blond hair: You're scaring the baby.
The only thing worse than someone who can't take a compliment is someone that can.
Ice-T is gonna be really upset when he finds out Coco's boobs are fake.
According to my nipples, it's freezing outside.
A giant alien robot took a s*** out the window of his spaceship while flying over the desert & we called it Las Vegas.
If someone is VERY white or VERY black, I assume they have magic powers.
Every time Roger Daltrey asks "Who Are You?" in "Who Are You?", scream your name until you start sobbing & puke.
Woman next to me on the plane has a big tattoo of a sewing machine. She must enjoy sewing more than us.
Just found out T.J. Maxx stands for "Ten Jews, Maxximum." Like, that's how many they allow in the store at a time. BOYCOTT.
Walter: Did you know butterflies vibrate south every winter. Me: You mean migrate? Walter: No they vibrate!
When my death comes, as it will, I hope they say of me, he was a douchebag just because nobody ever says "douchebag" at a funeral.
Don't get the almonds, Tim. Your body needs almond juices rich in beta-carotines!!! Tim, this is your tummy tweeting to you.
Whoever does PR for this "special place in hell" does such a good job. I hear about it all the time!
Guy yelling into his cell phone here at Starbucks is a lawyer, which is cute because I'll need one when I murder him if he doesn't shut up.
Shower, put on pretty dress, tear it all off in emergency run-to-the-bathroom diarrhea, repeat.
I think it would be fun to watch vegan college students rationalize eating roadkill during the Apocalypse.
"there's nothin I can say, it's a total eclipse of the heart..." There. Now you've got that s**tty song stuck in your head.
Someone suggested I eat a 'Dutch Baby'. I've had German baby before. Maybe Dutch is better, I don't know.
“Instead of waterboarding al-Qaeda prisoners why don’t we just feed them chocolate covered strawberries.”- Torture expert
Hey 30-year-old guys who ride BMX bikes, I wasn’t talking about the pros. Anyway it was a joke. I’m sorry. Don’t hit me w/ your lunch box.
Just explained to my 3 kids that the new baby will not mean I love them any less, but I will have to let one of them go.
I just came up with a new reality show. It's called "Pushing the Kardashians Into Oncoming Traffic." Who's with me?!
Granola, you are so delicious, they should call you "gra-YES-la." I RULE AT COMEDY!!!
Dear rappers there are enough songs about How strong your mother was.
I'm allergic to people with gluten allergies.
I prefer to have my affairs over Twitter because I usually can't last more than 140 characters.
I was just on Groupon, Having sex with your mother is a Featured Deal. (171 bought)
i'm going to take a picture of my firstborn and use age progression software to figure out what he'll look like when he's 16. then i'm going to frame the picture and keep it as a centerpiece in our house, something he'll grow up looking at. then when the appropriate time comes, and he realizes that the picture is of him, i'm going to try and convince him that he is a time traveler
Having some work done on my house - and yes, "making it so my doorbell plays the theme to Magnum PI" counts as home improvement.
If I were a woman, I'd be pro-choice mostly to get out of the baby showers.
Travel Tip: Always bring piano wire on flights so when the person in front of you puts their seat back, you can strangle 'em.
Fat people turn all jeans into skinny jeans.
Voicemails are like stepkids, dont leave me with one, and nor do I care about it...
My five year old girl:"Trick or treat, smell my feet, give me something good to eat. If you don't then I'll kick you in the face!"
Keith Stone may be smooth, but we're all in consensus that he's a pedophile, right?
I didn't mean to gain all this weight; it happened by snaccident.
Hey Bradley Cooper, I speak French too AND I don't MURDER WOMEN FOR SPORT.
This is going to sound like a generalization, but all people who drive white pickup trucks are rapists.
Tough guys who wear sunglasses on the back of their head are covering their "gay eyes" that are checking out other dudes' dongs.
I will pray for him. RT @s-------------: My friend Thomas has dreadlocks and hes white.
If he chooses you over call of duty, he loves you :) #boyfacts
Everytime I hold someone's baby, I whisper You aint shit into their ear.
Hey you guys, I just bought MySpace for 17k!
If a guy you don't like is a douche, then a woman you don't like should be a douchess
Ladies beware, DSK is no romantic Frenchman. You may think he's offering Coq Au Vin. He's really offering Cock in a Van
Double standard? Is media treating Weiner's wiener differently than they would treat Boehner's boner?
It's so embarrassing when I wrongly guess a kid's gender. Me “How old is he?” Parent “SHE is 23.” Me "Wow, lot of hair"
Just took a crap and then immediately had to take another crap. It's like "You're kidding, right?"
Mitt Romney looks like what I imagine the President of the United States looks like on any Disney Channel show.
A few animals were harmed during the writing of this tweet.
( )( ) ... Oh no! I think I just accidentally tweeted an emoticon of my ass! #ivebeenhacked
Shaq posted his official retirement from basketball via video. The date recorded was just prior to the start of the 2010 season.
"#Sagittarius - if you're dating an #Aries, and one of you starts bleeding from your eyes, CALL 911." #horoscopesareforidiots
"#Capricorns, don't be surprised when you get hungry. Just eat something. Then poop it out later." #horoscopesareforidiots
Giving the middle finger in a picture is about as punk rock as Avril Lavigne.
Why would I want to see a picture of your dog?
My new girdle is snake print, which is totally cool because now I know exactly what I'd look like if I were eaten by an anaconda.
When Nicholas Cage attempts a southern accent he sounds like a mentally handicapped Jabba the Hut.
I only eat the meat of animals that have personally tried to kill me.
people keep retweeting horoscopes. dumbest s*** in the world. "#Leos tend to put milk on their cereal." #wowaccurate
Gays are ruining marriage! Now if you'll excuse me, I need to review my prenup before I legally marry this hooker in Vegas.
Americans say "Favorite." Brits say "Favourite." Australians say "Favoouorite." South Africans say "Favea9iaoiyurite."
Whenever I pass kids who are sitting in 1st class as I board a plane, I ask them if they heard that Santa Claus was murdered.
Hey 2-year-old girls, you look stupid trying to walk up stairs in a long dress. Figure it out.
A good prank is to buy a cat from a pet store and then call the police on them for selling pussy. Everyone will get a good laugh out of it.
If I were that "genderless" baby they keep talking about in the news, I would just get it over with and whip my dick out already. Come on!
Sometimes I worry that Lady Gaga is just gonna go put tape on her face or something and we're just gonna have to accept it!
Sincere thanks to all soldiers and sailors. I would salute you, but when I do that it looks REALLY gay.
When the cat won't shut up at six o'clock in the morning, well, that's when it's time to start thinking about killing the cat.
The end of a yoga class is just lying on the floor and breathing. So I just do that for an hour and call it my workout. I WIN EXERCISE!
Snooki crashed into a cop car in Italy. That sucks, but as long as she didn't hit them with her genitals they should be okay.
Memorial Day cookout a wild success. I’ve lost count of all the weenies I’ve had in my backyard. Let me rephrase that.
When you use the term, "Frenemy," you become my "Enemy."
Ladies, men will stop leaving our socks everywhere as soon as you stop leaving your hair clips everywhere.
No it isn't. RT @BarackObama: It's totally safe to flush lightbulbs down the toilet.
There are 2 kinds of people in the world: people who refrigerate their apples & people who God cares about.
Too bad the Aurora Borealis are wasted on polar bears, Canadians, etc.
A funny thing is to have a dog wear shoes.
The streets of NYC are empty this morning, giving my cowboy outfit an even more dramatic effect.
Is gay autism a thing? If it is, I'm worried Justin Bieber has it.
I swear Michael Jordan has a Hitler mustache in the new Hanes commercial. Somebody back me up on this?
A compliment can really brighten a person's day so I like to say things like, "Nice boob job" or "I can barely see your zit." I'm a giver.
If someone in this CVS is following me on Twitter, please open up another register. My Flavor Ice Pops are melting.
Cankles are bad enough, but this girl had wrarms.
Awesome! The hotel I just checked into uses Pungent Unmistakeable Tobacco Scented Air Freshener in all their rooms!
CNN: Cell phones may cause cancer. Even worse: Not having one will paralyze you.
Texting someone, "Are you ready to take this to the sext level?" will never be answered with a "yes."
If I ever frown when I'm speaking to you, it's not because I'm angry with you; it's because I'm s***ting into my diaper.
Yikes; I hid my grandpa's donut cushion & he went into a total 'rrhoid rage.
How often do paramedics respond to a 911 call for cardiac arrest & arrive to find the deceased in a Snuggie?
Airports are my favorite place to have a fistfight with an old woman.
It's ironic that the original intention of the Douchebag was to do something positive for women's vaginas.
Heading to the park. Packed diapers, wipes, and juice boxes. I guess I should bring stuff for the kids too.
Adele would be sexy if she were mute, you monster. RT @knob_gobbler: I like Adele but you can't cover up fat with a pretty voice.
Didn't realize it until I grew up, but the cigarette burns my mom gave me are in the shape of a double swastika!
Inspired by X-Men First Class, more and mor franchises are being re-imagined with younger casts. Next up? "Twilight, Elementary School."
If pushups were puppies, my apartment would reek of piss right now. This is because I am incredible at fitness. And puppies are incontinent.
I can never remember- is it two pills three days a week or three pills twice a day. Labels...
See you later, Shaq. Whenever somebody misses a free throw, I will think of you.
Just watched my daughter perform Charlotte in her second grade class production of "Charlotte's Web." Meh.
Not to diminish the Holocaust, but folding laundry is worse.
Sarah Palin and Donald Trump met today in NYC to discuss their shared beliefs in racism, catchphrases and hair care.
When someone's apology is, "I'm sorry you feel that way," they're actually saying, "I couldn't be less sorry, but here, have some bulls***."
My baloney has a first name. It's Jeff. Think I need to switch brands.
With all the naked pics floating around, DMV photos will eventually be head to toe clothing optional.
You know who really hates Tweets about "Hunger Games?" Starving people.
Now there's fireworks and smoke and laser hearts and dancing and I am crying and hugging myself and FEELING SO GOOD! #neversaynever
In the 80's, baked potatoes were considered diet food. Also big in the 80's: AIDS.
Idea for America: all hipster army division. Uniform is regular army uniform plus ironic facial hair.
I was in a relationship so I could be miserable like everyone else.
Want to make a skinny girl freak out? Congratulate her on her pregnancy and ask if you can feel the little bump. Then just watch the magic.
I hear there's an evil peacock in Kung Fu Panda 2. Those kids movies are so unrealistic.
WORXHIBITIONIST: Person feverishly typing on their laptop at Starbucks, hoping people notice & think they're important.
It's called the "living room" because that's where we sit and watch people living on television.
Hey ppl w/ 3 names (Edward James Olmos, etc.) 2 names is plenty. I'm sick of wasting my time saying all your freakin names.
Dear Math, Please grow up and learn how to solve your own problems! I have my own to solve!
Bin Laden loved watching himself on TV, drank soda constantly & made videos of himself. Basically he was an American teenager.
Many people unfollowing me because I said I'd make out with a cop. THESE PEOPLE PUT THEIR LIVES ON THE LINE; THEY DESERVE AFFECTION!
A good way to let a girl know you're into her is to say, "Girl, I'm into you."
Babies must have extremely long bucket lists.
All Dogs Go to Heaven (If They Eat Chocolate)
Models poop Cinnabon.
My 2 year old just pooped in her pants at the grocery store. At least we have that in common.
Just did that thing where you accidentally s*** your pants and then everybody gets all mad and gets off the bus in a huff at the next stop.
Chaz Bono just before going under the knife: "Turn me into a man, a man who looks like he works at Best Buy in the audio visual department."
If you knew the ratio of who cares vs. who doesn't when people ask "How are you?" you'd never answer that question again.
Is this possible: Foot rub emergency
Product placement is so pervasive these days it makes me want to Doritos.
Some people on the train should wear signs around their neck that say "Pardon My Appearance."
CNN: The Hague to put the Kardashians on trial for Whore Crimes.
When someone says, "I think of you as family," I assume they're gonna scream at me for something that happened 15 years ago.
I'm looking for a 4 letter word which describes a woman and ends with "unt"............ ... ...... .. don't be so crude, I was looking for "Aunt"
Kim Kardashian's engagement ring cost $2 MILLION! That's a lot to pay for a cow when all of pro sports got the milk for free.
Just because it’s a birthday card for someone who works on the show doesn’t mean I’m going to waive my $25 autograph fee.
Oprah, thank-you for letting us make you a billionaire.
Instead of saying when pigs fly say when Justin bieber bits puberty
Giving a politician power and money is like giving whiskey and car keys to a teenage boy.
Cigarettes R alot like hamsters, Pefectly harmless, until u put 1 in your mouth & light it on fire.
Dear Cupcakes, The face that u cover yourselves up with icing says alot about ur self-esteem. Sincerely, Muffins
Dear Teachers, my hand isn't up, therefore, I don't know the answer. Sincerely students
Never say die. Say "dice." Otherwise people will know you play Dungeons & Dragons.
My Vietnamese neighbor Eddie said he'd teach me to "reverse fart" if I rake his yard. He's maybe 70? I'm gonna do it.
I just made it smell like an Egg McMuffin in Sephora.
I find the former Governor's new nickname, "The Sperminator" to be offensive, crass, disgusting, sad, obvious & hysterical.
Whenever I see one of those RVs with the word PROWLER on the side in big 70s bubble letters, I think it's filled with child molesters.
Hey, Dominos Pizza, gotta question. So after I rate your food directly on the box do you review the results from my garbage can?
I would think it was best to never offer a girl whose just had an abortion baby back ribs.
My whole life I've never blamed anyone else for my problems. I tried it recently. Ahhh... sooo much better this way.
"trust me, people will remember my name forever." - anonymous.
Idea to fix world hunger -- Olive Garden has "unlimited breadsticks" for like five dollars. Your move, Oprah.
I'm telling myself that the thing I ran over earlier was just a bunch of hams that were wrapped in a coat for some reason.
If I were a Kardashian, I would be Kikoo the developmentally disabled one who lives in the pool house & makes designer drool bibs.
Winner! I put on more weight than my wife during this pregnancy. Just another thing I'm better at.
Coffee shop I just went to alerted me to their "no laptop" policy, so I was forced to alert them to my suck my balls policy.
Just realized my underpants have been on backwards all day. Life, right?
In the future, there will be naked pictures of everybody. It's gonna be nuts.
I miss both Oprah and Osama. Is there a way to pair them up for something?
The most horrible thing that could ever happen just happened: my hotel toilet overflowed, containing one of my beefy turds.
Sulphur springs are the earth sharting.
One day I would like to become a thief who only steals delicious baked goods. How can you stay mad at a guy like that?
If I ever become a grandmother, I will say "Grandma needs her medicine!" and then drink every damn thing in the house.
I'm bringing sexy back...behind the barn. You know- for intercourse.
What is it about love that makes people always call the cops on me?
IMPORTANT UPDATE!!! HE WENT TO THE BATHROOM!!! TOOK CUP!!! #livetweetingasianguynexttomeonAAflight19JFKtoLAX
If you're ever in doubt, the correct translation of "It's not you, it's me" is "It's totally you but I'm a chickens***."
New word: "Shleazy" It means "sleazy"
Does anyone know how to get chocolate milk out of an iPad?
Jada Pinkett-Smith thinks we like her.
I was attempting to text the word "Barbie" and my predictive text spit out "carcinogenic". Coincidence? I think not!
Don't shoot the messenger. Unless his message is that he's going to stab you next week.
Probably the worst person in the world would be a baby with a hangover.
I let my wife call the shots on dumb s*** like money & our daughter, but when it comes to pizza toppings I'm "El Presidente."
It's a HUGE power move in a negotiation to eat the other party's telephone.
Is there a groupon for mass suicide?
When cats drink out of the toilet instead of their water bowl it's because they're part German.
How are Jennifer Anniston haircuts still front page news! Someone should shave her head in her sleep.
If kids screaming and jumping up & down were a cure for a hangover, I’d feel great right now.
Anyone wanna buy 6 million “5/21/11! Who Let The Rapture Out?” t-shirts?
Sometimes I wonder how the Royal newlyweds are doing. Just kidding. I’m not that empty.
Is there anything gayer than ultimate fighting? Seriously- how badly do these guys just want to make out with each other? Get a room!
IMPORTANT!!! IMPORTANT!!! IMPORTANT!!! MINI WHEATS ARE DELICIOUS!!!
What's so great about baseball season is that I know there are three hours a day that are going to annoy the s*** out of my wife.
Just want to give a quick shout-out to tits.
Sometimes the mere act of restraint in not attempting to flick someone's "soul patch" off their face can be considered a personal victory.
Is it a stoned one today in Roma today? RT @riggirobot It's a hot one today in Roma today.
In most circles, It's wrong to judge people by their race, religion, or sex. But their taste in clothing & music? Judge away!
Some days you feel a bit foolish. Some days you regret. But when you do, remember that somewhere out there, there is someone who sold their stock in Apple Macintosh in the 90's.
It would be fun to make a casserole out of people who create advertising aimed at children.
Just watched an Asian toddler make a fully functional iPhone out of a piece of cheese and some copper.
I could easily have a fatal embolism due to how angry I get when I see a grown man expressing himself through fashion.
You can train a pigeon to babysit a human baby if you cover the baby in hay & trash & bread & stuff.
So this is awful: met a guy today who'd lost his family in a fire or something? Anyway; he wasn't following me on Twitter.
A funny rapture prank is to set your roommate's bed on fire while they're asleep. They will be so mad at first but will then laugh mostly.
Another good rapture prank is to dress up like all your roommate's dead relatives and then throw him a surprise party at midnight.
Just took a crap at this gym that was so extreme they had to call in a SWAT team.
Just walked past a guy with a tattoo of barbed wire around his bicep. Now I've seen everything.
Spanish is a good language because it has the word "muchachos."
Jimmy, I was lying before to protect my feelings, I do care that you cracked corn... I DO care.
This tweet is only for people wearing stilts: you're not fooling anybody.
I'd think the "Deadliest Catch" is something you get when you're "Keeping Up With the Kardashians."
Hmm. This flame-retardant #Rapture suit i bought off the guy at Pico and La Cienaga looks an awful lot like long-johns.
When someone says "I didn't come here to make friends" I say "But you did anyway" and hug them. Then they always cry.
Would have been awesome if we filled a bunch of blow-up dolls with helium and let them loose on saturday...
Just found out that on the final episode of Oprah, she chops somebody's head off.
Gwenyth Paltrow rapping makes me long for the day when rappers used to shoot each other.
Look, if we're at Starbucks and I say "it's on me," don't be ordering no Venti.
In light of this Lance Armstrong thing, I'd like to confess that I saw Dave Chappelle smoke weed during 'Chappelle's Show.'
Just stole $$$ from my 12 year olds piggy bank to buy some lottery tickets. I'm either an asshole or a local news hero in under 24 hours.
The absolute fastest way to get over a man is to comfortably get under another one.
I'd run, but I'm afraid the friction from my thighs will start my panties on fire.
The only thing that's ending today on 5/21/11.. is the smile on your face when u realize your still stuck on this earth..
Texting wghie driving is easy, I don't know what the big
Every time a celebrity posts an "inspirational" tweet, they should be forced to drink a pint of their signature perfume.
We are expecting our 4th child in June or as I refer to it bankruptcy.
Halfway through this bowl of soup and still haven't touched the spoon. I am owning this s***.
The barkier the dog, the better the crimesolving skills. That's just science.
Whoa. At least buy me a drink first, lady.RT @KateAMoss Trying to explain why I love you is like trying to explain colors to a blind person.
Wheats, okay. Mini Wheats, fine. MINI Mini Wheats? I don't how to feel anymore.
All joking aside, I would eat a cat.
In photos when a celebrity is pointing at the regular guy in the picture I always think the celebrity is being an a**hole.
Most of us are in our own personal hell anyway, so bottom-line it: After the Rapture, will we still be able to watch TV?
I'm not a competitive eater unless someone orders French fries "for the table."
A mysterious bat-killing fungus is spreading across the US and Canada. I'm sorry, but this time you've gone too far, Joker!
We need guns in stadiums. Sometimes they're the only way to convince a persistent mascot that you don't want to do the chicken dance.
When I die, at the eulogy I want my boxing coach to walk up to coffin, and begin: "One! two! three! four! Five! Six! He's not getting up!"
You know you're fat if you can't get through the doggie door, and hve to call 911, and explain why u didn't use the whole door.
Outbreak of horse herpes in 4 states! Goldblum!
Evil scientists are combining the 2 most annoying people on earth to form 1 supremely-annoying being named Robin Will.i.am.s.
You know you're fat when you have a pot-back.
When someone rings the doorbell, why do dogs always assume it’s for them?
One day your princess will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost and was too stubborn to ask for directions.
I absolutely think it would be okay to put people who snap their gum into concentration camps.
Even more disturbing is that Arnold made his housekeeper wear the animatronic "Kuato" costume while he impregnated her.
In a breathtaking synthesis of efficiency & depression, my pants are now doubling as a toilet.
He loves her & was afraid for her safety. RT @chrisbrown: Just took a picture with a woman fan and her man was super mad!
Jay Leno screws his cars, right?
Dwight and Bin Laden have a lot in common- they both thought that a tractor with sword blades would make an excellent killing machine. #FACT
I always thought the universe would explode if The Rock and Vin Diesel were ever in the same movie together.
Help- Arnold Schwarzenner just broke into my apartment and started having intercourse with my cleaning lady. Real piece of work this guy.
Baseball's the only sport where the players regularly throw things at the crowd.
It would be better if instead of saying "no offense," people would say "Hi! I'm an a**hole."
From the outside, some Korean funeral homes look just like Korean massage parlors. My sincerest apologies to the entire Myong family.
If we change the meaning of waterboarding to "pouring PUPPIES over a captive's face," then history will look back on all of this and smile.
"When a stranger friends you on FB & their picture is of 2 people, It's always the less hot one who friended you." T.S. Elliot
The only thing between you & me is &
"12 string guitars only have 6 extra strings, but they’re 85 TIMES as likely to be used in a song about wizards."
I feel bad for the women who won't get to see "Bridesmaids" because they committed suicide after seeing "The Social Network."
It takes fewer muscles to smile than it does to frown, so give the fat people you care about lots of bad news.
I wish "Death by Chocolate" was a real thing and not just a cake. I picture it as pouring molten fudge into a persons lungs with a funnel.
Head of the International Monetary Fund arrested for sexual assault. I assume it's for raping the world economy.
Do you believe in alien abduction? Why would you want to steal a Mexican
Just got selected for additional screening at airport security. Told them about the Bin Laden thing. Still made me take off pants.
My daughter was born eight years ago today. One of these days, I have to figure out a way to tell my wife about her.
Just as a pick-me-up heading into the weekend, can we kill Bin Laden again?
Just jammed a Crazy Straw up my urethra and took a piss. Painful as hell but totally worth it.
Has anyone seen my human shield?
The new, chic, term for fat people is "Foodies." And my Uncle Mike doesn't have a gambling problem, he's just a "Horsie."
If the person you're dating ends things but asks if you can still be "friends" tell them: "Of course! Just not with each other."
I like a woman who wears glasses because it's like there are tiny frames around the artwork of her eyes. Plus: tits.
Heard that 3 people who unfollowed me last week got eaten by lions or died in a fire or something.
Just told my wife the stain on my shirt was "s***," since that's less embarrassing than the truth, which is "secret car ice cream."
I just discovered that I can power all my appliances with the perkiness of that girl in the Progressive Insurance commercials.
A study says the elderly are getting too many colonoscopies. That's according to the doctors who have to perform them.
I'm 100% against animal cruelty. Nothing makes me sadder than when my dog makes fun of me.
Chicago's naming a street after Oprah. Cops can now say "YOU'RE getting a ticket! And YOU'RE getting a ticket! Everyone's getting a ticket!"
If you're gonna get a face tattoo, get a batman mask.
If cats actually let us give them baths, we wouldn't have to worry about cleaning up their weekly gifts.
Guys, at what point do they stop being skinny jeans and start being pantyhose?
Eating ice cream and chips cures allergies, right?
Bristol Palin had "corrective jaw surgery." If only Sarah would consider one that would stop her jaw from moving at all.
Telling someone they should just stop emotional eating is a great way to earn yourself an emotional beating.
If I were on a crashing airplane, I'd feel extra sad if my last meal had been Sbarro.
On the next episode of Glee: the kids bust out their version of "Born Gayer Than a Sweet-Smelling Jockstrap"
Breastfeeding is the most nutritionally complete way to freak out your kid when you tell him you used to cram your boob in his mouth.
My high school reunion is coming up. I think I can still fit into my old sense of inferiority.
Audrina Patridge & Lindsay Lohan are competing to be the oldest looking woman under 27. Best of luck to them both.
Newt Gingrich looks like the Pillsbury Doughboy's creepy-ass Uncle.
Women in their 20s think they can change guys + fail at it. Women in their 30s know they can't change guys. But try anyway.
In most cities, you can drink until 2 AM. In New York, you can drink until you die.
I got the strangest looks tonight, while eating Oreo's at the Gym.
My room is not messy; it is an obstacle course designed to keep me fit.
My favorite Pearl Jam song is the one where Eddie Vedder growls out "Yeeeaaaauuhhh".
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver are getting a divorce? STEROID SPANKING PARTIES!!!
Guys, recently I #FFd a "friend" of mine. Today she posted a picture of her VERY ugly daughter. I blocked/reported her. I'm so sorry.
I had some spaghetti for lunch today that was SO GOOD I had to go outside & attack a traffic cop.
Everytime u check into a hotel, stare at the clerk & say "I want the haunted room".
Sometimes I just want to wrestle Justin Bieber to the ground and have him tell me all his secrets.
Holy s***- we're all going to die. Not sure when. Just sayin'.
The Rapture on Saturday is a hip-hop festival, yes?
If Lance Armstrong gets convicted of doping, I'll still wear my LIVE STRONG bracelet. I'll just cross out the V.
I have to go shopping Friday night...I heard the end on the world is Saturday and Jesus is gonna return...I would hate to be rude and not have any snacks to offer the big guy..What do you offer Jesus as a snack?...I bet he's a Cheeto's guy.
I lied to my dog when he saw other hairs, "I just threw him the ball, I swear." And...cats are whores!" Forgive me, I made a mistake.
Bin Laden had 7 wives, 22 kids...? Arnold....6 kids, 1wife? We are really losing the war on terror.
Just heard a homeless guy blasting Stone Temple Pilots on his radio, proving that listening to Stone Temple Pilots leads to homelessness.
Just snipped off a toddler's faux-hawk while his mommy was in the bathroom at Starbucks, cuz I give a shit about the future.
Funny how “Congrats” always sounds like “You’re crazy” after you tell someone you are about to have your 4th child.
Whenever someone tells me they are a DJ I always think, “I have an iPhone too”.
I just opened a pop-up store...in my pants.
I wonder what the inside of my nose smells like.
"Parkinson's" is a way better name than what it was 1st called in the 70s- "Involuntary Boogie Party"
I hate holding my wife’s purse when she’s buying shoes, especially when she’s buying them on Zappos.
Just argued with my wife for 20 minutes that the bad guy's name in "The Lion King" is "Slit." It's not.
My dad told me not to walk around the grocery store with my pants undone. I say screw his bulls*** rules.
Has anyone ever noticed how you never see me and Beyonce in the same place at the same time?
The slogan "America runs on Dunkin'" pretty much sums up where we are as a country.
Way to improve hugs: aim for the butt.
Why does Exxon have commercials? Does anybody see one and think, "I should buy more Exxon products?"
I think it's adorable when people assume I'm interested in anything they have to say before I've had my coffee.
Technology doesn't make us dumb. It just allows us to make others aware of how dumb we are.
1. Pet a horse. 2. Wear a velour shirt. 3. Try a plum. #sadbucketlist
Can’t wait to try out my new Saran Wrap Speedo at the company sexual harassment seminar.
My son asked me where babies come from, and to distract him I said "some day we're all going to die."
The last known Galapagos tortoise is seeking a mate. You're in luck, Mitch McConnell.
Kadhaffi to NATO: "I live in a place where you cannot kill me, in the hearts of the millions." NATO PREPS TO KILL MILLIONS.
Say what you want, but I still say Listerine freshens your breath better than Scope. Gets you drunker faster too.
The best thing about carrying a guitar through an airport is having people jokingly ask if you are going to play for them. Funny every time.
If anybody wishes to unfollow, fair warning: I will probably make some cringe-inducing comments soon. Chocolate AIDS milk?
I am in pajamas pants. My wife is sending me out to buy her ice cream. No, she's not pregnant. She's just annoying.
When you click that facebook link to see who's viewing your profile and then it spams all of your friends? You've confirmed you're an idiot.
Before you get too confident, remember: Your dad came you.
If you see only one hilarious movie about wacky bridesmaids this week, make it “Thor.
If I send you a text with misspelled words, it's because I don't respect your spelling skills & assumed you wouldn't notice.
Hey, me and my buddy extended the Mayan calendar to 2017. He's Pakistani, but looks Mexican, so it should work.
I love cornbread. Not as much as the woman next to me who has "CORNBREAD" tattooed on her arm. But I love it nonetheless.
Just woke my daughter up from a nap wearing my Willem Dafoe mask & she won't stop screaming. Guess she's not a fan?
The other mommies with strollers look at me funny for bringing my lawnmower to the playground. Believe me, I miss my real baby.
In reality, Cruella de Vil is a hero, because Dalmatians are crazy inbred weirdo dogs.
Some f@#kin' baby is outside my window all like "Ahhlalalaaaraaahh!" really loud. It's like enough already, f@#kin' baby!
Oh no, I think my Down Syndrome is flaring up again.
"At least we're all still alive, dumb***es." - What the Monkees think when they think about the Beatles.
You had the "weirdest dream last night?" Guess what? Thinking that anybody actually wants to hear about it is even weirder!
Some days we're the angry birds being hurled at pigs. And some days we're the pigs being attacked by angry birds.
Things I can't explain: 1. The sudden appearance of post-rain snails 2. Snails
Hey, teenage girls, don't get pregnant. Unless you want your own TV show.
So I'm pretty sure my 5 year old smoked crack today, and my 2 year old is experiencing "roid rage" type symptoms.
Whenever I see an infant I get up in it's grill and say "Don't be such a f-in baby!"
Why is it ok to pee in the shower but NOT ok to-- oh, wait... Nevermind. #thinkingthingsthrough
A dog helped in the raid on the Osama compound. Was it Scooby-Doo? “Rake rat Rosama!
Does anyone know how to open the trunk of a car from the inside? Asking for a friend.
If you get a tattoo on your face you can pretty much guarantee you are no longer anyone's emergency contact.
Dear Al Qaeda dooders, You guys realize the 70 virgins u get in heaven are in hell, right?
I hate tentative, stiff huggers. If you freakin hug me, I want a writhing, full-body meat-press.
I mean this in the nicest way, but if The Big Lebowski is even in your Top 50 Films, you should have your genitals melted off.
It's been about 30 years since I stood on the sink & looked at my butthole in my parents' bathroom mirror. Here's to 30 more!
Describing an erotic fantasy involving a Jeff Dunham puppet will make your therapist raise her price. Trust me.
Der Tzitung’s “Swimsuit Edition” is really great. So many pictures of pretty beaches!
Best part about twitter & facebook is that nobody can force me to hear some crap song on the background of their page.
this morning there was ants all over my counter in the kitchen, I killed them all except one so he could go back tell his friends I'm serious about no ants in my house!
How do oysters go having them little oyster babies? You almost never see oysters having intercourse, no matter how long you watch them.
Concept idea for waterslide: "You ARE the poo!"
For the record, you're not "fashionably late." You're "being an a**hole."
In certain Eastern cultures, it's considered a grave insult to s*** all over the floor in someone's home.
I was gonna pump iron tonight but then I thought "Does a rose need to wear perfume?"
The worst thing about working with a nine year old is that she doesn't get any of my 9/11 jokes.
Can we stop ragging on people with face tattoos? No? Yeah, ok, you're totally right.
How so many people can screw up the name of a terrorist hunted for a decade is beyond me. Yomama Vin Lauer is dead. Let's move on.
Today I am just going to just try to be the best me I can be. Not sure what I am going to do after that, maybe get a sandwich or some s***.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Or, as our forefathers called it: "The Day We Drink to Forget About Star Wars Day."
"Jesse James Says Kat Von D Better in Bed Than Sandra Bullock." ...but it's hard to compare apples to herpes.
Children's laughter? Nails on a chalkboard.
Sent my son to school with a rancid tuna sandwich for lunch. Happy Stinko de Mayo, lil bugga!
There's no eye in "Osama."
Pot is a gateway drug. But the gateway is cluttered with gallons of ice cream & stacks of pizza, so it's hard to pass through.
My dog is more of a "man's best friend with benefits."
Look, I pay taxes; I should be able to take a nap in a freakin ambulance if I want to.
An Amish community is in trouble because their outhouse is leaking into the public water supply. Quilt your way out of this one, beardy!
I'd rather go to a friend's funeral on a Tuesday than ruin my Saturday with their wedding.
Happy Mother's Day, moms! (If you're not a mom but would like to be, contact me for details)
Rather than telling your kids Santa isn't real, just tell them he died. It's a more useful life lesson.
People say "Twitter's shown me women can be funny." I always knew they were funny. Jews being funny, however: nice surprise.
Does anyone else have a feeling that Pakistan knows where the Hamburglar is?
My toilet just overflowed, so now I know what the tsunami victims must have gone through.
The Kentucky Derby must really confuse Michael Vick.
I'm going to be the first person to walk on the sun...I know wat ur thinking an I've got it all figured out...I'm going at nite
I told this chick she drew her eyebrows on too high...she looked at me really surprised
If you are a single 37 year old woman please refrain from getting wasted with your "girlfriends" & screaming at the table next to me #growup
Waldo darted his eyes nervously through the crowd. He knew he was the most wanted man in the world again.
My cat gravely wounded a baby finch. I had to finish it with a shovel. Happy mother's day
New Bin Laden drink recipe: 2 shots and a splash of water.
Time heals all wounds. Except bullet and deep stab.
How is it I have the kids on every drinking holiday? Seems my ex is quite tricky.
I think my palate has really matured in the past few years... I've switched from jelly to jam on my pb&j's.
Noticed that as you get older, the sounds your butt makes, makes a gradual change. You start off in your younger years sounding like a saxophone. In your thirties, a trumpett. Forties a Trombone. Through careful calculation......looks like TUBA is coming sooner than later.
When I was little, I would burn ants with a magnifying glass. But now that I'm older, I'm more of a cat guy.
When my girlfriend cooks dinner, I'm happy to do the dishes. Because I make her wash dishes when I take her to a restaurant.
I don't know what to do. I have a friend in Japan. And he actually owes me ten bucks.
Some Muslim kid is going to find one hell of a sea shell tomorrow.
The last thing the wise man said to me was - "Help! I'm drowning." I never knew what he meant by that. He was so wise.
I can talk to animals. They don't talk back but the stuff I say to them is still really cool.
Let the record show that when we raided Bin Laden's compound, the Doobie Brothers were cranking at FULL BLAST.
Just learned how to make trumpet sounds with my butt.
With the Target gift card that I won at work, I bought some pants to wear while at work. Oh...I see what they did there...
Effective immediately, Money will now be referred to as PUDDIN'. Please use this or I will stab you and take all your puddin'. #puddin
Did any Alabama jails get hit by the tornado? I'm just curious how well Antoine Dodson had to hide.
My daughter: "When I grow up, I want to gamble." Me to her: "Just skip your pill once in a while." She didn't get it.
My ex-boyfriend never noticed that I used his toothbrush nor did he notice how clean my dog's teeth looked. :(
Sometimes I take the bus instead of drive because there aren't usually 11 hot Mexican chicks in my car.
Obama won't release Bin Laden death photo. He's saving it for his 2012 re-election posters.
Happy Star Wars Day. May the fourth....be with you
I think I have pretty nice nipples for a guy. Not bragging, just stating a fact.
Business idea. Name for a beverage and candy store: "Milk, Milk, Lemonade, round the corner fudge is made, Inc."
Was partying on my jetski and found Osama's body floating. Just invented the first Osama Bin JumpRamp.
I've got an iMac, iPad, iPhone, iPod mini & iPod shuffle. If only they could fit inside each other. iKrainian Nesting Dolls?
Just ran out of Lucky Charms. The world is bulls***.
Why do guys with homemade face tattoos fall asleep in public so much more than other people?
Would it be confusing if I changed my name to Iman? Please tell me now before I finish filling out all this paperwork.
I'm bored. Is there another bats*** insane terrorist we can take out today?
My plan to solve the oil crisis: 1) Reincarnate dinosaurs 2) Slaughter all reincarnated dinosaurs 3) wait 7 million years 4) Free Oil!
CIA says Osama was addicted to Coke and Pepsi. Obviously Bin Laden loved anything that murdered far more Americans than Al Queda ever could.
My bad guys, that wasn't Osama it was just Joaquin Phoenix. FAIL
I just found the best naked picture of my ex. Someone's gonna get a shocking Elf Yourself this holiday season.
I just spilled an entire glass of water on myself. Saddest wet t-shirt contest ever. Good news is I won.
Osama Bin Laden's demise finally comes after stupidly activating his iPhones FIND MY PHONE feature. #OLB
The only way the death of Osama Bin Laden could be any sweeter is if the ammo used to shoot him was hollow tipped jellybeans.
Yes! We found him and killed him! You thought you could hide from us? From me and my mom? Under the desk? Nope! You're dead, spider!
True story: Bin Laden was caught while watching "Real Housewives of Islamabad" on an 80" plasma.
Now that bin Laden's dead, I kind of hope OJ breaks out of jail and starts a ninja army.
$50 says Michelle Obama got pregnant last night.
The worst is when you wash your hands & there's no paper towels & rabid dogs kill everyone you love.
It's crazy how the whole world can change over the course of one weekend. I still can't believe Mariah Carey had twins.
Despite recent events, Al-Queda's future is still brighter than "Two and a Half Men's."
Obesity is terrible thing. But on the plus side, it did force Alec Baldwin to do TV.
Dear Diary- Life is great in Pakistan...been here for years and the Imperialist Pig Dogs haven't found me. Hold on there is a strange Dominos Pizza guy at the door....
Did America forget what happened last time they buried a super villain at sea? Megatron/Bin Laden 2012.
And then it hit me... For years we have had the "#2", "drop a deuce", "talk to a man about a dog" and "drop the kids off by the pool". NOW I proudly introduce... "Hey guys, brb I gotta go bury a Bin Laden."
? Saddam Hussein, ? Osama Bin Laden, ? Justin Bieber.
 Silly Osama, you never should have downloaded 4square.
The Bin Laden retaliation has already started. Someone wrote Princess on the back of my car
Osama wins "hide and seek" world champion. Well done sir.
Famous Last Words: "Today, I think I'll rock my HELLO KITTY turban." - Osama Bin Laden
Just told a hot dog vendor I heard his wieners are tasty. Then I just ran away. It was awesome.
Thought it would be a good idea to make a list of everything I've learned on Facebook. Then I laughed and laughed until I cried.
Yes! Finally beat Bin Laden at Words with Friends. Wats up now bitch?
Just wondering..., So what is Princess Kate's last name now???
I wouldn't have thought Princess Kate could have postponed the Endeavor launch, but I wouldn't have thought OJ would go free either.
The history teacher who failed me in 9th grade ended up w/ Alzheimer's. It's the little victories.
The awkward moment when even CSI New York can't solve the crime!!!
Kill them with kindness. Or a shovel.
"I don't need to watch the Royal Wedding; I've already found my princess." - some rapist/murderer right now
Remember when Dave Matthews' tour bus blasted human s*** on that boatload of people in Chicago? Wish we'd had Twitter then.
Royal Weddings are the like The Special Olympics for British people.
If you have a good date, it's nice to text them afterward to say "thanks." But if they were totally lame, it's fun to text "unsubscribe."
Unless to purposely be a jackass, no adult man or woman should ever say "I have to make a sissy."
How soon after the wedding can Kate insist that someone be beheaded?
"Happily Ever After" is ruined in the space between "Someday, my prince will come" and "Dammit, my prince came too soon."
I'd like driving more if we could record our own horn messages: "I HAVE A CAR, YOU HAVE A BIKE. ARE YOU CHALLENGING ME?!"
I promise you, nobody wants to talk on the phone to your toddler.
Attention retailers: "Obama got Osama" T-shirts. Aaaaaand.... GO!
EVERYDAY HEROES: Just saw a women put a Red Bull bumper sticker on her baby's head-shaping helmet.
A neck tattoo used to say "Watch out, motherf*****." Now it says "I'd love to read you a poem about my vegan bicycle!"
Just saw a super hot chick across the street but then realized it was my wife :(
Guy just drove by me blasting Audioslave. Probably on his way to buy a jetski.
You know that song that says "Boys will laugh at girls when they're not funny!"?  Yeah...the movie "Brides Maids" redefines that term...
Heard hipsters in a bar yelling,"We killed Osama!" like in between reading Pitchfork reviews and drinking PBR they've been doing covert ops.
So great to see Barack Obama defeat the man who brought so much pain to the city of New York: Donald Trump.
Apparently, people at the Bin Laden rallies are getting beat up for not having big enough American flags.
Dear Osama-----I WIN!  Sincerely, Waldo.
You say: "Want a piece of black licorice?" I hear: "Our friendship means nothing to me. Go get hit by a car."
IceT sang "cop killer" & now plays a TV cop. wonder if he'd written a song called "squirrel killer" if he'd now be playing a TV squirrel.
You know what drug I would buy from you, hustler on the corner? Claritin-D 24. But you never have any.
Maybe u should start eating makeup so u can be pretty on the inside BITCH!!
There is a 50/50 chance that my son will put his shoes on the right feet everyday but somehow he always puts them on the wrong feet..... He is on a horrible losing streak.
This jackass next to me is testing out all his ringtones at full volume. Now I am stabbing him.
My nephew's fish still seems really sleepy from when we were playing last night. Wake up, Goldie! Wake up!
I keep trying to explain to my dad how I am a fashion icon and he just stares at me. What's with this guy?
This guy just drove by with the loudest car stereo I had ever heard. I couldn't help but think he was very cool and also successful.
But tons of room for heart disease. RT @McDonalds: There's no room for violence under the Golden Arches.
Sometimes I skip my workouts just to make it fair for other dudes.
Hey @c--------------- instead of name-calling, how about proving that Obama wasn't created by the CIA to sell crack to AIDS babies? U CAN'T!
When a guy revs his engine, that's code for: "This is what a small penis sounds like."
They say it's every girl's fantasy to be a princess. Probably not part of the fantasy for the prince to be in stage 4 male pattern baldness.
He probably won't use it on his wife but at least once Prince William must've rolled over after sex and said "You just got royally f*****".
"I had zero interest in the black iPhone, but I just bought a 100 white ones." Donald Trump
Today I was at war with my children.... Who knew they were so proficient in guerrilla warfare tactics.
My kids acted like the spawn of Satan today, I actually contemplated performing an exorcism.
My kids were horrible today.... Is 70 months too late for an abortion?
Went bowling last night. Because I like jamming my thumb where a million other people have jammed their thumbs.
Anyone know where I can find some news coverage of the Royal Wedding?
Now we finally know what Obama was hiding on his birth certificate. Under favorite band, it says: "Nickleback."
Obama showed his birth certificate. Great. Can we now please focus on important matters? Like what makes red velvet cupcakes so delicious?!
Pot & exercise = great idea. I sat & read People on the bike for 16 mins b4 noticing I hadn't started peddling
Following release of Obama's birth certificate, Donald Trump issued statement saying "Sorry! I'm a ridiculous c***."
Do "penis sneezes" count? RT @Target: It’s allergy season… Send us your funniest “sneeze” videos!
The Father, the Son, and the OMG I JUST SAW A ZEBRA DRIVING A BUS!!
Whenever I get called for jury duty, I wear my American flag onesie so the lawyers know my brand of justice is pure.
If I see someone using an iPad in public to do anything other than cure diseases, I hurl it like a discus. They go quite far.
Guess who just built his own MRI machine? Yup! It basically cooked my dog though, so I gotta fiddle with it some more.
My father dosent make mistakes he dates them
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have five fingers. The middle one is for you.
A tip for Kate Middleton: Wear a seatbelt and don't piss off the Queen.
At least the sexy time fairy visited you last night though :P @H--------- If a coffee fairy wanted to come visit me at the gym I wouldn't say no :)
Went to Costco this weekend. So, if anyone needs to borrow toilet paper like, forever, hit me up.
I'm gonna say it. Your dog's a**hole is a bit of an eye-sore.
I became friends with a magical flying piglet in my dream last night. I wish he was real :(
If we let gay people get married, next thing you know people are gonna wanna marry their pets. AND THAT WOULD BE AWESOME.
Every single one of us, including Gwyneth Paltrow, has a goatee around our butthole.
Lady Gaga’s song “Judas” has sparked outrage from Catholics. Also not helping: she still wears meat on Fridays.
When you wear a Tapout t-shirt, you tap into smart people not respecting you.
I feel like Mariah Carey has been pregnant for 7 years.
nothing shows that your wanted more than some creeper posting an ad for you in the missed connections section of Craigslist....thank you stalker you made my night lol
You cheat on your wife, taxes, and no church in years. No worries, guy - all forgiven bc you didn't eat sausage pizza until lent. #forgiven
Listen up, people who proudly declare: "I don't even own a TV." We're not impressed. We think you're pretentious and/or boring.
You know your friend who's talking about that other person behind their back? She talks about you behind your back too.
I'm known as a bit of a stud around town. Not because of my looks, but because I've made 11 of my neighbors' horses pregnant.
MURDERERS: Next time you want to murder someone, take a deep breath, maybe smoke a doob & J.O. instead.
Imagine how big a crouton would be in a giant's salad! It would be like a big crunchy loaf of bread to a "normal."
Someone just asked me to RT their kid's band's concert. Sure, LET'S GO DRAW A DICK ON THE MONA LISA WHILE WE'RE AT IT.
If a kangaroo ever hurt your feelings, I bet a good revenge would be to put some old cheese in its pouch while it was asleep.
Vin Diesel seems like a totally chill, down to earth dude who doesn't work out in front of a mirror nude at dawn.
I just clicked "Clear History" on firefox. Hitler, you're off the hook.
If you can take the letters from his name and make it into another, I'm highly positive that Obama is actually Osama Bin Ladin with a clean cut and a suit.
You can always stump a pot head by asking one simple question..."What were we just talking about?"
I'm grumpier than a 3 yr old ballerina with a wedgie.
It turns out pot is almost completely ineffective when ingested through the anus, but still fun in its own way.
How come no one at this pet store will tell me which dogs can solve crimes?
Sorry I am quiet today. I am celebrating 4/20 by getting high with my children.
A gentle request to all airline security personnel: please don't try be entertaining.
Will Homeland Security come after you if you write hundreds of letters to the president telling him you're horny?
OMG!!! I LIKE BLACK PEOPLE TOO!!! RT: @-----------: "I love it when black people re-tweet me."
I call bulls*** on "killing someone with kindness." That "kindness" nonsense won't even maim someone.
Commercial break during The View: hair-dye, chocolate, walmart, chocolate, anti-depressant, Nutella, & we're back
Happy Birthday Hitler! P.S. Your paintings were s***.
Every time I flush the toilet, I literally see my s*** spiraling out of control.
Just bought a Kia Soul. Never gotten more hamster sex in my entire life.
Dear Rubix Cube, f*** you.
According to my gps, I am 47 minutes away from "My Penis." the things I do when I'm bored...
My Daughter: "Daddy, this candy tastes like banana so it must be healthy!"............ And that's why there are so many fat people.
I want to open a bar called Fight Club. It won't have anything to do with the movie. You just get your ass kicked as soon as you walk in.
Guy on the street just told me how he "hates the Puerto Rican language." Now I am pushing him into the traffic.
Just went for a long hike. Saw Bigfoot. Yelled, "Bigfoot!" He was annoyed, but we parted as friends. (I didn't have a camera.)
Not sure what's more offensive: the holier-than-thou attitude of a chick walking around in yoga pants or her exceedingly present labia.
I just heard a guy say "man cave." It was like a scary zombie movie where characters have escaped bad TV pilots and come to life.
They tell you zits go away after you're a teenager BUT IN FACT YOU HAVE THEM TILL THE DAY THEY PUT YOU IN THE GROUND.
Weekend plans. 1. Take lawn chair to Hollywood Boulevard. 2. Yell at tourists who step on Janet Jackson’s star.
Las Vegas has the most amount of lights and the fewest amount of faces I want illuminated.
Will "The Social Network 2" detail how Facebook has become a less desirable place to visit than a Mexican hot dog factory?
Americans will be cool with the gov't shutting down, but there will be rioting if the Internet goes out.
Rebecca Black is working on a new song where she learns how to count from one to ten.
Just keep swimming just keep swimming! WAIT I'm not in water (2nd person)What are you doing on my bed!
I miss the days when you could simply push somebody in the pool but now you have to worry about there iPhone!
I love my kids but right now i wish they'd fall into a coma for several hours.
So I went to the dentist for a root canal & when I was done I hear "Aw shit". Turns out we had to re do the whole process. On top of that the numbing wore off & I felt every stab.. We'll played dentist.. >_>
A wave of terror rushes over me whenever someone's ring-tone happens to be my wakeup alarm-tone #terror
If they are gonna be dicks, then don't brush your teeth before going to the dentist. War is war.
Soap Operas are being phased out....its replacement social networking... same drama...real people, more entertaining and available for instant viewing 24/7
I want a pet great white shark. I'd have it deteethed so I could swim w/it. When it attacks me it'd be the best massage ever.
I never point fingers but if you look at my toes they're fully indicating whose a fucking liar.
I've got an audition tomorrow as a serial killer. Well, actually, it's not so much an audition as it is me just killing someone.
Whenever I walk into my local coffee shop, I like to pretend I'm an outlaw walking into an old west saloon. They love it!
I think when a restaurant has "lobster celebration" it is very misleading to the lobster.
Traffic lights are the number one cause of people abruptly stopping their cars at traffic lights.
If a creep chats you up in an elevator: "I don't want to talk in case we get stuck and I have to eat you" will shut 'em up.
What's great about naps is that I'm able to not be able to sleep until all hours of the night.
They say that too, you freaking imbecile. RT @50cent: They say don't drink and drive but they ain't say don't get drunk and drive. LMAO
Just realized I sent flowers to my Florida wife's office on my California wife's birthday. This might be it
Whoever figures out a way to take Coca-Cola and put it in a bottle is gonna be rich.
According to TERMINATOR 2, on April 19, 2011, at 8:11 PM (TODAY!), Skynet became self-aware, starting a chain of events that led to a war between man and machine... In fact, since everyone (!) goes through their lives bent over a cell phone and staring at… screens all day and night, it CAN be argued that the machines HAVE already won and taken over...
Did you know that today is Velociraptor Awareness Day? Now you do. Go on.
Rhinos are just fat unicorns. If we'd give them the time and attention they deserve, as well as a diet: They'd reveal their majestic ways.
They started drilling into my building at 8am today, which is great for me.
Be the change you want to see in your pants.
Diarrhea would be a beautiful name if it didn't mean diarrhea
The most impressive magic trick of all is how magicians are able to make all of their shame disappear.
Facebook invitations produce the same result as a notarized letter saying, "If you attend this event, you will be murdered."
Watching an episode of "Khloe & Lamar" carries the same karmic pricetag as kicking a sleeping homeless person in the face.
I bet loggers call the guy who makes lunch the "Yumberjack."
It’s tough sharing a birthday with Kourtney Kardashian. Our friends never know which party to go to.
I'm gonna open a chiropractic office in the hood to help all these b**ches that be gettin' they backs blown out.
A lot of sports teams are called 'The Devils.' If I had a team, I would call them 'The Kansas City Jesus Christ Almighties.'
Do you ever hear voices telling you to hurt people?............Yeah, me either.
WHEN PEOPLE UPDATE THEIR STATUSES LIKE THIS it makes me yell the words in my head.
An absolute cruel joke would be to hide all of the toilet paper in the house
My friend trapped a spider in her room under a glass. While she was out I put the spider outside then turned the glass over to make it look like the little guy broke out. Think she'll freak out?
Just picked up my laundry. Lots of underpants missing again. Think it might be time to have "the talk" with the laundry ladies.
Tired of the same old? When people tell you to "have a good weekend", yell "You're not the boss of me!" and start crying.
Fact: My pee just sounded like it was saying wowowowowowowowowowowow
My neighbor Dan (a wizard) told me you can see 20 minutes into the future if you look up a wizard's butthole. Is this true?
Movie idea: John Turturro & Mark Ruffalo fuse into a "Turfalo" & battle Fat Val Kilmer on a haunted oil rig.
I'm pretty sure America's official prescription for schizophrenia is "Go die behind a dumpster."
FUN: Go to a realtor's bus stop bench ad, take a photo of yourself kissing their image on the mouth & mail it to their office.
Show me a kid who doesn't like ice cream & I'll show YOU a hummingbird who can drive a car! His name is Ashley.
Nick Cage charged w/ dom. abuse. Wife wanted to watch 'Sorcerer's Apprentice.' He beat her for having bad taste in movies.
The film & music business are passing Gwyneth Paltrow back and forth like divorced parents with a kid neither one wants.
Bad News: 88% of Afghani Women cannot read. Good News: 88% of Afghani Women cannot read "Eat, Pray, Love."
"I can't wait to bore my friends with this." Dude filming concert on his phone.
That awkward moment when someone pulls out their headphones & a gooey string off ear wax follows..
In some countries the most common cause of death is AIDS and RABIES...I guess love bites? Haha?
Woke up slapping myself...who knows what kind of dream I was having...
Only on Jerry Springer: I cheated on you because you don't have a car.
The Royal wedding is when? And when is the Royal divorce?
That joke where people light a bag of dog s*** on fire on somebody's doorstep and then ring the doorbell and run away? Just did that and it's pretty funny.
"Does daddy drink because you cry or do you cry because daddy drinks? -Contemporary "chicken or the egg" question
On twitter there's no such thing as an "inside voice."
Whenever I call a Jewish friend & they don't answer, I worry Mel Gibson has killed & eaten them.
If I ate a 25 ft long, 1 in. wide cheese log, how long would it take to fill up my entire small intestine? The world may soon know.
Easter egg hiding tip: most kids aren't allowed on the roof ;)
ABC cancels 'One Life To Live' and 'All My Children.' Or did they murder them?
"Oh, great. Karate slippers." the African child said sarcastically as he received his free pair of Tom's. #greatcauseactually.
I'd rather get my mouth smashed than listen to Smashmouth.
I'll be Burger King,you be Mc'Donalds: I'll do it my way -- and you'll be loving it ;)
Just got punched by a drunk guy claiming to have a "coke-drinking arm".  Whatever you did to inspire this coke...screw you!!!!
?: First gay experience. A: When I was 6 I put my Luke Skywalker action figure in my mouth while I tied my shoe.
?: How do you deal with a bad breakup? A: Have an awesome hook up. Take pix. Tag them to your exs page. Pray your ex fails at everything.
So Shaggy is frightened of a sheet but comfortable with dog that talks?
If u went to Charlie Sheen's live show and were disappointed, that's not Charlie Sheen's fault.
It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. But for pirates that's when the fun begins!!
Kobe Bryant says his anti-gay slur 'should not be taken literally.' He was just mad his Westboro Baptist Church hoodie shrunk in the wash.
Take the name of your first pet and the name of the street you grew up on and you get your "I like to play dumb games" name.
My friend's toddler just asked me out on a date. I think I'm gonna go for it...
I'll "Connect with Facebook" to your website right after I fax you my family's social security #s, you elbow sucking robot.
Babies are like little old men. Because they're racists.
Great, Applebee’s starts serving toddlers alcohol and my kids gave up booze for Lent.
Between make-up and camera apps, if you still can't take a good picture, blame your face.
Ziploc: making money off pot heads since 1980
hey mikey, I'm really sory but last night me and your mom had a lil to much to drink and we....ahhhhhhhhh just kiddin bro, happy birthday man!!
Airport toilet just auto-flushed on me mid-performance. Now I'll never know what really happened.
When trying on pants, even the most vile curse words very rarely make the pants change their mind and fit comfortably.
Scarlett Johansson denying she's pregnant because tabloid assholes think she's too fat not to be, is the stuff eating disorders are made of.
Before sending off an angry email, ask yourself, "Will they read this while envisioning me with a knife?" If "yes," try less ALL CAPS."
Obama is shy about his birth certificate, because although he WAS born in the U.S., his real name is "Crisco McWiggles."
Take your age. Add it to your favorite movie star’s age. Subtract the number 7. Hide a loaf of bread under a pillow. Cry.
Need a picture of a zebra and/or a trumpet? You're in luck; the internet is straight-up exploding with that shit.
Based on the age of the cast of "Scream 4," I assume the killer in this one is osteoporosis.
I feel awful when a black dude can't catch a cab. Unless I'm across the street trying to catch one at the same time.
I can't help but think that the radiation going into the water off the coast of Japan is actually going to create Godzilla.
I'm glad my son and my daughter love each other but it just seems wrong when they hug in the bath.
Sorry friend, but to me Easter is all about chocolate eggs hidden by a hilarious looking bunny in a colorful hat.
With enough chocolate i will take over the world
Does anyone know where you sign up to get a tee time at the Masters or is this some kind of invite only bulls***?
There was a rat on the subway. Everyone was terrified, except for me. That's because I am fearless. And also covered in rat poison.
This coffee shop will have to go out of business after what I just did in their bathroom. I'm not proud of this, just telling it like it is.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. And also pants that will make him invisible.
The guy next to me at this coffee shop is on his phone telling someone how nice and quiet this place is. Now I am stabbing him.
To keep my new black followers, I will continue to watch the Masters but will refer to all golfers as Wiz Kalifa. Let's go Wiz Kalifa!
Solar power would be a lot more effective if they made a gasoline-powered version.
It's great to hear from an old friend you haven't spoken to in a while...if only to remind yourself why you don't talk to them.
I never wear cologne to an important meeting. I bench an old fridge 10x & let my jungle pheromones show them who's boss.
In 2009, Jon Kyl lost $380,000 wagering on dwarf tossing. #NotIntendedToBeAFactualStatement
Jon Kyl holds the Guinness World Record for "Largest Collection of Penis Enlargers." #NotIntendedToBeAFactualStatement
Jon Kyl once ate a badger he hit with his car. #NotIntendedToBeAFactualStatement
I Wanted to burn alot of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire.
"Archaeologists Discover First-Ever 'Gay Caveman.'" I'm calling it now: "Glee-anderthal: The Musical." That one's free, Hollywood.
"Happy Birthday! Hope your balls finally dropped! :)" - Things not to post on your ex-boyfriend's facebook page. Apparently.
It's a nice idea to not judge someone until you've walked a mile in their shoes, but I judge just fine in my own. Plus, that's disgusting.
Metabolism. RT @KimKardashian: Why is it that the more I work out the hungrier I am!
Just got a letter from 1 of those traffic light cameras. No ticket; just a picture of me w/ the caption "Nice shirt, faggot."
How itchy do you guys let your buttholes get before you go to the emergency room?
Animals sense fear. Approach them with CONFIDENCE & PURPOSE when you wish to make love to one.
CAN I CITIZEN'S ARREST A BABY?
It's amazing to think that even the tiniest Chinese child could kill you in one second with the ancient art of Karate.
If the government shuts down, the IRS will be closed, according to my accountant, Wesley Snipes.
"Sorry, fellas. Bitches and jerk-offs only tonight." What every nightclub Bouncer should say.
GOLF: For when you want to hear men whispering about other men.
CNN: U.S. fires missiles toward Middle East, hoping to hit whatever. F*** it.
Just saw a weeping John Boehner selflessly shove a disabled senior citizen out of the way to save the woman from stepping on a dollar bill.
People of Facebook, if your show is ABOUT TO SELL OUT! then stop posting shit about it.
Hey......... Do you THINK people will look at me funny if I start carrying around 5 inch "Like" stickers and just randomly put them on peoples foreheads when they say something I think is funny?
Been working on a mystery ALL afternoon... cuz It's been buggin' me as to why "Ch-ch-ch-Chia" are the same notes as the intro to the "Sanford and Son "theme song!! now that, THAT'S in your head....you're welcome!! :^D
I pray to god that the vibrating sound coming from the guys room next door is his phone............ I have to work with him tomorrow!!
That American Apparel guy just tried to touch my privates. What is with him anyway?!
I am pretty much 1000% sure I just overheated my nuts with my laptop. Be right back.
In Palm Springs for a couple days of poolside R&R. Packed my special Speedo that says 'Bikini Bod' on the butt.
Best part of being sick is how every time I stand up it feels like my brain is being bear-hugged by Ronnie from Jersey Shore.
The couple at the table next to me thinks some really weird girl is eavesdropping on their conversation but I don't see her anywhere.
If done correctly, your diarrhea should come out in 'piles' -Benjamin Franklin
At 11:59 PM Cinderella should've said to the Prince, "I bet you a million bucks I can turn that carriage into a pumpkin."
A guy cut me off in traffic, and I called him a stupid f***. My kids asked what that meant, and I told them it means he can’t f***ing drive.
I know how it feels to reunite a child w/ their parent cuz I just melded the little piece of soap w/ the big piece of soap.
These government morons can bail out Wall Street, but not the U.S. military? #f***tards
Me and These sweet la light shoes will kick your paste eatin ass so u cann shhuuuttttt uup!
I swear this isn't a bitchface, I just look like this all the time. #SororityGirlProblems
I was trying to have a good attitude and not be a bitch, and then Monday happened. #SororityGirlProblems
Just April Fooled on old lady who was asking for help with getting her walker on the elevator. I kicked her in the shin!
I just hit a moose with my car. APRIL FOOL'S! I hit it with my fist!
Mum. Am trapped on post apocalyptic wasteland. Extra Terrestrial girl with Bambi-legs just turned up. Please send condoms.
Happy Mother's day, mothers. All mother-effers should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. Even if they created the mothers.
If Coldplay & Mumford & Sons got in a fight Miley Cyrus would win.
If you like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain then there's two things we don't have in common already. Sorry- it just won't work.
Just tested the "Veggie chili will give you farts" theory. It checks out.
If throwing up when I see Mariah Carey's nude Life & Style cover is wrong then I don't want to see Mariah Carey's nude Life & Style cover.
I'm no wizard, but Hitler was probably reincarnated as one of those people who says, "My dogs are like my children!"
Ladies, are you looking for a fast, easy way to let men know you're over 40 and a total bore? Take trapeze lessons!
Pottery Barn employees are awfully stuck-up, considering they work in a freakin barn.
Is pondering the idea of starting an sketchy underground cockfighting enterprise in my basment to combat with cabin fever
If the neighbors dog doesn't shut up Its gonna make a pretty sweet area rug
Fatigued out poaching giraffes for my new line of snuggies and fanny bags patent pending...
How do I get one of those 555 prefix phone numbers they use in films?
People on the grid are so concerned with paying for "things" with "money." Out here I just pay with tears and fists. Then I just run.
NYC is home to all sorts of edible plants, some of which may cause difficulty in breathing but stick a pen in your trachea and you're back!
Look- I have not made a decision yet on shutting the government down, so everyone just needs to chill the f@#k out while I think!
Want me to eat better? Stop giving healthy stuff stupid names. I can't ask for "quinoa" or "couscous" without feeling like an asshole.
The other day, California high school students sang for the Pope, or as they referred to him, “The Dude in the Hat.
It's mean enough of mother nature to tard people once, but to retard them is over the line. I mean, what if she starts 3tarding people?
Hey Flori-duh church, next time you burn a Quran do us all a favor, have some balls and do it in Afghanistan.
At jamaican club. Based on the amount of freaking going on, they may need to open an abortion clinic on the dance floor.
I licked a homeless guy in a elevator because the voices in my head told me too
seankent Study says the smell of warm toast brings back "happy childhood memories". Unless your dad beat you with a toaster.
seankent Do guys in kilts find public restroom signs confusing?
i feel like women with perms are always yelling. so much anger in that hair.
Thanks, creepy old dude, for ignoring ALL THE AVAILABLE SEATS at the gate, sitting right next to me & immediately coughing in my face.
Bruno Mars, how bout you start catching grenades in Libya.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming "Law & Order" are trademarked names for his left and right leg.
Charlie Sheen is on my list of "Top Five People I Want to Meet Before Charlie Sheen Dies."
in honor of pi day, let's all act irrationally. shampoo with toothpaste! bring a lawnmower to the beach and cut some sand!
Can we stop ganging up on 13 year-old Rebecca Black for making crappy music and start ganging up on 36 year-old Will.i.am?
Dude come over right now! I just realized my cock is glow in the dark!!! AHHH I'm spazzing out right now!!
For all who keep asking -my Words With Friends user name is: EatMyAssSalad
Screaming children has made me really love the sound of the vacuum cleaner.
Thank God they are making ANOTHER Superman movie! And people say creativity is dead in Hollywood.
Can anyone tell me where to get one of those cannons that shoots people out of it? Doesn't have to shoot the person far. 100 yards tops.
"Make my free entertainment better!" Everybody who has ever complained to me on Twitter.
Best part about not having a boyfriend is not having someone ignore me during baseball season. Or so I'm telling myself.
It's bizarre that Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen were never prosecuted for eating their triplet sister Betsy in the womb.
Little kids need to be taught that the 5th time they ask the same question, their grandpa will be eaten by a robot wolf.
I like to teach my kids that they can do anything. For example this year, our taxes.
"Twats Twats Twats Twats Twats Twats!" Lil Jon, when the Real Housewives enter the room.
Everyone has a friend who needs to get laid. At least my friends do.
I just saw a little kid sneeze & puke at the same time so I don't really care what happens for the rest of the day.
NOTHING says "I am batshit, incapable of relationships, bad with money, & cannot be trusted" like colored contact lenses.
I always feel a little bad for a guy when I notice he missed a belt loop on his pants or lost his family in a fire.
The federal government might shut down on Friday, which means on Saturday morning, this bad boy is gonna park his car in a loading zone.
…and that is why I killed the circus clown. Wait…have just been informed Twitter was down for several minutes. Disregard last Tweet.
Thanks for wearing those skinny jeans, Hipster. I was wondering what your calf muscle looked like.
I had a dream that all the world's toilets magically came to life and my God were they bitter.
It's either really humid out or my butt has a yeast infection.
Tyler Perry Presents "Madea Loses a Foot to Diabetes".
Michael Jackson's shitty sister, big surprise, blows at Celebrity Apprentice. His dope sister would too tho. His Dad would def get Hired.
Dear attractive teenage grocery checkout girl, please don't judge me for buying Fiber One.
When a cop pulls you over and doesn't respond well to a surprise game of "Got Your Nose," you should definitely not give his nose back.
If you don't have enough regret in your life, try cutting bangs.
Someone once asked me, "What's it like being so cool?" and I looked straight back into the mirror and said, "It's a-ight."
I wish the "stars" of "Dancing with the Stars" would try dancing with real stars. #LaunchTheseAttentionWhoresIntoTheSun
"Glee" teaches kids that it's ok to be a loser. But if you want to play a loser on TV, you better be a skinny hot chick.
i always enjoy taking a dump with the door open. but the other people in the airport bathroom don't seem to enjoy it as much.
I remember when Chris Brown was a prick who beats women. I remember it vividly because it’s actually right now.
Escaped cobra in the Bronx! A whale swimming up the Thames AND a mad cougar loose in Alaska. Oh that's just Sarah Palin.
Unlike @sarahpalinusa I have never quit a job. I've only been fired. Fired for America! And stealing.
@michaelianblack ok ok enough already so time magazine thinks your important. That's like being the smartest kid with down syndrome.
It takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown, but it takes even fewer to give the finger to whoever made you frown.
As I write this I'm in an unmoving airport security line standing completely still in a stranger's fart.
Somebody should do a "Pawed-cast" that's just about kittens & puppies & their cute lil' adventures!
Still religion-hopping. Is there one that gives you super strength and minimizes bunions?
At a certain point, doesn't Hugh Hefner have to die of old AIDS?
If you bite the inside of your mouth by accident, you should be allowed to fire a shotgun at an old bus till you feel better.
If I’m ever a ghost, I hope the person I haunt has Netflix.
Japanese dump nuclear waste into the ocean. Payback! U b**ch-ass seas best think twice the next time you wanna tsunami us.
In large city. Sleeping. Person outside, blocks away, screams. I think,"Hope that works out." and try to go back to sleep.
You laugh and laugh then everybody stops you keep going!!! AWKWARD SILENCE
Nobody really knows you until you fart!!!!
I thought about joining the neighborhood watch... But my neighbors just aren't that attractive.
The people at this salon are telling me they are "not comfortable" with the kind of waxing I'm requesting. What does that even mean?!
One of my favorite things to do is to drink a case of beer and then just start working my way though the phone book, calling everyone in it.
The hardest part of letting go of someone you love is... the splat when they hit the ground.
I'd like to go back to a time when my biggest problem was Cap'n Crunch destroying the roof of my mouth.
Just put an entire frozen chicken up my ass............ April Fools! It was just the drumstick.
My April Fools' Day prank at airport security did not go well. You may not see me Monday.
smart phones seem to be more high maintenance than a pet...calm down blackberry, I'm adapting to your ways of communicating...
So Mr. Sandman...since you've abandoned me for the sake of other's slumber, I've decided to move on. Advil PM, start digesting and work your magic.
Thank you Google homepage image, for reminding me to bust out my Bunsen burner and heat, sterilize or combust something in tribute of Robert Bunsen's 200th b day. Where would laboratories abroad be without you, burner of Bunseness...
when i was little, they put me in Special Ed because they thought I was slow, but I stayed in Special Ed for the ladies.
Just got some new weed from Japan called "Glow Weed"..... It'll blow your f***ing mined
When my kids get older I'm going to discourage them from drinking.This way if I need a liver I can just harvest one of theirs.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Seems to me like most rioting in the world happens in the countries with the least bacon.
Airplanes have now banned tweezers. I think anyone who can hijack a plane with tweezers deserves the plane.
You look more confused than a blind lesbian at a fish market.
Just passed a guy on the street singing a really loud and bluesy version of happy birthday into his phone. Felt conflicted tripping him.
Apparently, several movies have already used the "cross-dressing man" idea. Different idea: combine ice cream with cookie dough.
I'd eat more Mexican food if it didn't look like someone had already eaten it before me.
It is my life's dream to press my muscular buttocks against every celebrity who's ever released a perfume & fart violently.
I hate it when I bite into an apple & then realize "Whoops!" it's a salmon...
I hope you all lead happy, fulfilled lives. Unless you post inspirational quotes on Twitter; then you can die in a fire.
People who are more religious aren't fatter. They're just big-beliefed.
Aging is a slow motion natural disaster that we witness every time we gaze into a mirror. Have a GREAT day, you guys!
I fell over and split my head open, but I think I'll just say chris brown did it....
Great news everybody! I saved a bunch of money on my homeowners insurance by switching to being homeless. - America
I'm certain if Bram Stoker knew Dracula would eventually lead to Twilight he would've slit his own wrists with a bat wing.
If you ever see someone smiling peacefully & putting on gloves, get out immediately; you're about to be murdered.
What says "Date Rapist" louder, a man yelling "I'm a date rapist!" through a megaphone, or "TAPOUT" brand clothing?
Cops should yell "Pikachuuuu" when they taze someone.
I just saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching... my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.
That awkward moment when you find out that all these years your toys have secretly made 3 movies behind your back.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
Just got my teeth cleaned at the dentist. Asked them to see what they could do about my ball sack. Did not get a laugh.
Guys, let me save you the time waiting for that one segment on the news: EVERYTHING IS BAD FOR YOU.
Had that dream again last night where the GEICO lizard makes me hold his legs down while he does sit-ups.
I always cry & scream, "I got nowhere else to go!" like I'm Richard Gere whenever Trader Joe's kicks me out for having a gerbil up my ass.
Jerry Maguire: "You complete me." Real relationships: "You deplete me."
Not sure Rebecca Black's fame will make it all the way to Friday.
if you watch mean girls backwards, its about a girl that got so unpopular, she moved to africa
That awkward moment when the fat kid says "that's how I roll".
Elementary math problems are weird. "'I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9. What do I have now?'" Oh, I don't know, DIABETES MAYBE."
Sharks aren't the bad guys. If some stranger entered my house in just a Speedo, I would probably attack him too.
Someone told me I was immature....well guess who's not allowed in my treehouse anymore?
TV show idea: "Can You Beat Up A Seventh Grader?" Who wants in?
Wouldn't it be weird/awesome if the president held a news conference to announce he was buying a waterbed?
Evolutionary Theory: Mankind evolved from apes. Jersey Shore Theory: We're now going backwards.
Saying "hi" to someone can really brighten a person's day...especially if they've been locked in your basement all week.
Dear God, Apologies in advance for the feisty vixen who is no doubt going to give you a hard time. RIP my beautiful and charismatic Grandma.
Hey- is there anything u like to cram up ur butt? RT @iamdiddy Turkey sandwich !!!!!
"Build me a porch then get off of it!" - poor white guy who hates Mexicans
I just put a big Monster Energy Drink sticker on my cousin's iPad screen because he said he didn't like Led Zeppelin.
I love sleeping on clean sheets. Or dirty ones. Or on a bus. I don't care anymore. May I have some cottage cheese?
Worst pick up line for this time of year: "Want to see my final four?"
Lindsay Lohan may change her last name. She should make it easy on all of us and change it to, "Sgoingtojailagain."
If I was a rapper and a baby, I would go by the name Crib Death.
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your "x". Just accept the fact that she's gone. Move on, dude.
Dear Rebecca Black, "I HATE YOU!" Sincerely, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Whoever says Paper beats Rock is an idiot. Next time I see someone say that, I'll throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper.
One of my friends on facebook just joined one of the facebook groups "I hate it when people join pointless groups for no reason". Idiot.
likes to think one step ahead… Like a carpenter… Who builds stairs.
Based on profile pictures, I've come to the conclusion I'm friends with way too many dogs, babies and a few unborn babies.
Writing. Like. This. Doesnt. Make. Your. Point. Any. Stronger. It. Makes. It. Look. Like. Your. Computer. Has. Asthma.
You know the world is messed up when the best rapper is white, the best golfer is black, & the tallest Guy in the NBA is Chinese.
I bet chickens hate Easter. How would you feel if you people ate all of your eggs and some stupid rabbit got all the credit?
The awkward moment when there's a hair on your tongue and you try and you have to try and get it off without looking like an idiot.
That awkward moment when you see a mentally challenged person and you try your hardest not to laugh
Sham = bad. Poo = really bad. Shampoo = clean hair with?
It's been decided: I am buying a time machine, taking it to 1980, and joining Def Leppard.
I like to think that the first person Elizabeth Taylor sees in heaven is Michael Jackson. I hope heaven is weird like that.
Kancer. RT @KimKardashian: Ok now heading to a fragrance meeting. I need a name for my new perfume! Any cool ideas?
Pretty cool that the letters "B.J." stand for the two greatest things in the world, beef jerky & Billy Joel.
If we mix science with food, it's only a matter of time before people believe we evolved from a PB&J sandwich.
I like to loudly ask what my kids want at the drive thru speaker. Then when I pick up order there's just headless dolls in the back seat.
Dear acne commercial, no one splashes their face like that... Sincerely, I'M ALL WET!
When I drop a hot, smelly fart, I like to call people into my room and ask them with a straight face if they smell something burning.
The awkward moment when Chris Brown lifts his hands to scratch his head and everybody flinches.
dear internet, please stop with the ads that start talking on their own. sincerely, i just had a heart attack
Does fat = pregnant because, if so, I totally deny it.
"Are you talented?" No. "Are you famous?" Kind of. "Are you a famewhore?" YES! "Perfect 'Celebrity Rehab' starts taping tomorrow."
Chris Brown apologizes for breaking window at ABC, promises to go back to the benign days of beating women.
My new battle cry for when I am eating mashed potatoes at KFC: I AM SPORKTACUS!!!
I apologize to computer chess after calling it stupid when I lost. You're not stupid, computer chess. I am.
They should lower the driving age to six so children can drive themselves to birthday parties.
Every time you lie to your kid and tell them that some dumb thing they did is "great," you're potentially creating the next Ke$ha.
At the end of a date with a lady, don't say, "I'd love to see you again. But next time, a little more make-up, okay?"
It's upsetting when you find out that someone you follow isn't following you back because now you have to murder them.
Ladies of Twitter, if you never wrote another tweet about pooping, I'd be totally cool with that.
If I were a midget I would love for somebody besides the grass to tickle my balls..
For some, the Super Moon is an astrological phenomenon. For most, it's remembering that time their buddy drove while they showed their ass.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's LUNAR ASSAULT and it's not funny.
You say "Ultimate Fighting," I say "Professional Snuggling!"
Just did a 50,000 piece jigsaw puzzle, with the picture FACE DOWN!
Locking your tweets is like putting 13 cents in a safe.
Hey Facebook, if I have 100 friends in common w/ someone & we're still not friends, it means I don't like them. Take a hint.
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick.
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
Dear Hand Sanitizer, can't touch this. Sincerely, the 0.1% germ.
Dear Buffy, we have a new assignment for you. His name is Edward. Sincerely, the people that hate twilight
Whenever I see a grown man wearing jean shorts I just assume that he lost a bet.
"I'm the kind of person that--" NO YOU AREN'T.
"I don't wanna brag but--" Yes. Yes you do- and here you go!
"She keeps me humble"-- No she doesn't. You're still an a**hole.
No really Rebecca Black? I thought Thursday was before Saturday. I honestly thought that Ke$ha was the stupidest person on earth. But you proved me wrong.
Ann Coulter says radiation is "good for you." I know who's getting a plutonium buttplug for Christmas!
Long day. Think I've earned a nice, tall, frosty glass of chocolate breastmilk.
"I should get help." - what we used to say to ourselves after having the sorts of thoughts we now gleefully post on Twitter
My 6 year old just told me I smelled like an airplane seat. She needs to take the bus more.
Just postponed getting a haircut because I thought I might have to go #2. Not proud of it. Just bringing you up to speed. That's all.
Time heals all wounds. Unless they're infected. Then you should probably get that checked out.
I don't know how to tell you this but I just heard M. Night Shyamalan is directing twitter and...we've been dead the whole time.
You won't be laughing at my tweets when your daughter robs a bank with one of them tattooed on her stomach.
Whenever I see a sock monkey, I wonder if he might be my long-lost son from one of my countless affairs with socks.
Why buy the cow when you can buy milk at the supermarket? It's a lot cheaper.
If your right leg is Christmas, and your left leg is new years, can I visit you in between the holidays?
The awkward moment when the dentist tries to talk to you while shoving their hands in your mouth.
When I die, I give my Friend permission to change my status to "is dead".
Nobody ever says "It's only a game" when their team is winning.
Just bought some toilet paper. Now I am a man without limits.
This one guy was just walking down the street with a double stroller with no babies in it. Where the f#%k did them babies go?!
Is there any bigger ego boost than not remembering someone that remembers you? It's like being famous for a second.
Sometimes, after I look at someone's pics on facebook, I want to message them, "So, what's the deal? Are you fat or not?"
UFC is the gayest sport ever ... They were just fighting doggie style
Dear 60 year old neighbor revving the crap out of his crotch rocket... It's time to let the dream die..
The Irish celebrating St. Patty's Day with alcohol is like Native Americans celebrating Thanksgiving with smallpox.
Morning poop BEFORE morning tea? What the hell is going on here???
Little Known Fact: The Irish invented the myth about the Leprechaun with the pot o' gold to keep drunk folks from midget tossing.
I know it's part of the stadium, but just hearing someone say: "C-Section" makes my stomach uncomfortable.
Anybody in LA wanna grab a burger before "RADIATION: The Musical™" Brought to You by CNN" melts our faces off?
It's like taking candy from a baby - A GOOD IDEA IF YOU DON'T WANT THE BABY TO LOSE ITS FEET TO DIABETES BEFORE IT TURNS ONE
Saint Patrick’s Day is named for Saint Patrick, the first guy to feed Guinness to a snake.
Why are there laws against drinking while driving & texting while driving, but not drinking while texting?
U.N. votes for no fly zone over Libya. Bad news for Kadahfi. He may have to wear a second Snuggie for protection.
Last year, I deducted 10, 697 cartons of cigarettes as a business expense. The tax man said, “Don’t ever let us catch you without a cigarette in your hand.
Things I think about: career (going bad) diet (going bad) relationship (fine) kids (suck) star wars (shaved Chewie)
The more I think about it, the more I think flying broomsticks are a really stupid idea.
Any time someone tells you they're "about 20 minutes away" they're lying. They haven't left yet.
How have Hoarders and Antique Roadshow not joined forces yet?
Steven Tyler shops in the Funky Mom section
Good job, dude. Yell at the dude working the drive-thu at 2am. May as well just order a d*** slap across your double cheeseburger, f***face.
Dear whoever sits next to me on the bus to Grand Rapids tomorrow, you're not being Punk'd. I really do just fart that much.
If twitter has taught us anything these last few days, it's this: if you're not at #sxsw, you pretty much have AIDS.
When I'm an old man, I will regularly utter the phrase, "What in the name of Nate Dogg's Ghost is going on here?"
I try to be careful with my grammar. It can be the difference between helping my friend, Jack, off a horse and helping my friend jack off a horse.
Don't get the hubub about Katie Holmes letting Suri buy Gummy Penises at Serendipity 3. Father's Day is right around the corner after all.
Great ...Gilbert Godfried just got fired from his duck job for making Japan jokes, now He's got to go back to his OTHER gig as Jafars parrot making fun of Arabs! luckily we're still mad at them!
Your middle-aged pierced ear tells a different story than you think.
I zoned out while watching "Fast & the Furious" - 2 hours later I'm wearing nothing but driving gloves in a bathtub full of ice & gasoline.
Just taking a moment to be glad that my balls don't have their own tiny balls.
Rapper Ja Rule was caught not paying taxes. I guess he thought he was Ja Exception.
If your music has been featured on "Jersey Shore" your band needs to break up.
Chris Brown smashed that window when he saw his reflection and realized he looked like Sisqo.
Know what was odd about the Tootsie Pop commercial from the 70's with the owl? That there was a TV commercial for lollipops.
Bats have a higher rate of homosexuality than any other mammal. That explains Edward Cullen
Just screamed the "N" word while watching a movie..FML the movie name was "for colored girls"
Is it weird if I take a dump with the door open while my mother in law brushes her teeth in front of me?
Once your pants catch on fire, the fact that your lying becomes less important
Unicorns aren't extinct - they just gained weight and are now called rhinos
If plankton was so smart, why doesn't he ask someone to buy him a Krabby Patty.
NyQuil: The stuffy, sneezy, why-the-hell-is-the-room-spinning medicine.
Having kids is really similar to having snakes on a plane.
People would be more excited about getting into relationships if Steve Jobs would just announce them as iCommitments.
After I've poured my morning cup of coffee, I pour the rest of the pot down the drain FOR MAXIMUM COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE.
Don't s*** where you eat. Unless you're a starfish, whose mouth is also its anus. In that case, freak out, little monster.
Haven't tweeted in a week, but I feel grea...^&lwe;owgahhh! I was over confident, pulled a tweet muscle!! Knew I should've stretched!
Is it douchey to retweet a compliment somebody posts about you? Still unclear to me.
Just walked In on my parents.. Funny thing was I asked them if they were awake..
Dear elbow, I didn't want to touch you anyways. Sincerely, Tongue
When I Kill A Bee I leave it where I killed it, so the other bees know what's up.
I told my dad he's my BFF, he said "awww Best Friend Forever"? "No" I said "Big Fat-F*****"
Part of me is like "Yes- the cab driver farted. Accept it and move on" while another part is like "No- let's wait it out and decide later."
Just changed my underpants. It was time.
If they ever find a black hole in space that sucks time instead of light and gravity,they should call it "the FaceBook hole"
Verizon wireless commercials encourage stalking.
When someone has a birth mark on their face, I cannot hear anything they are saying because I am a bad person.
Can't wait to give my kids the present I got for them in Texas: A NEW MOMMY!!!
A lot of people make fun of the stuff Glenn Beck says. But don't forget he also has a really stupid face.
Jon Bon Jovi said Steve Jobs killed the music industry. He cited Bon Jovi's billions of dollars as proof of music's death.
I bet when cavemen were named Bbuup & Gaaah or whatever, they probably went nuts when they met the first "Andrew".
Child actors can cry on cue because their nightmare parents have given them a bottomless well of sadness from which to draw.
Probably the person I take least seriously in the whole world is Lenny Kravitz.
If there's a motorcycle in a prime spot you want to park in, you should be able to push it out of your way with your car.
"I appreciate your condolences, but I'm not Japanese." Every Korean person for the last 3 days.
Dear Tom's of Maine - Your NEW Long Lasting Deodorant Stick promised to trap odor molecules and absorb bad smells, not make my pits smell like a funky cat box. Please take the $4 I paid and funnel it directly to your R&D department so they can try again.
I just found out my toe is double jointed. It's the cute pinky toe.
For every RT, I'll donate one inch of my d*** up to 100k inches. #=screwyoubing
Just learned March Madness has nothing to do with rabies.
Gotta respect my housekeeper for leaving her s*** scrapes in my toilet. It's pretty gangster.
I would buy pants at Radio Shack before I'd buy a CD at Starbucks.
I just saw a tow truck towing a tow truck so screw you.
POLL: Are you a cat person or a dog person? Did it hurt when the hybridization beam fused you with the cat or dog?
Try explaining daylight savings to a bear. He'll be like, "Whatever, Copernicus! Let's go get some salmon!"
"Give a duck the POWER OF HUMAN SPEECH & then complain when it says something you don't like? Way to go Obama!" - Sarah Palin
Subway has surpassed McDonald's to become the world’s largest restaurant chain. If you thought Jared was an unbearable prick before...
Madonna's grandmother died today at age 99. Undoubtedly, Lady GaGa's Grandma will die in a similar way tomorrow.
I hope starving people never see footage of Gallagher smashing watermelons.
I'm a terrible swimmer, but my ego has convinced me that I could somehow survive a tsunami because I'm "quick witted."
Snookie doesn't wanna be called snooki anymore. She's calling herself "that slutty orange thing" since "annoying orange" was taken.
I might be doing this wrong: when you sniff glue, how do you keep it from totally gumming up your nostrils?
BETTER YET KICK EVERY MUSLIM OUT OF THE USA!!! HOWS THAT!!!
If you ask me to help you move and I drop something, consider it a down payment on you not asking me next time.
I'm pretty sure a Ford F-150 truck commercial just called me a pussy.
NAACP upset with Kid Rock for using the Confederate Flag. He says he's simply honoring those unfamiliar with the history of Michigan.
There's no middle ground when it comes to scooters - you're either an eco-friendly free spirit, or a fat eyesore.
The producer's of Spiderman the Musical say the Director has been let go... From a 30-foot platform, breaking his neck.
Emily Blunt = Car sick Katy Perry
Charlie Sheen is only winning because Chuck Norris isn't playing.
Sometimes when I see a pigeon on the street, I yell "I will fight you, pigeon!" What's he gonna do?
Spring is almost here. Really starting to get concerned about my throwing arm. And also my wang.
@BoobsRadley Bless your heart & other areas!
NPR head resigns after calling Tea Party "racist." Tomorrow, NASA head to resign after calling space "big."
If your alarm didn't work this morning, get a baby... That's one system that never fails
Paris Hilton tweeted: Dear Japan...so sorry for your loss, I loved sushi soooo much...and your egg rolls...I like those too! hugs oxoxo
Hey Charley...I had a "torpedo of truth" once, a  little FIBER cured that RIGHT up!
Hey Good News...Wal Marts having a sale on "half off" Tiger blood!
I bet right now  Charlie sheen  is trying to perform brain surgery on a bird
When life hands you lemons, throw them at the wall until you start to feel less rage.
I learned today that I can't poop and yawn at the sane time.......
Have you ever played angry birds while sitting on the toilet? You should try sometime:)
Today, it took 473 licks to get to the center of my Tootsie Pop. You're welcome, World.
Did you know that the most used excuse for women who were speeding is that they "had to tinkle"
You shouldn't have murdered that abortion doctor. RT @justinbieber: i cant even say hi to my fans outside cuz of the police.
Probably the least favorite part of a policeman's job is if he ever has to arrest a baby.
Slowly coming to the conclusion that a lot of people are not, in fact, misunderstood, but are actually a**holes.
No matter what your Chinese symbol tattoo says, I'm going to assume the translation is: "Please think I'm cool."
Great news! Strong doesn't have to mean cunty or cold or not vulnerable!
I will never understand how someone could kill in the name of religion, or unfriend me on facebook.
"Guess what, fart wizard?" - Say this to your mom. If she says "What, honey?", SHE'S A FART WIZARD! RUN!
If you're feeling depressed, write a list of things you're grateful for, then jam it up your a******. Now you're crazy too.
I'm sure that when they turn the cameras off, Dr. Drew doesn't even notice & just keeps on healing people.
Tweeting this on my old ipad. lkjljsd*#a Ah, I just dropped it! Help i'm pinned under its massive weight!!!
I feel the same way about some of my recent Sheen tweets as I do about haircuts I had in high school. PROUD&AMAZED!
In the first episode of "Casper the Friendly Ghost," Casper the friendly boy was kidnapped & murdered on his birthday.
If you let one of those dancing roadside Statues of Liberty do your taxes, your refund will be a hammer & a bag of tangerines.
Chimps & humans share 98% of their DNA. The 2% that's different is the part that yearns to rip people's faces & genitals off.
Linking your Four Square to Twitter is like handcuffing your fat smelly cousin Jody to Rosario Dawson.
People who love dark chocolate are always so snobby about it. Relax. It's just chocolate, you elitist ninnies.
i can tell by looking at your little picture what you smell like
So sick of voice-overs where the guy sounds like he doesn't give a s***. I want my voice-over guys to CARE!
A new study shows that 72% of shopping carts contain traces of fecal matter. Oh my God, they’re on to me.
Millions of dead anchovies have washed up in California. I guess the ocean can't stand the taste of them either.
If I was a Supreme Court Justice, I'd take all the buffet's individually-wrapped butters. I answer to no manager!
I'm gonna throw the next person who uses the phrase, "threw me under the bus" under a bus.
Peace, love and crabs everyone!! (the tasty shellfish...not the STD you pervs!)
Penis cake.
Chick beside me in class watched 2.5 episodes of One Tree Hill during class and then was concerned when she failed the midterm... #winning
Did I almost just s*** my pants in a cab? Yes. Did the cab driver thank me for holding it in? No. He just drove off like nothing happened.
Thank you, huge zit on my face, for keeping me humble.
Hard to believe that Adolf Hitler, Mother Teresa, & Lance Armstrong were all born at the same hospital on the same day.
Try the Chinese cities they're made in. RT @KimKardashian: We're naming our styles of shoes for Sears. should we name them after US cities?
Ever look for your glasses, only to find out you're wearing them, then slowly collapse by the fridge in SHEER TERROR?
In honor of Mardi Gras I am tweeting topless.
Italian may be the language of love, but English will always be the language of apologizing afterwards.
Happy fat tuesday! Or as it's now known, given our obesity rates: tuesday.
NEWS: Southern dude sues "Glee" for homosexual harassment.
FCC regulations stipulate that every commercial in 2011 must feature a chubby dude with a beard.
HUFFPO: "Gaga Threatens Lawsuit Over Human Breast Milk Ice Cream." Who didn't see this coming?
people just simply amaze me with there stupidity and drama.
If the woman next to me on this bus knew how many farts I've held in on this trip she'd be like "How cool of him. I wonder if he's single."
If I were Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck tried any of that crap with me I'd just be like "Stop it, you damn duck!" What could he do? Nothing!
Just once I would like to be able to walk into Dave and Buster's knowing I am completely in control of my life.
Traditional Hawaiian names would make the world a happier place. Nobody ever said, ?Screw you, Hepualaha'ole!?
You're wrong. I threw a handful of skittles all over the plane and it did not get the positive reaction I was hoping for. #tastetherainbow
Paris Hilton tweeted at Charlie Sheen: "I think I might have Tiger Blood." No, cutie. That's just your garden-variety herpes.
The smaller the skirt, the bigger the daddy issues.
It's official: @charliesheen is following me on Twitter, so I win. Charlie, I'm sending over a van to collect the goddesses.
The 575 lb. spokesman for a high-calorie restaurant called "The Heart Attack Grill" died yesterday. Yup...AIDS.
Why do bad guys keep kidnapping members of The Rock's family?
In fact, can somebody smart photoshop a pair of new balances to look like they're made entirely of beard? DM me.
9:00 am. Guy in airplane seat next to me drinking two Miller Lights while playing Monopoly on his phone. #winning
Just took a poop in the handicapped stall. #winning
If teachers are so great, how come they're not on VH1? #suckitteachers
Whenever I see a mom clopping around in stripper heels, I imagine the baby slipping dollar bills into her nursing bra.
Wow. Just heard the Kim Kardashian song. Stick to getting peed on, Kim.
I just bought a gun at Blockbuster.
I know I'll be a good dad because I already dress like a freakin idiot.
NOT ONCE have I heard the term "cul-de-sac" & not thought "ball-de-sac" & been very satisfied with myself.
Guys, I think once we see Jar Jar Binks in 3D, we'll finally "get" him & realize that Lucas was a genius all along.
Advice to old folks who forget what they're talking about: Just start dancing! It's fun & more interesting than your story.
For what started as a message board for Israeli bodybuilders, Twitter sure has come a long way.
The iPad 2 will be released on March 11th. Of course, as a celebrity, I'm already using my complimentary iPad 7. The screen touches ME!
In my last brain-freeze induced hallucination, I learned the hard way that there are a lot of things I won't do for a Klondike Bar
Anyone who texts, tweets or says the phrase "I'm back, b**ches!" wasn't really missed by anyone in the first place.
Battle: Los Angeles should be renamed "War of the Worlds 2: This time they brought vaccines"
If Mike Tyson doesn't get that tattoo on his face finished, I'm gonna beat the living s*** out him.
Hey, why didn't any of you a**holes tell me that Tom Arnold and Meatloaf are the same dude?
Ruger is coming out w a new pistol n honor of Obama. It will be called the "Union Worker." It doesn't work & u can't fire it.
Trying to take a nap and every time I doze off @charliesheen throws a handful of snap-n-pops on the floor next to my bed. Enough, Charlie!
All the cheese fell of my pizza and now life is completely f#%ked!
Girl Scout Cookie season. Get between me & a Thin Mint or a Do-Si-Do & I'll rip your face off & eat it as an appetizer.
Don't pee on me & tell me it's raining. Pee on me & tell me you love me.
Trying to live-tweet Charlie Sheen is like trying to put a sweater on a hummingbird.
An apple a day may keep the doctor away - but all these Macbooks are getting expensive.
A Charlie Chaplin movie is comic art at its highest level. But have you ever tried to sit through one of the f**king things?
You guys, we have to make a pact not to tell @charliesheen about 5 hour energy drink.
My Policy:Somebody tweets something mean about me, I block them. Somebody tweets something mean about celebs, I follow them.
End of Raiders of the Lost Ark. Ark opens. Spirits fly out. Faces melt. That wasn't god. That was Charlie Sheen. #icantstopsorry
Ever get those scratches at night on your arm that you don't remember scratching in the morning? It means your a Sleep Cutter.
When life gives you LEMONS then squirt the juice at them.
Matthew McConaughey just said, ?negatory.? Thanks for being exactly who I think you are.
Rappers, here's a good potential rhyme: something about "wet blanket" and "my b**** is yanking it." You're welcome.
Charlie Sheen: “I Am On A Drug, It's Called Charlie Sheen." I look forward to "This is your brain on Charlie Sheen" commercials.
In addition to announcing the iPad 2 today, Steve Jobs also announced the Sheen-inspired operating system: OS X TigerBlood.
If you ever send email with the subject line: "FWD: fw: FW: FW: Re: FW: FW: FW:" you can be certain that the recipients hate you.
Remember: when someone says u have bad breath they're saying your source of life smells gross
If anyone ever autotunes me or anyone I care about, I'll throw you in a volcano & give your life savings to the Tea Party.
You f****** well better. RT @KimKardashian: I believe in fairy tales
How terrifying would it be to actually not know the difference between your ass and a hole in the ground?
My wife just imposed a strict “no goddess” policy.
When my mother calls me with computer problems, she has the tone of someone physically trapped underneath a huge computer.
Making a typo in a tweet is like talking to someone with your penis hanging out.
I am a great friend. Know that if you get into a fistfight, I will stand in the corner and be EXTREMELY sarcastic.
If your favorite dance song isn't Rock Lobster, I will fight you in the street right now.
It would be fun to evacuate my bowels onto the monsters giving Charlie Sheen airtime under the guise of "news."
If wetting the bed til you're 12 isn't cool, then my name isn't Fonzie Robocop.
Poor Lady Gaga. Today's Charlie Sheen interviews effortlessly trumped the crazy of her video debut.
Just found James Franco in the alley behind my apartment playing checkers with a pigeon.
But blind people's guide dogs are always the ones I wanna pet the most! They're so dutiful & cute & deserving of pettings!
Humans are the best because we have buttcheeks that cover our buttholes even when we're naked. OK, mighty lion?
Hey Mr. Fancy Architect. That amazing building you designed? I s*** in it. Probably didn't have that in your blueprint.
I’m sorry if you can’t make it to NYC to bid on my portrait. I hope in the future technology will allow us to hold auctions online.
Everybody at Charlie Sheen's house commits mass suicide at some point, correct?
Comedians r like girls. They hate each other be4 they meet, then meet, bcome BFFs 2 fast & end up hating 1 another 4 new reasons.
How come when Charlie Sheen acts like this he's an addict but when Tony Robbins acts like this, he's a success coach?
An elderly woman at an ATM asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. Yup, she needs a walker
Let me save you some trouble at the club tonight: If you've ever made up a "Chuck Norris Fact," you're not on the list.
“When life gives you lemons, make lemonade,” is a great thing to say if you want people to hate you.
I just gave a woman $700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane.
"Look at me! I can grip your finger & s*** my pants at the same time!" - my friend's unbelievably ugly baby
If a cop busts you with a prostitute, slip an engagement ring on her finger & be like "Joke's on you, bro; we're in love!"
Watching the Oscars. Not crazy about the womb Natalie Portman's baby chose to wear.
I don't follow language much so I'm gonna go ahead and assume "beunos tardes" means "so long, you f****** retards."
Anne Hathaway has gone from a woman I didn't care about to a woman I want to make cry and then kick out of my car.
Black Swan is lesbian footloose. #oscars
James Franco wasn't stoned. You've just never heard him talk before.
is walking through the icu dressed as the grim-reeper
Can't decide which need is more pressing: peeing or eating chips.
How great would it be if we really burped bubbles when we were drunk, just like in cartoons? Answer: really great.
No thanks, classmates.com. It's bad enough trying to avoid these people on facebook.
The "Pajama Jeans" infomercial that plays during the 2am-3am hour is the saddest hour of the day. Yet somehow I still bought a pair...
I think we can all agree that the most persecuted figure in history is the straight white male in America in 2011.
My daughter can't stop square dancing. The doctor says it may be Hoe-Down Syndrome.
I need to work on my potty mouth. (I mean I swear too much; I don't let people actually poop into my mouth)
Charlie Sheen's behavior would suggest he has dinner reservations with Anna Nicole Smith tonight.
Hey rapists, knock that s*** off.
Love that new song where that clever black fellow does a sort of "rhythm-talking" & uses such fantastic rhymes!
Sometimes I wish I had two hearts, so I could wear one on my sleeve to show people my feelings without dying.
Tiger Woods loses again. PGA Tour President implores him to "start screwing like a maniac again."
Will Smith is the first person ever to have had hit records, a hit tv show, hit movies and hit sperm.
"You've never worked in restaurants & don't speak good English? Yes, you can work our delivery line!" Every diner mgr. ever
I ran over a poor little squirrel today. After 4 attempts. Those things are fast.
My dog keeps trying to get my attention but until he plays that Sarah McLachlan song I'm not gonna take him seriously.
Eskimos moved in next door. Can I still call them that? I don't have to say "Arcto–Americans" or some bulls**t, right?
Men: Let's evolve away from external testicles. Balls are silly & weird looking.
...And that's when I told him I don't care if you are the Leader and Guide of the Revolution- the lady wants lobster you get her a lobster!
Governments toppling...economic crisis...natural disasters...but much more importantly: JUSTIN BIEBER GOT A HAIRCUT!!!
Without awful parents we'd have no strippers & comedians. Withhold hugs today to create tomorrow's brightest stars! - Why I don't write PSAs
Far, far worse than anal cancer. RT @KimKardashian: What did you guys think of Kourtney and Kim Take New York????
FAT VAL KILMER JUST CHASED ME 8 BLOCKS WITH A SHOVEL
Say no to drugs. Although if you're talking to drugs you may already be on drugs.
A lot of people can't pull off a Sand People from Star Wars tunic. Gadhafi can.
I know it's late, but I just thought of a #horriblepickupline. "I'm bi-curious. Curious if you're bi."
Is it spelled Ghadaffi or A**hole?
We have a new cat. Which is the same thing as saying I have a new enemy.
St. Valentine got shot with like a million arrows so you could have a nice meal and get some junky flowers.
Twitter spoils us. If only we could limit people in real life to 140 characters or less.
I just bought a banana with a credit card.
Am I the only one who refers to his crotch area as "the junkyard?"
There should be a shoe co. like Tom's, but instead of giving shoes to the poor, they steal shoes from a person of ur choice.
Ghadafi & his son are the worst Libyans since the ones who shot Doc Brown at the mall parking lot in "Back to the Future."
What is green, has 4 legs, and would kill you if it fell out of a tree?
a pool table :)
Dear guy wearing a bluetooth headset while grocery shopping...we all know you need the extra hand for shoplifting. Thank you for fitting a stereotype.
I had the option of either watching the Daytona 500 or having my genitals ripped off by a female bodybuilder............Despite having a higher voice I believe I made the less painful choice.
There should be a professional sport that involves eating a small bowl of ice cream while lying on the couch. I would dominate.
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." Unless you're on Jersey Shore. You can't catch herpes twice.
And now a magic trick tweet: See this asterisk? [*] Now I'll blow on it and... [ ] it's gone! Snap my fingers and [*] it's back!
I just almost responded to a crazy person on Twitter but I decided to pee in my sock drawer instead.
IF YOU LOVED YOUR DAUGHTER YOU WOULD PUT HER IN PAGEANTS.
"The club can't even handle me right now." What, like structurally? Should we call an engineer? Evacuate? Advise.
Borders books filed for bankruptcy. How do you sleep at night, Angry Birds?
I'm gonna try to get my family health insurance. RT @iamdiddy: Personal Dream: Im gonna star in a movie in the next 20 months
If Morgan Freeman guided me through an earpiece, I'm confident I could catch any serial killer.
I always buy the insurance when I rent a car so that if the Eagles come on the radio I can drive into a river.
AMERICAN SNAPSHOT: I saw a woman reading "Gastric Bypass Surgery for Dummies" in a Del Taco today.
Only in L.A.... I just saw a sign that said, “Welcome to Los Angeles.
Harry Reid wants Nevada to outlaw prostitution. Let me suggest a new campaign slogan: "Harry Reid wants to give it to hookers."
Thanks to twitter, I now carry 5 inch gold stars that I stick on people's foreheads when they say something funny.
Let me just pound your head into the cement for a quick second.
For someone who says they hate the way they look... You sure take a lotta damn pictures of yourself.
F*ck this sh*t! I'm moving to Bikini Bottom!
What do you get when you have sex with a pregnant woman? 
baby with a black eye!
Effective at 2pm today, I would like to be referred to mostly by my new name: Crystal Delicious, B**ch of the Streets. Thank you.
If I could say one thing to Gadhafi right now it would be "Look- you've had a nice run. Why not focus on that? Also, can I have your hat?"
What is the name for people who play video games with the sound up really loud on the subway? Oh, yeah- a**holes.
My daughter asked me not to come drunk to her school play. Too bad, I really wanted to see it.
I think Ke$ha is homeless and uses the $ to trick us into thinking she's got money and lives in a house.
Sure, a computer can win at Jeopardy, but can it balance a Cheerio on the tip of its nose? Because I CAN!!!
Just had a significant miscalculation regarding the location of the toilet bowl and my urine stream. #badatmath
You can lead a horse to water but you can't unstuff a banana and fill it with ground beef and marry it in most states.
Whenever I exit a public toilet, I make sweaty eye contact with the person waiting & say “Top that, cowboy.
You should never run with scissors - unless there's an urgent paper bisecting emergency to get to.
Obama slams Iran for beating protestors: "If you want to hurt people, cut social services like the U.S. is about to."
A man's trailer house, is his castle.
Justin Bieber is the best comeback to any aurgument. You just can't argue with the Biebs!
The Microsoft Word paperclip guy should advise me in real life. "Looks like you're ordering one more drink. Don't."
I suppose "Love in the Time of Cholera" is a much better title than "Love in the Time of Explosive, Watery Diarrhea."
Dear guy who would catch a grenade for me, I'm actually on my way to Iraq and thought you could help me out...
My boyfriend of 6 months called me. He said his mom was making him choose between having a dog or having a girlfriend. I asked him which one he picked. He was quiet, I heard barking in the background.
After pulling an all-nighter, I had the pleasure of meeting my girlfriend's mother for the very first time. She walked in on me in the bathroom...I had fallen asleep while taking a dump...
I learned the hard way that if you walk up to a hobo by your car pooping, they will chase you yelling, "Get out of my bathroom!"
I jokingly asked my boyfriend of one year - "why is someone as smart, funny and as handsome as you with someone like me?" he replied - "opposites attract."
Botox makes it that much easier for people to lie to you with a straight face.
"And after that halftime show the Black Eyed Peas lived out the rest of their days fighting crime in outer space."
Ate my husband on this day two years ago. #blackwidowhistorymonth
The word I find most offensive is probably retarnigfagtard.
Don't run with scissors. You can go faster if you're riding a motorcycle.
You know somethings wrong with your daughter when even Justin Bieber won't cheer her up
Watching a little kid learn to brush their teeth is adorable unless they are trying to use a sharpie with no cap on.
I just stubbed my toe so hard that I called my ex gf that I haven't spoken to in 5 years and broke up with her again.
Maybe Travolta & Nick Cage's movies are so bad because they did the Face/Off thing 4 real & wanna make each other look bad.
"No, ladies, you can't play with us, but you can dress like sluts and encourage us." The guy who invented cheerleading.
The girl who I have had a crush on for 2 years snuck up from behind me and gave me a hug. I farted very loud at the same exact time...
I got mauled by a cat named Mr. Sprinkles.
I was in minding my own business in bed in my dorm room. It was dark and my roommate came over, intending to slap my ass really hard. The problem is, I was lying face up...
I got rear-ended in the scariest part of downtown at night by a man who spoke hardly any english. But he managed to ask if I would go out dancing with him instead of calling my insurance company.
Rain in LA is actually the tears of former starlets who have commited suicide.
Funniest joke ever would be if everybody started sending me money. I'd be like, ?Whaaat?!??
You hate Justin Bieber?? At least now we don't have to teach kids the rule of "i before e."
WHY MUST KITTENS BECOME CATS???
I just punched a woman as hard as I could in the face. It's OK though, because we were in a Trader Joe's parking lot.
I just took a dump that was like killing all the green pigs with one red bird!
Soo I was like to my friend look at that little girl in the purple jacket she has a unibrow. My friend was like umm that's my little sister!
We rushed my brother to the hospital because he was crying so hard he couldn't breathe. Why was he crying? His favorite anime character died.
Quiche, I don't care what they say about you. I think you're fabulous. Wait, did I just say fabulous? QUICHE WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME!??
Sometimes it's fun to ask someone how they are but then before they can respond say, "Anyway" and change the subject.
#ReasonsMubarakIsLate Uninstalling dictator ... 99% complete ---------------------------- -ERROR-
#ReasonsMubarakIsLate He opened a can of Pringles....once you pop you just can't stop!!!
#ReasonsMubarakIsLATE There is security check up to make sure @kanyewest does not jump in and take the mic.
"I'm in my 30s now, so I express myself primarily through my sneakers." - Some Ahole
If I had a nickel for every time I said "If I had a nickel," I'd have 2 nickels. I don't say it much.
Dear homeless man with noise-cancelling headphones, rock on.
I thought I saw lady gaga today. It ended up just being a crazy guy in a wig who had wrapped himself in tinsel and tin foil.
Don't tell me the best things in life are free and then get angry when I steal your iPod.
Whenever I walk past the abercrombie and fitch store, I get hit with a wave of body-spray/date-rape fumes.
To all who say "vurp" is the word for burp-vomit instead of "skorp," the word I made up, go screw your skorping self.
You know what would be a horrible way to die? Getting shot through the heart with an arrow by a naked, flying baby.
For Valentines Day I bought my wife an actual human heart. Xxx Ooo!
mr. Krabs lives in bikini bottom.....
ABOUT US
Next time someone presses the elevator button you've already pressed, act totally impressed & tell them they did it waaaay better than you.
Dear self flushing toilet: I'm not done peeing. Stop spraying my butt w ur jumping-the-gun juice
My wife claims to "love the Lord of the Rings," yet she never laughs when I call her "Bilbo Saggins."
Hey Feminazis, I sprained my wrist jet-skiing this weekend, so you can shut up about the "pain of childbirth."
World Health Org: "Alcohol causes more deaths than AIDS, TB or violence." Yeah, but it makes up for it w/ pregnancies, so...
Wearing edible undies for V-day. They're "Fruit of the Loom" flavored, but the pair I ate at lunch didn't taste like any identifiable fruit.
Valentine's Day is almost here! Ladies, get your hopes up! Fellas, get your apologies ready!
When i woke up today i had the "ooze" from "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" coming out my nose. I rubbed it all over the dog in hopes that he will mutate into something awesome!
my dad woke me up at 6 told me to take a shower and drove me to school only to say "just kidding, happy snowday!"
My adorable 8 year old son told me he no longer wanted me to pick him up from school. When I asked why he said. "I told everyone at school my mommy is pretty... and I don't want people to know I lied".
The dude next to me at Starbucks keeps trying to hide his iPad screen from me. Like I care that his password is bieberfever10.
If the sunrise is a beautiful newborn baby, sunset is an old, withered baby with a pink & orange beard.
I took a prenatal vitamin by mistake this morning so my next few farts will probably be able to do simple math.
The cool part about traffic is that everyone's on the way to their awesome job or their awesome family, so everyone's happy.
A new study says that parrots tend to be left-handed. So that's why mine never got the hang of using scissors.
What's the difference between KE$HA and a dog howling? The dog sounds better...
Dear dude who would "catch a grenade" for me, the fact that you expect me to do the same for you is retarded...just to keep this simple, next time we meet, I'll bring a grenade
I had one more gift to buy: a copy of 'Fight Club'. I asked a person working at Best Buy if they had any in stock. The man wouldn't sell me the last copy because I had broken the first two rules. WTF does that mean?!?
I was watching Harry Potter. When all the students at Hogwarts started to clap at one point, I started clapping myself. Officially at the bottom of the friend hierarchy.
I learned to check inside the oven before you preheat it. Sometimes children hide their pet rabbit in there. Can't picture Snuggles going to bunny heaven...
My imitation of Anderson Cooper being attacked by Egyptian mobs: "Hey, stop it! I'm Anderson Cooper! Ow! Im Anderson Cooper! Not the hair! Cut it out!"
When dogs sniff pee on a tree, that's like their facebook.
Larry the Cable Guy show debuts on History Channel. Hitler says he's thrilled to share his network with his favorite comic.
FACT: The leading form of birth control for men is wearing a hockey jersey.
If I could have dinner w/ any 2 people from history, I'd pick Anne Frank & Hitler, because it would be so awkward for Hitler.
The South will rise again. It will then pass out drunk behind a 7-11. For this it will blame it's first wife and all Mexicans.
Mubarak says he will not step down unless Brendan Frasier agrees to do a fourth Mummy movie.
Just finished boxing training and don't think I've came so close to throwing up so many times in an hour since I watched the last Bachelor
Lindsey Lohan is back in the news for robbery. What an attention whore.
No...Morgan Freeman is not dead. But his hair died 16 years ago. It's mummified now.
The moon looks like God's toenail. Jus sayin...
Some guy just asked me to follow him into the restroom so he could show me the Eye of London. What does this mean?
I mostly blame this country's obesity epidemic on Hungry Hungry Hippos.
If your dog has weird unsightly nipples, it's OK to throw 3 or 4 little bras on it.
Egyptians to Mubarak: "So, like, do you need us to call you a cab or something?"
Egyptians to Mubarak: "Hey, so we're gonna hop in the shower. If you're not here when we get out, last night was...fun?"
Whenever drunk girls do the "Charlie's Angels" pose in pics, I feel like a villain from the show because I want to kill them.
Psychotherapy is like the boardgame Clue: "I know who did it. It was my mother, with the passive-aggression, in the 80's."
You wanna know what floats my boat? The volume of water displaced multiplied by it's density being equal to weight if gravity applied onto the boat.
Nothing like being given the bird by an attractive girl driving a BMW 530i. Classy.
You know that your 4 year old is up to no good when he runs up to the door to your office, says "I love you Dad", shuts the door, and runs away.
Man...I love pandas, there so chill. There like "Dude racism is stupid, im white, black and asian!"
Are hipsters tattooing their dogs yet?
Just saw a woman & her dog wearing matching Roethlisberger jerseys. Don't worry; I s*** in my hand & threw it at them.
Just invented the word “bro-ner.” Still working on the definition.
This Super Bowl could end in sudden death; especially for that fat guy in the Packers hat eating bratwurst.
Enjoy the game, and remember, it's not who wins or loses, it's who has the most amount of sexual assault charges against them dropped.
Bicycle helmets save lives. Because if you wear one, women will never have sex with you, so you'll never get AIDS.
Driving through Maine. I almost hit a deer. It said something racist at a gas station and backed down when I raised my fist.
ust had the worst Charlie horse EVER! That's what I get for not exercising all week. By that, I mean chasing Nicolas Cage with a pitchfork
I thought I saw a woodchuck far out in my yard. I wanted to take a cool picture of it so I slowly crept closer and closer to it. I spent half an hour sneaking up on a log...
I just burned my nephew terribly. Console me? #worstpickuplines
Next time someone says "I don't know whether to laugh or cry," kick them in the shin really hard so they'll know for sure.
The Cheesecake Factory's mascot is a 400 lb diabetic clown chasing a schoolbus with a bloody axe.
MEG WHITE REACH OUT TO ME I WILL CONSOLE YOU I HAVE ALWAYS LOVED YOU
If you're a man over 30 & you take your shirt off, even to bathe, screw you.
GOP: You can redefine rape all you want, but what I just did to that handful of lotion will never be okay.
If Costco is just a grocery store on steroids, then Wal-Mart is just a 7-Eleven with type 2 diabetes.
Thought I'd let my butt tweet tonight. Here goes: Uuugh too many wyngz... churn... burp... rumble... growl... more wygnz, please!
Everyone's fine with babies being entertained by keys, but let one baby drive a Porsche and suddenly I'm a horrible uncle.
I don't blame Mubarak for what's happening in Egypt. I blame his evil vizier Jafar. Who appoints a parrot to a cabinet position?
Only Irish Coffee provides in a single glass all 4 essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, & fat.
I'm going to live-tweet this fart. Hmmm. Moist. Acidic. And.... done.
Hey, you're in the KKK, I'm in the KKK, here we are in this Sam's Club mens room, hard. Why not help each other out? #worstpickuplines
You can't run from your problems forever. Eventually, you'll have to take a car or a plane to really avoid them.
"Wow, that was a very good sandwich." - Liam Neeson, at some point, probably
I got pulled over while dancing to crazy techno beats in the car. The officer RAN out of his car and up to mine and pounded on my window. He thought I was having a seizure...
I was spacing out in French class and randomly got an erection. My professor called on me to stand up at the front of the room and say, "I am wearing a belt," in French.
my son told his teacher that she "has a nice rack." He's four.
Concerned that Islamist radicals in Egypt will sand down tops of Pyramids just to be assholes #KeepThePyramidsPointy
Just blew the opportunity of a lifetime. A German woman sneezed and I said bless you instead of gazundheit. Son of a...
Egyptian prime minister apologized for yesterday's violence. That should make everything better.
Tomato basil soup, I JUST OWNED YOU!!!
I hate the KKK as much as anyone, but it is neat that they introduced "hoodies" to American fashion.
I know I shouldn't, since I'm not handicapped, but if nobody's around I prefer to go poop in a handicapped parking spot.
already failed on my new year's resolution. it was "don't smoke or go to chuck e. cheese." i did both.
Funfact: the Jonas Brothers' promise rings were actually about promising to act really Christian and look really Jewish.
A homeless guy yelled "hey you got a dollar?!" at me from across the street. Talk about expanding your market strategy.
Rock beats scissors, paper beats rock, scissors beats paper, and apparently cheese beats towel.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there.... With justin bieber! So I can slap the girlie voice straight out of him!!!!
Being random is an art that takes time to master unless ur ADD or ADHD like me, randomness is part of the package
Dear "Big Time Rush", boy bands came to an end in the 90's.  Please go get real jobs or I will force you to do a gig in Egypt.
Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you'll land amongst the stars - deprived of oxygen and probably dead already.
Watching "Precious." Should've won the oscar for best make-up. I can't even tell that it's Martin Lawrence.
dear Ke$ha - that's not an "s," it's a dollar sign. just thought you should know cause it looks really stupid. love, b-.
If you're saying no to drugs, like literally yelling "NO!" at a bag of weed, you're probably really really high.
I set my igloo to room temperature. Bad idea.
Mum, today is Groundhog Day. I will spend all day watching Groundhog Day; which is what I did yesterday. Send condoms.
Exercise machines are just torture devices with better marketing campaigns.
I love when these Bachelorettes talk about their "journey." You're whoring yourselves for 15 minutes of fame, not climbing Kilimanjaro.
Useful Tip #24601: Blame any pot smell on passer-by rappers.
Stressed? Try this: picture a lake at dawn. Ducks beginning to stir… Then drink 22 beers & drive your car into a church.
Stop staring. I know I look good. (;
I wish I had a penguin...
would name him Pablo...
wave his magic flappers...
then he'd make it snow...
run and play all day!
travel through the snow!
something something something
then we'd lalalooo!!!
I should be a songwriter
Never take a racist guy to a basketball game!
Isn't it obvious what Taco Bell meat is made from? Magic. Pure Mexican magic.
Axe should name their scents more appropriately, like: "Desperation," or "Lives With Mom," or "Mage-Leveling Wizard."
I hope the inventor of the Egg McMuffin won the Nobel Prize in Fart Odor Replication.
"Don't go chasin' waterfalls, or you will get AIDS." - TLC's hit single, "Waterfalls"
Guy behind me just clumsily yanked on my headrest for leverage to get up out of his seat, like Hitler might've done.
Is it wrong to scream “You got pwned” in your son’s face after beating him at Hungry Hungry Hippos?
What do Santa claus and tiger woods have in common? They both stop after 3 ho's
my boyfriend said he wants a Hello Kitty wedding.
Just caught my 5 yr old son pooping in an open manhole on the street. Not my proudest moment.
at a hard rock concert, a bunch of guys accidentally knocked down a port-a-potty while moshing. I was inside that port-a-potty
I was on Skype with a guy I really like, in the living room. My dad saw that I was on video chat, got undressed, right down to his bright green y-fronts, and then started dancing behind me. My crush saw it all.
I had to go to the police station to pick up my 42 year old dad. Why? He was caught stealing candy
I found out that my husband named our daughter after his favorite porn star...
I have never wanted to pee standing up more than when I look out my back door and see a yard full of snow. Girl fail. :(
I found out my husband had bought my 1-year-old daughter a shirt that says "Birth Control Fail" in pink glittery letters. He even took her out in it while I was at work.
I was in the car with my friends. A techno song came on and we started fist pumping. We hit a bump, I fist pumped myself in the face, and crashed into a stop sign.
I had to explain to my son that his dad was too busy in a raid on World of Warcraft to be at his award ceremony.
Learning Taco Bell meat is not meat is like finding out cigarettes are addictive.
Revolution in Egypt not nearly as interesting to me as what Charlie Sheen puts in his nose.
You know that button in the elevator with a fireman’s hat on it? Turns out that’s NOT the button you push to order a fireman’s hat.
Is it just me, or is it getting tougher and tougher these days to find a reputable pogs tournament?
Dear Justin Bieber,
trying to be the next Ken doll.
Barbie.
Lost my wallet today. Back tracked 10 miles and found my wallet laying in the road. Promptly went to McDonalds and the cashier snapped my debit card in half. Love my life.
Big fat gypsy weddings should be called 'pimp my bride'
I lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me?
Using your finger gestures to "quote" what you are saying makes you look f'ing "stupid"
'i cant wait till im like 21 so i can be on th jersey shore'. 'wen ur 21 the cast will all be fist pumping in a nursing home'
Found a weird stain on my freshly washed sweatshirt, went to do an investigative sniff and smacked myself on the lips with suspicious stain. Day = ruined.
Today I will be in Belgium, France, + England. In preparation for my journey, I have shaved myself from the neck down. Also made sandwiches.
Men: why wear SlimTs when you can just kill yourself?
I'm not 100% certain who's shitting on my lawn so I just kick the first 5 people with dogs I see each day.
Sad day. We had to put my daughter's puppy Snoodles to sleep because he farted while I was watching SportsCenter :(
My next wife is definitely gonna be a beefy dude so we can wrestle more violently.
Several coincidences means someone wants you dead
People on American Idol say "I'm the next American idol!" but end up sounding like crap.
There are people with 30,000+ posts on message forums. Blood clots haven't killed them yet??
You know that nauseated feeling you get from lactic acid release after a really intense workout? Yeah, me neither.
I like that Lil Wayne song where he's like, "Young Money, p****, p****, p****, Weezy F Baby (cackle and laugh)!" That song is great.
The last thing the wise man said to me was - "Help! I'm drowning." I never knew what he meant by that. He was so wise.
Eating Double Stuf Oreos and drinking Half and Half because they even each other out, mathematically.
Ate a lot of ice cream last night. Ass abortion this morning.
Just started dating this great girl. We played gestures with all her friends tonight. I had to act out a dolphin. She broke up with me on the way home...
"Wheeeeee!" - Glenn Danzig, riding an owl around a graveyard
The worst is when I slip up & greet someone with a "How are you?" & then they ACTUALLY TELL ME HOW THEY ARE, LIKE A MONSTER.
How freakin' good do babies smell!? I wanna jam one up each nostril and rob a bank!
Somebody probably has the phone number 1-800-JEW-FART.
Lawyer question: It's still technically murder if you make ironic “air quotes” while doing it, right?
Hey Biden, I will give you $10,000 if you pick your nose right now. #sotu
Is there a "Your Kid Looks The Same As Yesterday" button on Facebook?
12 string guitars only have 6 extra strings, but they're 85 TIMES as likely to be used in a song about wizards.
People joke about Bieber Fever. Don't. Sigourney Weaver Fever killed my father.
"We just need to chillax with the Taliban & smoke some hope-ium." - Barack Obama just said this #sotu
"In America, you can own a store or do a watercolor of a dolphin with your penis." - Barack Obama, just now #sotu
Oprah revealed she has a secret half-sister. Great, now everybody is going to want one.
If Obama really believed the state of our union was strong, he would have proved it by karate chopping that podium in half.
I'm such a rebel i say no when Dora asks for help...IN YOUR FACE BACKPACK!
Did Obama anounce when th iPhone 5 was coming out?
Bad comebacks+awkward cheerleader+childhood memories= "my brother will sit on you"
The eyes are the nipples of the face
I saw a video of me last night, hammered, climbing my wardrobe screaming "I WANT TO GO TO NARNIA" naked.
My grandpa just had a flashback to Vietnam. I'm now missing a tooth and have a cracked rib. Never seen an old man move like that.
Really hope the cute girl at Starbucks noticed how my blue & white Polo matched my blue & white Polo sneakers
Is it me or do a lot of the new pop songs I'm hearing sound like they were stolen from a German night club? #reallyimportantstuff
I was at Costco & saw they sell Mature Multi-vitamins. Are these for old people or porn stars? Help.
Pretty proud that after all these years I still have the body of a 22 yr old triathlete. In my storage shed.
To help with the budget deficit, tonight will be the first-ever Tostitos™ State of the Union Address.
My friend Toren walks into Hooters and orders "chicken breast, but can you hold the chicken"
My friends told me I had big balls if I doorbell ditched this house. I did. And I got caught. My dad picked me up after talking to the cops. Let's just say, those big balls I earned, will never grow again.
How come when your wides pregnant, all her female friends rub her tummy and say  congratulations! But nobody rubs your balls and says good job!
I found out how hard a lemon is to the nuts when being hurled by an angry girlfriend for losing at Wii Sports...
Kill Bill Vol III - Republicans attempt to overturn Obama Healthcare plan
Just realized a trombone is nothing more than a glorified slide whistle.
I AM THE BEST AT BOWLING IN MY FAMILY! IN YOUR FACE, WIFE AND CHILDREN!
How can we call ourselves "evolved" when signs are needed to remind employees to wash their hands after going to the bathroom?
Let's bring back calling people a boob
Just got back from a children's birthday party thrown by @j----------. So much blood. I've never seen so much blood.
Let's be honest; we incarcerate everyone with goatees, violent crime drops by 85%.
Cats probably wouldn't need 9 lives if they wore tiny little helmets and didn't smoke cigarettes.
Dude chill it's p.e not the olypics
Do double chins run in your family? Oh wait your family doesn't run!
A great childhood memory: Putting your face infront of a working fan and talking so your voice will sound different :)
If you're happy and you know it, share your meds!
What is an acceptably sized to-go item to order at a Thai restaurant to justify taking a huge dump in their restroom? Asking for a friend.
I like to get in my opponent's head when I play chess by miniaturizing myself & riding a ladybug up their nose.
Just saw a cute little boy eating a HUGE cookie! I taught him a lesson about loss that I know he'll appreciate one day.
Even Tom doesn't use myspace anymore.
Say what you will about Steven Tyler's plastic surgery and use of makeup...he's still a beautiful woman.
My Butt is dying to give America a message. I've agreed 2 let it just this once. Go ahead Butt: Uuuuuuaadfggdsdfgksdkksdhjfkjjj
"Ooh fun, I have an email!" - me, forgetting about the email I sent myself NOT ONE SECOND AGO
There probably isn't any Sarah McLachlan on Michael Vick's iPod.
You say "potato," I say "Stay away from my family."
My friend's dog just made a smell I've never smelled before. I'm hallucinating & feel good about the future.
I’ll say it: The Fonz’s trademark insult, “Sit on it!” has not aged well.
US human rights policy: If you're weak, like the Taliban, we invade. If you own us, like China, we throw you a dinner.
Starbucks is now offering a cup that you climb into and have coffee poured all over you.
Instead of an opulent state dinner, Obama should've taken Hu Jintao to Denny's and pretended he was under 12 to eat free.
Alcohol does NOT make you fat, it makes you LEAN...against tables, chairs, walls, and sometimes...grenades.
dear other guys at the airport urinals who didn't laugh with me when some dude in the stall farted, you have no souls.
watching the spelling bee on tv. i would stump these kids by giving them words like S-E-X and F-R-I-E-N-D-S.
i heard that if you sneak into a twilight movie and blast justin bieber, the combination impregnates everyone.
Love means never having to say you're sorry. So I'll just say that it's unfortunate that I ran over your dog.
blasting the Ke$ha album in my room. there are rats in here and i'm trying to make them commit suicide.
9/11/2001 a day when terrorists wanted to send us a message. 9/11/2010 i unfriended Osama Bin Laden on facebook. WE WON!
dear taxi driver who's eating a large bag of pull n peel twizzlers and listening to ABBA, thank you for existing.
Oh I get it! Betty White is saying dirty stuff and she's a little old lady! She's so old! And little! HAHAHAHAHAHA #itsgettingold
Hey China, our president's taller than your president!
I'm going to Disney world I'm going to Disney world and more important your not  your not
Why I refuse to drink Coca Cola products: open the fridge, take a coke, open, take a sip. KAY, here comes the punchline. Okay, me Chinese me play joke. Me go peepee in your coke :D... Little bastard. You just had to ruin it for eveyone. Didntcha? First they feed our kids lead, and now theyre pissing in our coke?  I say screw em! Screw em all! Wait no! I love you china(:
Another boring sushi date? Here's a fun idea: Each time they're about to take a bite, yell: "Wait! I think it moved!"
If you're talking on your cell phone in a public bathroom, I will flush the toilet over and over so your friend knows exactly where you are.
I know the iPad's been out for a bit but I still want to knock them out of people's hands when I see them.
Is there not a tailor in the land who can make me a mask of living kittens without harming them?!
Brett Favre has filed retirement papers. And to show things are different this time, not one of them contains a photo of his junk.
Can't wait to curl up in my Coma Cozy tonight, emerge tomorrow as a glorious butterfly, and crawl back inside because I'm too lazy to fly.
My girlfriend I such a good cook the smoke alarms applaud her
Loud farts in movie theaters = memorable moments
Dear Xbox Kinect, if i wanted to use my whole body to play sports, i would just play sports.
Some people are only alive because its illegal to shoot them and surprisingly difficult to bury them in the back garden without the neighbor noticing... 
I dont know what's more exhausting about parenting the getting up early or the acting like u know what ur doing.
If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun. If they bring a fork, we bring noodle pudding.
Bad sign on a flight. When the attendant asks over the intercom, "Is there a mechanic on the plane?"
GUYS GUYS I'M LITTLE DRUNK RIGHT NOW, BUT STEPHENS MOM AND I REALLY HIT IT OFF AND ONW THING LEAD TO ANOTHER AND...  ahh I'm just kidding Stephen, happy birthday bro!!
I just went onto myspace, because I needed a reminder of how bad it is.
Somebody should do something with that thing they use for the Sleep Number bed, only for boobs.
U know wen ur taking a crap, and u think "dayumm this is gonna b a huge one" nd it ends up being like th size of ur pinky finger? Yeah....its disappointing
I like turtles cause they're chill. They don't harm anybody . they're like hey man I'm just gonna chill and maybe eat some lettuce , because I'm a turtle.
There's nothing like going through airport security to remind me how irritated I have been with Osama bin Laden lately.
Looking forward to my son's basketball game this morning, mostly because I look so adorable in this cheerleader outfit.
Tonight's New Drinking Game: Every time someone attempts a joke about "Golden Globes" being "boobs" you break a beer bottle over their head.
If Ed Gein and Jeffrey Dahmer were watching this red carpet pre-show, they'd hear the hosts ask, "Who are you wearing?" and laugh and laugh.
Just figured out if I can just get 52 friends who invite me to their birthdays, I can get free cake (on average) every week...SWEET.
What is YOUR inner Calvin sticker pissing on?
If we really want to slow down Iran's nuclear program, we should trick them into going with AT&T.
There should be a law that if a person scares the freaking daylights out of everyone he meets, he can't buy a gun.
I refuse to get out of my giraffe jammies
Watching animal hoarders a woman has 84 freakin cats and she calls them her children... that's so me in 10 yrs
Ppl attack the makers of Spongebob Squarepants, calling him a gay icon which isn't appropriate for families, curiously they leave Sandy Cheeks alone....
I just found out that I am not coordinated enough to wear my Snuggie and walk to the kitchen at the same time.
Just because you can fit into your 10 year old grand daughter's t-shirt...don't mean you should. Just saying.
dreamed I owned a Hooters restaurant style business with door to door service... I called it Knockers.
Hey dudes who rev their loud ass Harleys for no reason, when they're scraping your face off the highway, there will be no sound.
The most effective part of bringing my laptop to the coffee shop so I can "work" is the "lying to myself."
When I read, "Biden makes unannounced visit to Afghanistan" I picture him bursting through the door like Kramer from Seinfield.
If I ever get one of those visible African worm parasites under my skin, please remove it by firing lots of shotguns at me.
WARNING: This tweet is not for younger readers! OK, here we go. Tits.
whoa, Snooki has a book out?!?! I didn't know she could read...
The urge to spell out my name in pee on the untrammeled snow is almost overwhelming.
I'm a "glass half full because my balls are in it" type of guy.
Pretty cool to think that in the future we won't have to wear pants anymore because we're dead.
Legally, it's ok for this guy to whistle very loudly in his own pizza shop but I'm still going to attack him with a hammer.
Last night I learned that New York City sanitation workers call maggots "disco rice." Isn't that magical?
Shame on you, meteorologists! 8-9 inches isn't 10-12 inches. I have completely different boots for 10-12! I looked like an idiot out there!
I went skiing once and saw yellow snow but that wasn't the worse part when I looked back a little kid fell in it!
I hate people that can't do things on their own gosh they just emphasize the fact that Americans are lazy and fat.........even if they're 10 years old
What do I do when the kid next to me in the cafe is giving himself a handy under the table?
My 2 year-old son decided to pee on the dog for the second day in a row. I'm afraid this will turn into a routine thing.
I was called high maintenance for insisting my name be spelled correctly on my diploma...seriously?
I walked in on my roommate flat-ironing his pubic hair
My son Walter was very excited to get to Israel and see the Dead Sea Squirrels. #truestory
Steven Tyler next to Jennifer Lopez looks like a Before and After from a makeover show
Saw dog poop on fresh snow today and thought it was an appropriate metaphor for life.
If there were a drug that got me as high as attention gets Sarah Palin, I'd shoot it into my neck & build a pyramid.
Sometimes I pretend the snugness of my seatbelt is Princess Di hugging me from heaven.
Things are so bad with the dollar, Ke$ha is now spelling her name with the pound symbol.
"MySpace Slashes Nearly Half Its Global Staff." People all around the globe respond, "They still had a staff?"
ASIAN KIDS: Do they make you ride through the X-ray machine at the airport since your minds are basically computers?
KEEP YOUR DOG BONER AWAY FROM ME I'M A PERSON
I can only imagine the disgust and pity a prehistoric hunter-gatherer would feel at my whining that the coke machine is two floors down.
I am going to the zoo tomorrow to revel in our ABSOLUTE DOMINANCE over nature. Also to get some pictures of super-cute penguins
I really have to stop playing "see how long I can hold my breath" in meetings. Profoundly embarrassing, every time.
Safest job in showbiz? The Fox NFL Sunday Dancing Robot. That thing cannot be fired.
Warning: ladies wearing the scent "lithuania" may be hit on by men and Soviet-era tanks.
Osama Binladen: World champion of hide and seek since 2001
Today my friend called me a butt tard wth is that!? And yesterday she called me a butt nugget I'm way confused... :
There is absolutely nothing fantastic about getting Fantastic on ur clothes. That sh*t is bleach!
Textaphrenia - thinking you've heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message." I have this...
 Textaphrenia - thinking you've heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message." I have this...
is not going to risk his life driving on the ice until Pizza Hut is prepared to risk their lives to bring me food!
I was talking to a really cute guy. He leaned closer and I thought he was going to kiss me. Instead, he leaned back, laughed and said, "Wow. You're growing a mustache.
My 6 year old son says to me: 'You smell nice daddy'. Surprised, but very flattered I thank him, he adds 'I like the smell of cheese!
No garbage pick up today. So now an IMPENDING snow storm is an excuse not to do your job?
I have a small head.
When my Jewish friends get sleepy I call them Jewzzzzzzzzz.
Tonight my plan goes into effect. I can't wait any longer. At sundown I'm breaking into jail.
I still get a little bit jealous when I drive by and see another guys car parked at my ex-girlfriends grave.
If this is Jared Loughner's audition to play The Joker in the new Batman movie, it sucks.
Attn birds: no fly zone over Sydney harbor tonight.
Fractured a leg skiing today - thank goodness it was somebody else's.
John Edwards proposed to his mistress just three weeks after burying Elizabeth. I hope they give nice haircuts in hell.
If you asked me to guess what perfume the lady next to me is wearing, I think I'd have to say every one she owns.
If you've never sent a pair of your dirty panties to a soldier, then freedom obviously means nothing to you.
One man's trash is another man's wizard hat.
After seeing "Black Swan" last night, I no longer think I have what it takes to be a great ballerina.
Just saw "Storage Wars," where people bid on items in storage containers. Mankind is two months away from being completely out of ideas.
"why are you so sweaty"
was watching cops"
If u ever mess with the chef and he has dandruff. Look for white sprinkles on your food, it's not salt people
I dont like her. She's so ugly I wouldn't even poke her on Facebook
 Well pissed off. I applied 2 go on the next series of the apprentice but got rejected. Apparently my ideas 4 a disabled persons bungee jumping centre called spastics on elastics and a range of underwear for people with learning difficulties called mongs in thongs were thought to be inappropriate FFS!!
Today I shall revise history, making it sexier in places and also with better snacks.
Here's a twist: Turn the Jersey Shore cast into vampires. Total game changer.
Snooki: "I Used to Black Out and Wake Up in Garbage Cans Monthly." Oscar the Grouch: "Didn't touch her. Not once."
No black women out of 30 Bachelorettes -- & 2 are named Chantel #TheWhiteBachelor
By the time you recognize the opening drums from "Superstition" on my spacious dance floor, you're already pregnant.
"I AM A BUTTHOLE DETECTIVE!" - dogs
The blue "Verified" checkmark on someone's page is usually an indication that you're about to read some boring-ass tweets.
Just saw a Mexican baby girl with UNPIERCED ears. I'm calling Social Services.
"If you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember... you can always change your birthday on Facebook." - S.F.
It recently became apparent to me that the letters 'T' and 'G' are far too close together on a keyboard. This is why I'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase "Regards" ever again
What does a pregnant girlfriend and burned toast have in common? In both cases you wished you pulled it out a little earlier
I saw a girl on the subway that I knew so I started waving frantically. She gave me a really weird expression and moved quickly away from me. Then I realised that I only knew her because I had stalked her facebook once.
A punk-looking college kid was making fun of my mentally handicapped son. Out of anger, I punched him in the face. I got handcuffed and thrown into a police car. The kid stood there laughing and pointing at me.
Attention everyone at the gym I'm at right now: I can't ride this exercise bike and have sex with you at the same time. That's just science.
It would suck the life outta ya if you were a magician that hated canes, birds, saws, handkerchiefs, top hats & half women.
I'm not saying Santa is always a douche clause but one year in my stocking. Jizz.
dear mainstream rappers, we get it - "bottles" rhymes with "models" - now please start using other words.
Peoples Choice Awards? I'm a people and here's my choice - "I'm staying in with the cats."
First meal of 2011: Crunchy French Toast. Why there were bones in my french toast, I don't know. But it was crunch-tastic!
When you eat steak, If you chew slow enough you can actually taste the cows soul.
Hey, motels, theres no such thing as 'shampoo PLUS conditioner'. Its just shampoo, idiots. Yr not fooling anyone.
I know what killed all those birds over Arkansas... Obama.
Jamie Lee Curtis is so excited she's oozing Activia!
One of my favorite things to do after sex is to come out from behind the curtains and just stand there giggling at the naked people.
If I ever open a strip joint, I am going to be sure to call it a "gentlemen's club" so only really classy people show up.
The worst part of telling your friend you got laid off is probably when they try to high five you at the "laid" part.
When you have to deliver bad news, always lead with something worse: "Honey, our cat died. Just kidding! But, I forgot to buy cat food."
If you drive your car fast enough up a highway off-ramp you can have ice cream with your grandma in heaven!
QUICK: Would you rather eat a delicious homemade blueberry muffin or die in a terrible fire?
I broke into the post office and teabagged all of the stamps. That isn't the glue that tastes bad, it's my ball sweat.
 I'm tired of these mother*?!+@#g birds falling from the mother?!*#@g sky!
Dear God, If you have any more children, can you have them born in June?
Dear loud talkers, can you at least be discussing something interesting?
I just tried this texting while driving thing everyone is talking about. It's pretty fun.
I'm holding the so called "disappearing honey bees" hostage. If my demands are not met I will start punching bees in the face 1 at a time.
I did some of that "wife-swapping" last night. I now have a new I-Pad.
Mum, followed star to stable. Met by conceited parents boasting about their child's potential. Cattle are lowing. Send condoms.
What does it mean when a girl calls you "scrumptious"...good? bad?
"Family Feud" would be a much better show if there was gunplay involved.
i just watched 'Marley and Me'. Saddest movie ever. I won't give it away but lets just say the sequel will just be called... 'Me'.  :)
There are two rules in life. #1 I'm always right. #2 if you think I'm wrong refer to rule #1. ;D
How do you end up being a proctologist? 'Hey I found the colon to be the most interesting part of med school!'
Why do we call it taking a dump when we're actually leaving a dump?
Has anyone else noticed that the little "lol" symbol looks like a guy drowning? I bet he was laughing until he went under.
Remember, they're laughing with you, not at you. They're only pointing at you so you know who they're laughing with.
The holidays are officially over. If you listen closely, you can hear Monday taunting you with the "Jaws" theme.
Someone has done a human poop in my friend's cat's litterbox. This is an excellent party.
Ever read a book or see a film that touches you so deeply it changes your whole worldview? I just took a s*** like that.
Some guys hate it when women fart, but personally, I like a little skunk in the trunk.
How come the Hulk's shirt falls off, but never his pants?
In 2011, the first digit equals the sum of the last two. This hasn't occurred since... 2002. Sorry, I thought I was on to something.
Happy New Year, Nation! It's 2011! The first thing I'm going to do is wonder for two months whether this is a leap year or not.
Asked my teacher if I could get in trouble for something I didnt do. Thankfully she said no because I didn't do my homework!
There’s no worse feeling than that millisecond you’re sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
How do some people fall asleep so easily? I need vodka, 4 nightquill, pure silence and about 3 1/2 hours to fall asleep. I hate you easy sleepers so much. I hope you hit the ground falling in your dreams.
Ohhh my dog just stood w no leg up & peed straight onto his own chest
Throwing a surprise party for Jesus today. Been hiding behind this couch for hours
Just pressed a picture of my new Corvette against the glass of the shark tank at the aquarium & said "You guys ain't s***."
I doubt that any of you a**holes know how truly dangerous penguins are.
I have10 year old identical twin sons. One just sent me an email and signed it "The Cute One" #nowheismyfave but #itwillchange
Putting this train set together for my son is so frustrating I sincerely hope he runs away or is eaten by a bear or dog.
I'm throwing my own s*** at the next family member who asks me a question.
Yo Anne Geddes, if I dress my dick up like a bumblebee, will you take a picture of it?
I thought it would be funny to stuff my kids’ Christmas stockings with actual stockings. I’ve never heard crying like that.
I love these post-Holiday bargains. Who knew I could get Megan Fox’s underwear for just 12 thousand dollars?
If you're reading this now, I can only assume it's because your family is boring the crap out of you.
After shoveling one guy's steps, sidewalk, and driveway for two hours straight, I went to ask for my money. He said, "Work is its own reward!" and shut the door in my face.
Eagles may soar high, but weasels don't get sucked into plane engines.
Some people are only alive because its illegal to shoot them and surprisingly difficult to bury them in the back garden without the neighbor noticing...
If tommorow morning I wake up and I don't remember who I am I hope it turns out I'm Jason Bourne.
(on new years day) I remember last year like it was yesterday.
They used to be called Jumpolines until your mom bounced on one back in ’72.
My dog just humped me..noo I didn't say to stop...jk
Teachers know when students are texting. Nobody looks at their crotch and smiles.
When I said I'd hit that, I meant with my car.
Guess you haven't heard Girls can now officially kick guys a***** in COD welcome to the new generation
Does anyone else find it strange that one of my testicles hangs lower than the other two?
They later found out that Kesha was really that auto-tuned dog on youtube.
Just when you think the guy you're dating is really getting to know you, security comes and escorts you off Santa's lap.
"Intruders Break into 50 Cent's Home and Drink His Wine." That is some straight-up gangsta shit, indeed.
"Playboy's Hugh Hefner, 84, Engaged to 24-year-old Playmate." He has hemorrhoids old enough to be her parents.
Ahhhh...Christmas...the time of the year a lot of peeps get a new smartphone, iPad, Dinklepuss™ or other device that lets you post misspelled status updates directly to Facebook. I love all you glorious bastards.
Her: Why is your iPhone stuck on the reboot screen? Me: Turn it over.
Dear kids, There is NO Santa Claus. Those presents are from your parents. “With love, WikiLeaks
KeeP talking
you'll say something intelligent
Hey WikiLeaks, how about some "real" classified information; like what the hell is in eggnog?
I can't afford the yogurt so I just look at old pictures of Jamie Lee Curtis when I'm constipated.
"So... do you guys like me?" - best way to jumpstart the convo during a lull
I bet Wes Anderson would be fun to hang out with. JK! All aboard the Snoozemobile! Zzzzzzzzzz...
She's like a bowling ball. she get's picked up, fingered, then thrown away!
I didn't fall, I was testing gravity
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces.
When your girlfriend posts a Taylor Swift lyric you know you either did something good or something terrible
So my friend asks me if I have pubic hair and I tell her. "feel free to pull down my pants and look." (sarcasticly) ... so she did.
Good exercise: sit alone in an apartment and declare things aloud to no one
Snuck up behind my wife at a store to kiss her on the neck. Imagine my embarrassment when it turned out to be Jonah Hill.
"YOU SAID I WOULD ALWAYS BE YOUR SPECIAL TOILET!" - fun to run up & scream at a friend who's on a first date
Turtles are the only marsupials who communicate through braille.
I may be alone in this, but I believe one day DNA evidence will exonerate the Grinch.
When they’re not fighting or racing light cycles, I’ll bet the citizens of TRON spend a lot of time on the phone with tech support.
Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel I made it out of glass and when it's dry and ready I'll shove it up your a**
Candyland... Where candy cotton monsters eat the terrified gummy bears of coco alley
Beauty doesn't come from the face, but from the light inside the soul
When people post their status "good day" what are you supposed to comment on that?!?
Best part of Christmas? The next day you return all of the crappy presents :)
Don't throw rocks at people cause they'll pick it up and do the same to you
the red nose on this Rudolph I just bought my 5 yr. old will not light up, I tried 3 new batteries. Rudolph you're about to feel all my Xmas stress you mfer.
Women's fishnets suck at catching fish, but they're frighteningly effective at catching fishermen. Ahoy!
Come on flu shot I'm counting in you-- what's w this sore throat bulls***? I thought we had a deal!
For Christmas this year I gave half my staff iPads and the other half switchblades. Let's see what happens!
Only 9 days left to fortify your homes against the Grinch. He must not get his hands on our roast beast!
Look, I'm not gonna sit here & say that Sarah Palin is a gangrenous anal polyp. I'm going to tweet it!
It bugs me when people mix up "your" & "you're" in their writing. But I F****** GO BERSERK when they do it while speaking.
Tough childhood = Stripper. Nightmare childhood = Magician.
The fear of getting stuck in a chimney is called santaclaustrophobia. I wrote that joke when I was eight, and it still holds up.
There are only two types of honest people in this world, small children and drunk people.
Vitamin Water: For when you're too old for Kool-Aid, and too lazy to admit it's anything but sugar water.
Turns out you should not compliment a lady on her mustache, no matter how magnificent it is.
My favorite part of seeing someone I know in public? Pretending I didn't.
My baby threw up on me this morning. She really can’t handle her liquor. No more beer for breakfast.
Having a blast in Thailand. We just met a dog on the beach that won't stop following us around. He's so cute, can't wait to eat him.
Having second thoughts about smuggling this 50 kIlos of Heroin out of Thailand...damn you "Locked up abroad" Damn you to hell!
I built a snow man and a snow woman. She left him for another snow douche. But snow man is doing great. He's bangin' a ton of snow whores.
140 inmates escape from Mexican prison. - 141 tried to escape but Twitter would not allow it.
What's the best holiday song to murder to?
The doctor said my hernia is in my "super-pubis region." I told her my whole pubis region is super. She did not laugh.
Here's what I've learned about hernias: 1. It is literally your intestines poking out. 2. I have really sexy intestines.
If I were a dog, and you were a flower, I'd lift up my leg, and give you. A shower!:P
A French company is marketing a car towards lesbians. The car really isn't that different -- it's just not available with a stick.
What is a turtle without his shell? Homeless or Naked??
Decided to multi-task and paint my nails while on the toilet. Thought it was a good idea until I had to wait 30 minutes to wipe. Lesson learned.
Dance like nobody's watching...but not at funerals.
Unicorns are cool but my favorite mythical creature is probably Sarah Palin's intelligence.
There's always someone special in your heart. And someone awful in your s***.
If it's ever World War II again, I want to be the guy with the flamethrower.
I don't like when the grocery clerk can figure out what I'm having for dinner from what I buy. Spaghetti and Lucky Charms is a good dinner.
never tell a girl that just had breast implants " thats like putting rims on a pinto"
The men who feel I'm their perfect match tend to be long-haired close-up magicians.
I hope whoever decided to put chicken on pizza died lonely and in great pain.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk, unless that friend F****** MY FIANCEE WHILE I WAS IN JAIL, MATT HALL YOU ALCOHOLIC C***.
Living well is the best revenge. Rubbing your a****** all over someone's cellphone is pretty good too.
A new study claims that country boys have bigger penises than city boys. Okay, fine, but why is Obama talking about that on “Mythbusters”?
First they sell you a stapler. Then it's staples. Then it's a staple remover. Enough! I support paper clips.
If "Deep Blue Sea" taught us anything about hyper-intelligent army-trained sharks, it's that only L.L. Cool J is safe.
I wonder if Jesus ever used waterfalls as a stairmaster. He was pretty cut.
friends r like bras, close to the heart and always there for support
I want to fight all those a-holes in that Tommy Hilfiger holiday commercial! Even the dog!
I will NOT let this bathroom attendant mess with my head!
Ok winter you've made your point: I'm a pussy.
Watching "The Soloist." Just figured out that it's a sequel to "Ray." #mindblown
#IfSantaWasBlack Coca Cola would make him white for their commercials.
I'm in Kirksville, Missouri, which is basically the same thing as me saying, "I don't know where the hell I am."
Keep the dream alive...hit the snooze button!
I was complemented on my driving today - someone left a note on my windshield that said: "Parking Fine"...
Rihanna: oh nana what's my name oh nana what's my name what's my name
brown: did I really hit her that hard???
just spent 5 hours trying to drown a fish
Just got the last Easy Bake Oven in Walmart.. to the lady who tried to grab it first, you snooze, you lose.
Half of the attorneys on TV commercials look like they live with their mother; the other half look like they killed her.
I love when labels say: "Zero Grams of Trans Fat!" That's kinda like throwing a party because you didn't kill anyone today.
If you were born in 1974 there's a 50% chance Rod Stewart impregnated your mom by farting in a hot tub they were doing coke in.
What is the right age to tell a Jewish kid Santa exists, just not for them?
Feels like just yesterday I was parked outside my ex-wife's office crying, drunk, when in fact it was 2 days ago...
Just got pulled over & couldn't find my license/registration in my glove compartment. CUZ IT'S SO F***** PACKED WITH GLOVES.
Dreidel dreidel dreidel, I made you out of clay, and when you’re dry and ready, I’ll have no idea what to do with you.
I like ur clothes but I bet they would look better on my floor
British people are so violent that every insult they say it starts with the word "bloody" (no racism)
?...pick up line i will never use again ---> how's your gag reflex?
Thank you, stuffing, for having the cutest name of any food ever. No offense, pickles.
Asking me if the Bagel Bites are ready yet?? The box says cook 4 to 6 minutes on High! #keepyourpantson
Found a note a girl gave me in 5th grade. She asked me 2 checkbox "YES" to get candy together. I just checked it now. Hope she calls.
Thanks you beautiful, seductive monster. I can probably pinch you a pair of Oscar winning underpants.
Before committing a crime, remember: Prison rape goes on your permanent rectum.
I smelt @JustinBieber's hair. It was like a vanilla meadow made from lego. I'd eat my dinner off it.
If I could go back and do it all over again, I would probably skip the part where I just slammed my knee into the coffee table.
At some point, everybody in Aerosmith had to agree that ?Dude Looks Like A Lady? was a good song.
Rest, voltaren, marijuana and the Number One advice: stop wanking. Thanks friends! :)
Dear men on planes: How's about u sit to pee. I'm not super jazzed about the sticky steps back to my seat.
I just did a fart that sounded EXACTLY like a confused little boy named Timothy asking his father, "Why?"
No coffee in the pantry this morning so I had to go outside and show my d*** to a cop to get the old motor running.
Dreams do come true! Today at 7pm a golden bird will turn into your mom and stab you in an elevator filled with rats!
I can't take the pressure of Fb anymore,,it's like if I don't post something ridiculously funny ppl are making threats on my life
Friendship is like pee, everyone can see it but only you can feel the warmth it brings
Indian casinos. My people taking back America, one nickel at a time!
Tell your mother to stop poking me!!
Look. You're making this more complicated. If you ARE a woman put the condom on your boob or elbow. #AIDSDAY
Those people who look shocked when they see a Lexus with a giant bow totally knew they were getting a Lexus.
I wonder if lephracauns think tall people are magical
I always yell “Cut!” after I drop the soap in the shower because there’s usually some Peeping Tom filming me & I want that part edited out.
The five most unappealing words in the English language: ?Used hot tub for sale.?
Rice Krispies treats give me a tummy boner.
Have you seen the commercials for "The General" car insurance? Did I make them in an alcoholic blackout in 1985 for $30? Because they suck.
"I DOUBT I'll sleep alone tonight, what with all these beautiful slaves I own!" - Doubting Thomas Jefferson
Remember: You win some, you lose some, you lose a few more, you borrow some cash from a loan shark, and OH GOD, THEY'RE HERE FOR THE MONEY!
Here's a mystery of ancient Egypt: how did The Rock get there to film The Mummy Returns?
Who would be fiendish enough to steal King Tut's penis? Wait a minute, has anyone seen the Time-Traveling Brandy Thief lately?
Son just spun his first driedel. 10 minutes later, it still hasn't stopped spinning. So... great, all this time, we've been in his dream.
Obamas secret thoughts "Keep smiling and no one will realize I have no friggin idea what I'm doing!"
"left paw, grey." - dogs playing twister.
I'm getting angry now. I don't care what the pope says. He is ruining #AIDSDAY he needs to get a condom on JUST ONCE.
On truck commercials, when they say "tranny", I get really confused.
People shopping is news? And I thought televising people playing poker was pathetic.
If meat is murder, potatoes are its fat, white accomplices.
My daughter hid my cigarettes again. Hope she enjoys finding saran-wrapped bits of Mr. Cuddles in her advent calendar.
I hate Christmas because every year there's this guy that brakes into my house every single time and eats my cookies and milk that I left for ME in the morning! Then after that he's leaving me rocks and he's always callin me a ho
The only difference between Black Friday and a zombie movie is that the zombies don't care if you get the last HD TV.
Hey, rappers: "Throw your hands in the air and wave 'em like you just don't care," is terrible advice if you're driving.
"I don't have girlfriends because other woman are jealous of me," is a delusional way to say, "I'm a raging b****."
Elderly woman in line to board plane turned around and blew a long silent powerful burp onto my face
Can't count how many times I rewound the VHS to hear Leslie Nielsen say "Nice Beaver!" I will miss him.
Mickey Rooney's performance as Mr. Yunioshi in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" is a VERY accurate portrayal of all Japanese people.
MY NEIGHBOR CAT MITZI JUST LET ME PET HER FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 2 YRS NOTHING ELSE MATTERS RIGHT NOW ONLY MITZI & I EXIST
Haven’t been on Twitter in a few hours. Are the Koreas still there?
On this Thanksgiving let's not forget the homeless and how much better we smell than them.
I have Hanson on my ipod, go ahead and use this sad fact against me, it's yours.
Someone once said "s*** or get off the pot". If you are s******* in pots you should really make your immediate goal to not crap in cookware.
Mmm turkey. I bet the guy who came up with the name for "stuffing" also came up with the name for "butthole." Lazy prick.
Happy Thanksgiving! I broke into Best Buy and stole a copy of Pocahontas to celebrate.
Giving thanks = good. Giving herpes = not as good.
Hey Kinect, if I wanted to use my entire body to play sports, I would just play sports.
Why must my dogs asshole turn so completely inside out for the tiniest of doodies?
Saw 3 young orthodox girls & as I drove passed I yelled "GIRL POWER!" They looked at me like I was an asshole.
Bring your doctor to the airport with you, so he can check your TSA full body scan for any lumps or lesions. #TravelTips #2Birds1Stone
Politely ask the TSA body scan operator if the X-rays will have any effect on the rolls of film that are stuffed in your rectum. #TravelTips
Just audibly farted while holding eye contact with a lady wearing a sweater that said "SANTA'S COMIN'!"
"SHLAP!" - the sound Sean Connery's hand would make hitting your naughty bottom
As if the TSA couldn’t get any creepier, today they announced they’re changing their name to Uncle TSA.
Was sleeping like a baby until I saw you in my dream.
God help me there are critters in my attic and sounds like they are just jumping up and down. I need a pest control guy ASAP NO JOKE
Dear Algebra,
making me find your X, she's not coming back!!
Math Student
asks all uneducated wall posters to press Ctrl + Alt + Del and then ""see what happens""  
Why do people read books? It's gonna be made into a movie anyway!!Your just wasting trees..........way to go green you non-readers!
Adding this to the list of things I never thought I would say... "Santa doesn't bring people penises, they are not toys!"
I just changed the name of my ipod to ""the titanic"" so whenever I plug it in to my computer it says ""the titanic is syncing"". 
In the Beginning, God made the Heaven and Earth. The rest was Made in China. 
Automatic doors make me feel like a Jedi 
That I am able to break bread with someone that proudly answers "Chick" when asked which Korea he sides with. #thankful100
That Kid Rock doesn't feel compelled to hire band members better looking than him. #thankful100
That we live in a country where you're allowed to question authority. For example, I just poured Super Glue into a non-stick pan just to prove somebody wrong. #thankful
That "mole" on the inside of my thigh was just a raisinette. #thankful100
I can't remember what you told me five minutes ago but I remember every minute of every Beastie Boy concert I've ever been to.
Weed smoking and turkey pulling today. Whoops, reverse those two verbs. Sorry...
I like throwing skittles at people and saying "TASTE THE FRICKEN RAINBOW!!!"
The Gaga Law
(AH)? + RO (MA + MAMA) + (GA)? + OOH(LA)? = Bad Romance.
S------------ Times are so tough that IHOP is now I-OP. The house part was foreclosed on.
Would like to remind everyone that you shouldn't be racist, so when eating your turkey share the love white and dark meat together!! Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
What would I do for a Klondike Bar? I would kill my mailman with a hammer. (I love ice cream/treats)
Hey Whoopi Goldberg! I'm teaching a workshop on how to properly wear glasses next week. Want me to hold a spot for you?
It's weird I heard something taping my window! If I'm not at school tomorrow call the rape hotline... Wait do they have that? Nevermind the police will do
Snow is racist, why can't it be black
I'm Mclovin it
Even if I knew your social security number, I wouldn’t know what to do with it.
There’s no worse feeling than that millisecond you’re sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
Where was Kanye West to "let Justin Bieber finish" when he won entertainer of the year?
One cool thing that no one is talking about is that the TSA scanners will be able to tell who does and doesn't have a boner.
Someday- if everything goes as planned- I am going to be a great big old fat person.
My new girlfriend is a geisha. I had no clue that her version of butterfly kisses involved 15 spin kicks and a katana to my lower spine.
There are dust oceans on the moon that undermine the significance of my new haircut. (Which, incidentally, looks nice)
Just ate a bunch of oysters. Not sure if they're an aphrodisiac or not but I'm currently making love to a paper towel dispenser.
Christmas is the only birthday party where everybody gets presents except the guy whose birthday it is.
"Goldfish are like boys.... You can't have just one.":)
Boy: Go to the dance with me? Girl: I already have a date *awkward silence*
(Whips out a Twix bar)
"TSA Chief Defends Airport Pat-Downs," adding, "Did ya get a load of those tits?"
Spellcheck no longer tries to replace the word "boner" with "bin". However, I did tell someone that I was "boner some wine to the party."
TLC announced that ratings for “Sarah Palin’s Alaska” are much bigger than the show it replaced, “Joe Lieberman’s Connecticut.
Pardoning that turkey was a huge mistake. My Christmas tree won't be so lucky. The axe tolls for thee, Piney!
WESLEY SNIPES: I AIN'T LETTIN' UNCLE SAM DO YOU LIKE THIS. I'M COMING FOR YOU. SIT TIGHT. #FREEDOM
When someone wants to "challenge themselves as an actor," they should have their legs broken & then try to walk.
I'M BUSTING WESLEY SNIPES OUT OF JAIL THEN WE'RE COMING TO THE UK TO AVENGE JASON MANFORD #MANFORDSNIPES
"Deliverin' Diabetes with a smile!" - Costco
Using a confusing analogy is like running over a box of donuts with a truck: it just doesn't make sense.
Political correctness! Being stupid on purpose!
Bowling is like taking a road test: the only way to win is to knock over more obstacles than everyone else
Like a potato, if the human body is not properly mashed and moisturized, it will never be used for anything more than a science project battery. Make sure your body is properly fluffed and buttered
Wanted to kill the sexiest person alive
suicide is a crime
Decided to burn some calories today.
he set a fat kid on fire
I've just come up with a new expression for sperm - 'naughty water'.
The Beatles "Let It Be" is the perfect message in almost all situations. Except when your toilet is overflowing.
I know how to block someone on Twitter but how do you knock someone the f*** out? Is there a button for that?
If you only see one movie this year… you should get out more.
Wife's motto: WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS...gets blogged, tweeted, FB'd and syndicated through an RSS feed.
Girl in front of me at Publix last night was buying diet pills and a BDay card. Either they're unrelated or she's just a bitch.
My wife is up and about in her green bra and panties, working her 3rd pint of Guinness. Wait until she finds out it's St. Patrick's Day.
i call myself a Panda, I'm fat around the middle, dont breed well in captivity, & piss when a baby sneezes
Saw a woman call herself a "cougar." Good term - it flows better than "old whore."
It's a sweet saying but we have to admit that the first guy to say "a dog is a man's best friend" probably had no friends.
I shall kidnap him & show him what it's like to hang with a real wizard. He'll never play "quidditch" again!
Congratulations to Prince William and his bride-to-be. Let the search for a suitable mistress begin!
A big THANK YOU to all our vets. (Not so fast, doctors who treat animals. Get your own day.)
At risk of being racist, I think this bee that just stung me was Africanized.
Fact of life...after Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says W T F!
Like a cheese stick, Like a cheese stick
I'm feelin so fly, Like a cheese stick
Disneyland: A people trap operated by a mouse.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances of getting a date on Saturday night.
The 2012 Olympics were meant to restore pride to Britain for the simple cost of 20 billion pounds. 20 billion pounds!!!!!!
20 billion pounds we could of written F*** OFF GERMANY on the moon!!!!!!!
I float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, and disrupt normal neural functions like an Australian funnel-web spider.
Times are so tough that IHOP is now I-OP. The house part was foreclosed on.
The technology to see through people's clothing has been around for decades - as long as you had 12 cereal box tops and $6.95 shipping.
You ever want to sniff a baby so hard it just flies up your nose and blows your brains out?
Finally got funding for my hospital for mice.
What is a full Brazilian? Asking for a friend. Need to know pretty much immediately.
I've got Bieber Fever! My temperature is at like 104 and I'm choking on my own phlegm and vomit. Don't get it.
Acquiring a dog may be the only opportunity a human will ever have to choose a relative.
I've survived Y2K, and swine flu..2012 bring it on!!
The following episode of songs of praise contains strong language and scenes of a sexual nature
Idea for body mod: hollow, removable unicorn horn for people that you can fill with candy and/or sunflower seeds.
British guy poolside at my hotel is drinking a pot of tea and smoking a pipe: British version of American in Ed Hardy t-shirt.
No matter what your personalized license plate says, the real message you're sending is, "I'm kind of a douche."
Guys, the harder you try to pretend to search your pockets, the harder we have to pretend to not see you adjusting your balls.
No one on suicide watch should be allowed to look in an airplane bathroom mirror.
Commercials. Airplane toilets. Marijuana activists. #wishtheymadelessnoise
Like I trust Alex Trebek without his mustache...
Dad: money dosent grow on trees you know... Banker: ( pickin up the money tree leaves) that's what you think
mum - "what are you doing"
- "playing black opps"
- "that's it no more of that game for one week! "
- "you touch it and ill kill you -.-"
- (backs away slowly )
- ( keeps playing black opps )
Girl: Can we go see a movie?
Nah.. I wanna go play Black Ops.
If you go play im breaking up with you.
Pass my controller on the way out.
Girlfriend: Wanna catch a movie?
Nah, I'm playing Black Ops.
What's Black Ops?
GET OUT!
COD replacing girls since 2007
 I just gave my cat a bath, she actually enjoyed it. it wasn't fun for me though, the fur kept sticking to my tongue
the awkward moment when you get in the van and the old man doesnt have any candy.....
Physicists have yet to explain why 200 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only three registers will be open.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
How to get a seat on the tube tips. No.1 If you don't want to sit on the floor with all of the chewing gum, start praying to Allah and you get the whole carriage.
You can train a pigeon to babysit a human baby if you cover the baby in hay & trash & bread & stuff.
Just a heads up. Coughing in someone's mouth while you kiss is apparently not a turn on.
Have you ever wondered if P- Diddy... Wakes up in the morning feeling like Kesha?? :]
Happy Veteran's Day! To celebrate, those of us who didn't serve have to run five miles with backpacks full of shitty TV dinners.
When someone says, "I'll think about it," they're really asking you to just stop talking. Also, the answer is no.
I love my life, it's just not as great as my dreamlife. I'm gonna get fitted for an avatar.
My kids are demanding I take them on that cruise that only serves pop tarts.
Been a while since "It's the End of the World as We Know It" & "We Didn't Start the Fire." We need a new song where someone yells a list.
Last night's dream.  Oprah was selling her eggs on the black market overseas, and I was acting as the courier delivering them inside oyster shells on a cookie sheet.
I spent all of yesterday looking for a wheres Wally book. Well played Wally , well played
Your 6! Why do u have a phone? Who are you gonna call?! Dora?!
Do Zombies drink water? If so, what does that look like exactly?
I was worried b/c my dad found s*** in his stool, but the doctor says it's really common
I wanna have my own tv show, then be a movie star, then get super political, then when I'm old and irrelevant have my own tv show again
THIS FAT-BOTTOMED GIRL IS CONFIRMING FREDDIE MERCURY IS INDIAN. #f******sweet
New idea for a multi cultural restaurant: Thank God or Yahweh or Allah or L Ron Hubbard or Glenn Beck it's Fridays.
I say six years til a Senator is elected who regularly wears a Tap Out shirt.
Who the hell invited the Jesse James and the short lil italian vinyard owner to Thanksgiving?
Don't ever buy a dwarf with learning disabilities. It's not big and it's not clever.
Idea to make the world more festive: hang pinatas from power lines.
Alright I'll help you with the baby. But just so you know, every doll I've ever had ended up losing it's head.
2 the pple who design shallow toilets. Just because u have a tiny penis doesn't mean the rest of us should have 2 dunk r junk!
Why is it that during an ice-breaker, when the whole room has to go around and say their name and where they are from, I get so incredibly nervous? Like I know my name, I know where I’m from, this shouldn’t be a problem….
Why is a school zone 20 mph? That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles
There is no sound more beautiful then a baby playing guitar alone in the jungle.
Lost my ID today. Will probably need to yell ?I love the 80s? to board my plane on Sunday.
Just heard a lady say to the mom of a 9 mo. old girl, "Your baby has a very grave, unusual face." JUST WHAT A MOM WANTS TO HEAR.
How FREAKED OUT would you be if you'd grown to trust someone & then found out they were a serial killer or taught yoga?
There's ar.... Rabbit behind you.... Errrrr
Walked into the bathroom and was overwhelmed by the strong odor of chocolate. Weird.
Last night I had a dream where my work phone didn't require a "3" to dial an outside line. VERY cool dream.
Guy just walked out of O'Hare bathroom stall w/ 2 pizza boxes. If ur in Chicago area waiting for delivery, u may want to cancel
Dear Pain Quotidien Pastry Lady: Next time pls use bathroom then handle money THEN touch my pastry. And don't change those gloves!
What do i do when i see someone extremely gorgeous? I smile, i stare and when i get tired i put the mirror down!
I used to have a voice like Justin beiber then I turned 4
I eat 8 packs of sugar a day! THAT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING!!!!
Nobody wants to say this so I will: Queen Latifah isn't sexy.
Hey stupid NYC marathoners, if you'd started your race at 2am lat night, you could've taken an entire hour off your times. #DayLightSavings
People who say "If I disappeared, no one would notice" are wrong. Anyone who actually saw you vanish would be pretty freaked out.
Twitter is perfect for people who have never been very good at waiting their turn to talk.
Mark Ruffalo is the son of a buffalo and a 5 year old boy who just woke up from a nap.
I've never seen anyone run so fast. It was like a hooker with 5 inch heels running away from her pimp.
I'm making changes in my life, if I don't see you again you're one of them!
Dear retarded kid trying to blow out a lit fire cracker...u might want to stand a little closer to it,u know..make sure the air reaches it...
I think the worst time to have a heart attack is when your playing a game of charades... Or playing a game of fake heart attack.
I don't know what to tell you. Either he's making out with her or... He's whispering something into her mouth. Try to stay positive!
George Lopez's voice sounds like he swallowed ball bearings dipped in bacon grease.
I've been waking up like every 2 hours in the night. I'd make a perfect terrible baby
So excited! In just a few hours people will be in costume celebrating Diabetesween!!!
I can't wait for tomorrow. Everyone pretends MSNBC/CNN/FOXNEWS's election analysis is their own. My analysis? Poo-poo and pee-pee.
Sorry if my ear hair's been bugging anybody lately. The Dutch kid I pay to trim it got hit by a car.
New bandages change color if your wound is infected. Great, now the mystery's gone!
I wonder why facebook gives u the option of "liking" your own status? Of course I like my own status. I'm awesome.
I wish one time on "that's so raven" someone said, "raven, f*** you, every prediction you've had has been out of context!"
Reading the bible. Can you believe that Eve was made from one of Adam's McRibs?
At Pride Of Britain. Prince Charles is coming. Would like a knighthood but will settle for one of his organic biscuits.
Screw food trucks, I'm gonna start a food train. Snacks on Tracks.
You know things are bad when you drop out of Tony Danza's school, rehab on Intervention, arrested by Steven Seagal, & then caught again by Dog the Bounty Hunter
Toilet paper is not sufficient. Use baby wipes. For example - smear your s*** on your arm. Do two dry wipes with toilet paper then lick arm. Now smear s*** again and clean up with baby wipes. Now lick arm. Much cleaner, right? Now go baby wipe your butthole.
Off to vote. Bigfoot, prepare to get elected.
I'm doing a nice job eating my kids' Halloween candy. Next up: all the fun-sized Snickers.
The phrase "undressing them with my eyes" makes me think of getting my eyeball cut on a zipper and that's not sexy at all.
Just walked past a guy in my office & he was on Myspace! I am 100% sure he's a Terminator from the past, sent to crunk me.
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayoo taste the rainbow
Today EVERYONE is supposed to vote? Boy, this "Dancing with the Stars" thing is getting out of control.
So when does Meg Whitman turn back into liquid metal and run down the 5 stopping speeding cars with her palms?
I'm at court paying a speeding ticket & there's a guy here wearing camouflage Crocs. I'm going to recommend the death penalty.
In my ongoing effort to be more cosmopolitan, I am now referring to my poops as "Plop-tinis."
WTF why did I even post this at this time I think my mummy will come chasing me with a broom stick if she see's this OMG SHE'S COMING RIGHT NOW AGHHHH!! HELP!! Oh she's only gonna broom the floor.
I wonder who was the first person to see and egg come out of a chickens butt and think, I'm going to eat that.
Apparently "get naked" is not the correct response for "anything else I can do for you today?" from the hot male store clerk...Also: I need bail.
 is going jeans shopping this week, something tells me all those "fun size" candy bars don't make for a "fun size" ass.
The closest I've ever come to interpretive dance was just now trying to avoid my creepy neighbor in the supermarket.
Spent my week off doing some early trick-or-treating in the Caribbean. Yachters sure are generous when you're wearing a pirate costume.
Despite what you may have heard, the Rally will have port-a-potties. Though 1 in every 10 is just a toilet over a tiger pit.
The next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water. #advicefordouchebags
Strangers always have the best candy.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then use the profits to buy an assault rifle. See if life makes the same mistake twice.
I know I seem calm but, its probably because in my mind, I've killed you three times today.
Twitter suggested I follow @ihatekatstacks...if I wanted to follow a walking STD I'd be following @tilaomg. #truth
 Twitter bred it's own psychological condition. Similar to road rage only without the benefit of being able to shoot someone
wait, you're gonna dress up as one of the jersey shore people for halloween?! HAHAHAHA THATS SO FUNNY! *shoots temporal lobe*
Just saw a man lying in the street in a great "just hit by a car" costume. He even stopped his breathing! Impressive!
All men in beer commercials seem to have significant intimacy issues.
Just ate all my kids' Halloween candy. You snooze, you lose.
"your honor i couldn't have murdered this man because my twitter status said, "Eating chicken salad sandwich." #modernmurderalibis
"Ladies & gentleman of the jury, look under your seats. You're all going home with AN IPAD!!" "OH MY GOD COURT IS LIKE OPRAH!"
When I get to Heaven, I'm going to set up a 60 Minutes style interview w/ God to talk about Dinosaurs. There's so much I want to hear about.
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, feed him for a lifetime. Give a kid a fish, it's gonna die. Have a story ready.
"Justin Bieber to Launch Fragrance Collection." It will smell like puppies, cupcakes, double rainbows and virginity.
As my 5 year-old son and I carved the pumpkin today, I swear I heard him say, “That’s what happens to snitches.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to turn him into a friend! The 2nd best way is to drop a stove on him from a helicopter.
Take your age. Add it to your favorite movie star's age. Subtract the number 7. Hide a loaf of bread under a pillow. Cry.
To the dude I just passed with a rat on his shoulder; you just out-hipstered everyone.
I might be the World Series for Halloween, but then nobody would know I exist or pay any attention to me.
I love trying to analyze my dreams. What does it mean when you try to stuff a watermelon in your butt? Maybe it's fear of change?
One thing to consider when discussing illegal immigration: Someday Americans will be trying to sneak into China to get jobs.
There's always such a specific stab count --"MAN STABBED 18 TIMES IN CHEST"--Who's counting stabs?
MY WIFE JUST ADMITTED ON THE INTERNET THAT SHE HAS A CRUSH ON A FICTIONAL PERSON. I AM WEARING THE PRETEND HORNS OF THE CUCKOLD!
I'm going set up a 'shoe tie-ing station' just past the metal detectors at the airport. Charge a buck a foot. Make a fortune.
If I were a dentist, I'd tell everyone that I was "The Boss of Floss" and then I would punch them I'm the stomach at the end of each appt.
Just found out this wasn't organic mustard. Had to throw my hot dog away. Better safe than sorry.
They say 30% of all Twitters are written while sitting on the toilet. Shouldn't they be called Shwitters?
I got stuck in an elevator once for twelve minutes. I am so sick of hearing about these Chilean miners.
My imaginary friend thinks you have serious mental problems.
I was walking in the nice weather when i felt a warm feeling oh darn I sharted again
I'm staying home tonight. All because of one little rumble from my belly. But this little rumble say 'explosive and noisy diarrhea, defcon 4 warning'. It may not happen for 6 hours, but I ain't chancing it. Nope.
If you Google "French military victories" and click the "I'm feeling lucky" button it says "Did you mean 'French military losses?'" Awesome.
Sony killed the Walkman? Now what I'm supposed to listen to while I do my Jane Fonda aerobics workout?
Hey Matt Damon, if you wanted more babies, why not make them the old-fashioned way? By adopting them from Namibia!
When someone asks me where I got a cool piece of clothing, I say the Cracker Barrel Gift Shop, then they can't steal my style.
Best ppl to sit next to on flights - middle aged Asian women. Always quiet & mad cool about letting me squeeze by for restroom visits.
A gorilla WILL attack you if it senses you're wearing a fanny pack.
Just wanted to check in and tell you guys I like big nipples.
So what does one do when you really need to have some beverages but can not. And yes, I have already thought of several things that would more than likely put me in jail.
Monday mornings when it's raining/snowing should come with a shovel to the face.
They could taste exactly the same, but out of principle, I would not eat them if they were called Rape Nuts.
When I get to 115,000 followers, I'm going to fart on a biscuit and feed it to a duck. #WeirdCelebration
favourite bit of watching the Ryder Cup, every time a golfer did a practice swing, 6 yr old son would laugh and say "ha, he's missed'
AHHHHH THE HUGE MANATEE!!!!!
what does it mean when the voices in my head all sing different songs at the same time?!?!?
I literally just saw someone walking down Main Street in a pink Snuggie. I'm moving.
Is it bad that I only give to charities that give me American Airlines miles for my donation?
Trying to out-crazy this crazy person at my drs office. It's really hard. I've been doing spins and yelps but she always beats me.
"Guys, I already own a leather blazer. Should I just wear my own leather blazer?" - Mark Wahlberg, right before filming Max Payne
Found a croissant recipe online (no flako) where the first ingredient is "this croissant recipe."
I just talked to Stephen Hawking. He confirmed that if we all go to Cheesecake Factory, an asteroid will not hit the earth.
Advice to sports analysts: please stop describing baseball players as ?unloading.? It's gross.
After about 20 mins that Starbucks gum starts to taste like an ass-soaked couch cushion.
If you work with 2 guys who have the same name, it's best to give them nicknames, like "Jewish David" & "Regular David."
Monster Energy Drink is the Kid Rock of liquids.
The worst part of riding in a blimp: No bathrooms. The best part: Windows that open.
I wish one of my friends would die already so I can get their name tattooed on my chest.
you know your loved by your family when one of them goes wait which one are you?
I've made the decision to use the word "dingbat" more. Like this..."Put that down, you dingbat."
About to board flight to LA watching a Muslim dude praying to Allah. Soooo, how long would it take me to walk to LA from NY? Just askin!
Ordered pizza & when the guy said "would u like 2 try our pizza & wings deal?" i said "yes. yes i would." Then I started crying.
Hey drunk dude in front of me at #ufc in Anaheim, I bought "seats," not "stands." #DidntPayActually
I'm about to fly in a chopper for the first time and they're predicting a thunderstorm. #thatcantbegood
I pulled that insanely painful little muscle right below my shoulder blade.....trying to pop a pimple at the top of my butt crack. Really??????
Wonders if a cow from china would understand a cow from the UK or do they moo different languages?!
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person...you may be holding up this entire lane of traffic.
Thanks, confirmation email telling me I've successfully unsubscribed from your emails. You just had to win didn't you?
"Good news, I'm over my fear of s******* in front of people now!" #MinersFirstWords
I'm starting a campaign called Naps for Jesus. So basically every time I take a nap, it'll be for Jesus. #napsforjesus
@C--------- IF YOU LET ANYONE PHOTOGRAPH THOSE BABIES BEFORE ME I WILL KILL US ALL
"Hey, Where Is Everybody?" Says Chilean Miner No. 34
 Okay i will pay someone $15 bucks if you type me up a paper about the civil rights movment, womans suffrage, and helping the needy in the likke 1890 and 1920 or somthing. included what i learned and what my favoirt things were lmao PLEASE! i cant doit tonight mann HNO!
Airport announcement at Tampa just now, "please report anyone who looks suspicious"....ummm that would be everyone at my gate.
If you replace the word "Susan" with the word "Diarrhea," the old sitcom would've been named "Suddenly Diarrhea."
My secret plan to grow a really long beard, kill one of the guys in ZZ Top, then replace him without anybody noticing is not going well.
Woman at Trader Joe's kept calling her kid "Cookie Monster." Kind of a slap-in-the-face to the real Cookie Monster--my close friend.
@K------- YOU'RE A HACKER, A BAD WIFE AND YOUR NATURAL HAIR COLOUR IS GINGER. There's not enough dye in the world to rinse away the lie.
Mum. Have nicked online socialising site from Harvard nerds. Could be worth a bundle and help me poke friends. Send condoms.
U r a load of my mums crap!
Any one of children by themselves reminds me why I wanted kids. All of them together make me realize why some animals eat their young.
I wonder if leprechauns think that tall people are magical...
I wish some1 would invent a pillow that has soap, deodorant, eggs, bacon, juice, my clothes & where I'm suppose to be already in it.
An old lady just made me "bet my bippy on it". I hope I win because I don't know what my bippy is or how it's been wagered.
My cat got trapped under the house tonight and had to be heroically retrieved. This is not a miner joke. Actually happened.
all that glitters is not gold, but it probably touched a stripper recently.
It's weird that CNN keeps playing Pink's "I'm coming up so you better get this party started" during the Chilean Miner Rescue
Held up in US immigration. Little do they know I'm singing "God Save The Queen" in my head.
I'm rubber and you're glue, whatever you say bounces off and me and sticks to you. But neither can talk. Touche.
I've been sick for awhile, no one to take care of me. How much would a hooker charge to make me soup and listen to my sick, stuffy whining?
The Chilean Miners have a lot of Brett Favre to catch up on
Today someone asked how I tease my hair so I told him, he replied with so that's how those fluffy bastards do it
Ever notice how the first 20 feet of every Wal-Mart entrance smells like a urinal cake soaking in barf?
Ever poop and lay skinny turds down at the bottom of the bowl like tighly packed sardines? It's amazing and I send photos to friends.
The octopus lays 40000 eggs. What are they the Morman of the sea?
Ever see a hot chick from far away but then get up close and realize it's Jonah Hill?
The allergist said I was allergic to everything that grows, except my children. Lovely.
I hope on the way to the game tonight Randy Moss makes another "illegal turn" and hits A-Rod & the rest of the Yankees. **Bonus points if he moons Darrelle Revis after his TD**
While driving in Vermont I passed a massage parlor that also offered 'Chinese Facials'. Bukkake maybe?
My brother got a boner when he saw me in my band uniform... I'm a dude
If you're ever fired, BE GRACEFUL. Make & hold eye contact with your boss, then messily s*** your pants & start a large fire.
The White House is proposing a way to spy on suspects while they're online. The plan is called "Signing them up for Facebook."
And I can't believe a student is on twitter.... RT @****: In a lecture with @****! Can't believe my prof has twitter!
Just decided that clothes are uncomfortable and a waste of time. I wish we could go back to Adam and eves time where clothes were stupid!!!!
The Mercedes commercial where she says, "I was driving in Northern California blah blah" I get it lady! You're better than me! Screw off.
The bathroom in the airplane smelled exactly like mini white powdered donuts. #doihaveabraintumor
Everyone in the terminal was clapping for me after I got off the plane! I bet those military guys behind me were jealous
I know how to take down the Taliban. Bedbugs.
Would you rather be a ginormous hampster or a tiny rhinosorous??
For all the haters one day hoping my ball sac sags too low, I have two words for you "Ball Tuck" bitches, this sac will always be plush!
This controversy w/Katy Perry's cleavage on Sesame Street makes me think that my sex tape w/cookie monster may be worth a fortune.
I have friend whose nose whistles with every inhale and exhale. How is he doing that? Does he have tiny flutes in each nostril?
Tagline for fictional movie in which salamanders take over the world: ?Get ready for a lizard blizzard.?
People don't care that possum is smarter than a dog. All they see is a "huge rat"! Master Splinter must know how it hurts... #looksmatter
When is that guy from the Men's Wearhouse commercials gonna clear his throat?
Victoria's Secret now has Halloween costumes. I hope they have an Iron Man for my son.
"Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Gets A PG-13 Rating." Hermione's boobs say, "What's up?"
Lots of dudes at the airport wearing sport coats over t-shirts and mock turtle necks. Did I time travel to 199-douche?
The CEO of Twitter stepped down. Damn you, fail whale! How many men must you destroy before you are satiated?
Dentists just came up with a way to fill cavities using acid. Great news if you're less scared of acid than drills!
I met a guy named DeWalt.
thought he was a tool
There are three reasons to eat
hunger
boredom
to be the worlds fattest man
I through my hands up in the air some times, saying AYOO, LEGO MY EGGO
I just really pissed off my wife while having sex.... I called her up and told her what I was doing.
What a crazy day! I'm more confused than a blind lesbian in a fish market!
New Taco Bell menu item: The Burrito bomb. A burrito that you bite into and it shoots dozens of mini-taquitos all over your car.
Hitler should've worn a soulpatch instead of that little mustache, because the soulpatch is as horrible as he was.
I'll stop the world & melt with you BECAUSE I'M A SUICIDALLY JEALOUS ALIEN GOD.
I was walking down by the beach today, and some really hot babes passed me. As they walked by, I tried looking more buff by flexing my 'mustles'. As they walked away, I heard one of them say, "OMG, he looks just like Justin Bieber!" I'm 27.
Jack and Jill went up the hill to smoke some marajuana, Jack got high and dropped his fly and said, do you wanna? Jill said yes and dropped her dress and they had a lot of fun. But Jill forgot to take her pill, so now they have a son!
TSA chick at this airport just talked through my entire patdown and totally ruined the mood. Just let it happen, lady.
"Justin Bieber wishes he could go back to having a 'normal' life." He said so as he wiped his tears with $100 bills.
"Good news, I'm over my fear of s******* in front of people now!" #MinersFirstWords
We're officially 24 hrs from someone telling a Santiago nightclub bouncer, "yeah, the thing is, I'm one of the miners."
Tried changing my Facebook status to “craving gumbo” but Facebook automatically changed it to “BOYCOTT THE FACEBOOK MOVIE. IT’S ALL LIES!
So sad to see all those Chilean miners coming out in their sunglasses. Already, they've totally gone Hollywood.
Tell #28 I'm still gonna kick his ass for stealing my cracker.~Chilean miner
...evidently Chilean miner #27 is Osama Bin Laden, and we thought we'd never find him! ha ha!
New movie ?Red? stars Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, and Helen Mirren. Wow. More wrinkled flesh than Brett Favre's penis
I'm guessing Morgan Freeman is trending because production just started on SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION 2: BACK BEHIND BARS. #S***Sequels
 I want to see 'Eat.Pray.Love"... but I'm not at all hungry, I'm an athiest,and I hate my ex.
In retrospect, it's hard to believe you could just say Ayyyyyy, bang your fist on a bank, and get money. Oh well. Fell for a Fonzy scheme.
I don't know when saying something is "the bomb" switched to just being "bomb" but either way, you sound ridiculous.
Michael Vick's hurt? I hope it's not his hold-a-dog-underwater-til-it's-dead muscle.
I just made a magnet out of some sausage and a magnet!
One man's trash is another man's wizard hat.
Something may be wrong when your takin a dump and it feels like a lobster is comin out
Life is like a box of chocolates, sooner or later your gonna be eaten...
I'm so bored, so I'm going to buy a packet of skittles and throw them at people and say "TASTE THE F****** RAINBOW!!"
Argueing on fb is like running in the speacial olimpics, even if u win ur still RETARDED!!!!!!
12 yr old son now havin the "talks" w me. He says (re a girl)- dad, it was her birthday & she hugged me. She has boobs. It felt like clouds
I wish my wife was a muscular gay dude so I could throw a chair at her when she pisses me off.
The way a person pronounces 'hummus' pretty much tells me everything I need to know about them.
Help me settle a bet: In Lars von Trier's "Antichrist", does the fox say "Chaos Reigns" or "Pizza Rules"?
I will see Jar Jar Binks in 3D the same day I affix my penis to a moving bus with a nail gun.
I still have the old Twitter. This is like when all my friends had their Cabbage Patch Kids and I was still "waiting for mine to be born."
Unleess you and your kids are actually locked up in an insane asylum, stop writing that your “life w kids is sooo crazy!” on fb everyday.
UK tabloids published pix of Lindsay Lohan w a syringe. U know yr life isn’t going well when ppl think, “Oh, god, I hope she has diabetes.
Hands down Ben Affleck has the nicest teeth in the bank robbery business. #thetown
If Ben Affleck were robbing my bank, i'd think "look at the jawline on that guy." #thetown
Today I had a front row seat to a child being brought into this world. Next time I'll settle for the nosebleed section.
When your fat friend looks in the mirror and says "ugh I'm so fat!" would disagreeing be too obvious of a lie?
I spent a lot of time in California this summer, and the only girl I saw in Daisy Dukes with a bikini on top was Katy Perry. #TrueFact
So hard to pick up models in sweden now. Thanks Tiger.
New plan: Interfaith service where we burn copies of "Kardashian Konfidential."
Writing a break up poem to give someone. Need a line that rhymes with 'you forgot to mention your trans-gender operation'
A place called "Asian Massage" seems fine but for some reason seeing it add the quantifier "ALL Asian Massage" sounds handjobby. #florida
I’m tired of cable news. It’s like watching 4 year olds play soccer.
My mom just cut up a Chipotle burrito and put a tiny slice on a plate for me. I'm shocked she didn't eat it, spit it out, then chew it first.
I think Disney should open a chain of drive-thru abortion clinics called "Zippa-dee-doo-dah."
Ben Aflleck, you are no longer the retarded one. Nice job.
Except for guy setting timer+telling me to "grab whatever you can in 3 minutes," I didn't get special treatment at the Apple Store.
I'm at einsteins bagels in Atlanta. E=MCSchmeared? :0
back+pain=catch 22..no drugs=can't sleep, drugs=can't remember my own name ..no good for stand-up, Good evening, I'm..er...
went to an apple store in town to buy apples and they told me they didn't sell apples. "Seriously, what kind of apple store doesn't sell apples?"
If your parents never had children. Chances are you won't either
Dear Master Card, Those "priceless" commercials make me want to cut up my master card. Please stop.
Why does my 4-year-old son only want to tell me a secret when I'm wearing a white shirt and he's eating chocolate?
Today my brother poked me in the belly at school
I want to be one of those Asian guys that can climb walls like spiderman.
I really appreciate when an old lady's perfume is subtle and not nose-rapey.
Just pushed a Sears mannequin I filled with hamburger & grape jelly off the roof of the Culver City Library. A cop fainted.
A childhood friend had a black toilet in his house. I always felt like a wizard putting a horrible ingredient in a cauldron.
Lost a twenty dollar bet on the Raiders. I was sure the Tusken Raiders were in all 3 “Star Wars” prequels.
An e-mail virus caused millions of damage to companies around the world today. Time for some payback - let's all punch a nerd in the face.
Super Mario is 25 years old today! Happy quarter century pixel dick.
Dear Pope I'm not sure I understand your doctrine. Please send me an outline of the basics. And condoms.
I wanna grow a full beard and then shave just a small patch above my upper lip: the Anti-Hitler.
Today I wore pants for a change. Horray!
For some reason women belive child birth is the hardest thing imaginable.
obviously never tried pissing straight with an erection.
I put a baby seat in the back of my car because if I find a runaway baby that wants a cool, older brother/best friend, he will need a seat.
Mia just drank some Sleepytime tea by accident and now she's walking around the house like I roofied her. Reminds me of our 1st meeting!
I still feel like the ATM is being sarcastic when it says, "thank you for allowing us to serve you."
If you can read this, please tweet "brown cheese is the best cheese"
next time i go to an old folks home i better not be a reaper again on halloween.
When a friend who's a little on the heavier side says '"I really enjoy my life", the correct response is not, I repeat, is not "it shows"
If I'm NOT on Oprah's plane to Australia that Travolta is piloting, I'm warning you now: THERE WILL BE M*****F****** SNAKES ON THAT PLANE
Anyone care to tell me 1) Why, when brushing my teeth, I raise my eyebrows AS FAR AS THEY WILL GO & 2) How long has this been going on?
as he has said nothing to disprove this point, i can only assume that my cat ivan is a genius.
As I was swimming with the dolphins this morning in Costa Rica I realized, I am a great man and I do great things.
 I bet Santa tastes like beer and candy canes.
I live in bakini bottom I have sandy cheeks and I know mr.krabs
A woman asked me "if I were a car what would I be, a sports car? A classic car? Or an exotic." I replied with, "A rental van because you've had every mans tool inside you, you shhhllllaaaagggg!"
i asked Facebook if i could study...it said no
I just met a guy fresh out of rehab and asked him if he wanted to grab a beer... FAIL
Every time a man exfoliates, he removes a very thin layer of heterosexuality from his face. If he says 'exfoliates' he removes another layer
I just saw a girl in a wheelchair laugh when an old guy tripped.
Must be depressing to be the stock photo model who gets used in a WebMD banner that says "Are You Depressed?"
It's hard to fart in every room in your house at the same time. Well with my new Spiced Ham scented candle, you don't have to!
I'd rather have Dr. J do surgery on me than have Dr. Phil talk me through a personal issue.
Tomorrow is Friday. In Spain, the phrase TGIF would be GADQEV. I’m saying we’re lucky to be Americans.
I live each day like it's my last. Sobbing uncontrollably and hugging random strangers everywhere. Gets awkward but hey, I'm dying tomorrow.
It's a good thing goldfish only have a 3-second memory because I just accidentally touched mine inappropriately while cleaning the tank.
My fella told me I was getting fat! Judging by the EX I thought he liked a fat chick! My bad!!
Hey, plane towing the banner ad, that is FAR too high up for me to click on it.
Wait, if these are my condoms, then what did I do with my one gallon freezer bags?!
Is it normal to pass out on the toilet or is it considered "not cool"? Asking for a friend.
Picture baby horses frolicking in the grass. Picture them falling into a pond of acid. Now wake up.
If I attack a loud, obnoxious neighbor, will cops buy that "we started a fight club and he backed out at the last minute"?
"Jersey Shore Star Snooki Is America's Accidental Sweetheart." Excuse me while I accidentally punch America.
"hey guy sitting beside me with the hairy chest and the low cut v-neck, that looks really good." - nobody.
Want to wear white pants but it's after labor day. Maybe wear assless chaps instead.
Hey Parents! Disney's new assembly line Tinkerbell movie, "Tinkerbell and the Great Fairy Rescue" is out! Try not to kill yourself! Ha ha!
It was so foggy in L.A. this morning, I accidentally kissed Matthew Perry on the street. Accidentally.
I'm in maxim magazine beating up bigfoot this month (anna kournikova on the cover - she's cool. and hot. i can vouch for that).
Saw some kids coloring, I told them stop wasting their time, they're never going 2 need that in the real world, then I gave baby crack pipes
Next to each piece of the Vatican's art should be a #that = the #of dying children it could feed if sold. #eatart
I've decided 2 make it a fair fight in fantasy fb 2day against u. My team will not wear helmets or shoulder pads. #JKLFL
Every time you fart as you're walking through first class getting on a plane, Jesus high-fives your grandmother.
Edward isn't a vampire. He lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles. He's obviously a fairy.
They should merge Vegas shows. Then we could have the Blouie Manderson Group.
Mum. Trying to make Julia Roberts happy through food, prayer and love before realising it comes from within. PS. Send condoms.
Ugh I hate airports. The men's bathroom here doesn't have any urninals! Just a bunch of women screaming. Lame.
By now, at least one coked-out weirdo has been arrested while wearing nothing but a bluetooth.
You can get anything at Costco! But the specialty of the house is diabetes.
What comes first being able to Bench 450 pounds or getting a Chiuaua because they seem to go hand and hand
Thanks everyone for pointing out that I spelled "butterflies" wrong in my last tweet. You are saving the Internet with every annoying post!
Doing a show at comixny.com tonight (Sunday). After the show, all females get to kiss me and all guys get to take take notes.
Breaking News: A plane carrying 5 million facebook fans was found missing. So this was the reason I had to shut down my comp for having no frens to chat online.
Dear twilight lovers, Edward is waiting for you in the forest. Go find him. Now. Just leave. Don't bring food or water.
The weather was great today then a fridge appeared and ate us.
"After eating here, my son failed an algebra test. One star." #UnfairReviews
When Dry Humping, always wear a button fly. TRUST ME.
Help me settle a bet: In Lars von Trier's "Antichrist", does the fox say "Chaos Reigns" or "Pizza Rules"?
My cat and hamster bite me when they are hungry! Wouldn't it be funny if people would bite each other when they got hungry?
chows down on Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream while watching THE BIGGEST LOSER. I like to pretend the contestants can see me eating.
i heard that if you sneak into the new twilight movie and blast justin bieber, the combination impregnates everyone.
I think I figured out the twist! M Night Shyamalan has been dead since 2003 and that's why all his movies suck.
The FedEx guy couldn't handle my sexiness. He wanted me to sign for my package with his dick.
The name Hogwarts makes me think of a diseased penis.
@Wired magazine says the Web is dead. Well, from beyond the grave, its ghost is stealing a s*** ton of my time.
Must be depressing to be the stock photo model who gets used in a WebMD banner that says "Are You Depressed?"
At what point in my adult life should I stop making sound effects when I grab things off my shelves?
Change is inevitable. Unless you need it to feed the parking meter. Then it's nowhere to be found.
Entourage Episode Idea 1: E can't get cell service, Turtle gets a bad haircut, Drama has an ingrown toe nail, and Vince eats a banana.
I'd rather hold someone's hand while they take a dump than listen to them clip their nails.
Dear NY Jets. If a woman reporter comes into your locker room, u must treat her with equality & civility. Or get a job in construction.
Why do they call it a 'Happy Meal' when it turns children into monsters? "Can we go to McDonalds? Can we? Well, after that can we?"
Bad news for that Koran-burning dude in Florida: it's available on Kindle.
BREAKING: Pastor Threatens to Barbeque Lady Gaga's Meat Dress
This Halloween, I'm gonna dress up as the grim reaper, visit the nursing home, and say "See you soon!"
What's really depressing to see in the midst of the summer is when you go to Starbucks, they are already serving the pumpkin spice latte.
I hate it when the Kool-Aid man crashes through my wall.
Quote of the Day:"I think; therefore I am"-Rene Descartes. Word of the Day: Existance....look it up & learn
9/11/2001 a day when terrorists wanted to send us a message. 9/11/2010 i unfriended Osama Bin Laden on facebook. WE WON!
dear taxi driver who's eating a large bag of pull n peel twizzlers and listening to ABBA, thank you for existing.
At the Malibu triathlon to cheer on my wife. My triathlon: three vicodin, a Bloody Mary and a sausage Mcmuffin.
Let's all pool our money and get a DC lobbyist to push for Congress to do a full day in pig latin or ubby dubby.
"Thanks! 5 minutes ago it was RUINING a McDonald's toilet. Total carnage." - fun response to stranger who says "Nice ass!"
I hope that guy that "wants to be a billionaire" makes $999,999,999.00 and then gets hit by a bus
Why is a school zone 20 mph? That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles
I wonder if there's a special calendar so celebrities know whose turn it is to have a cheating scandal/drug bust/meltdown.
So this Pastor planning to burn the Koran is named Terry Jones. Any relation to Jim and will there be Kool Aid?
If you see a hipster wearing a winter hat in NOT WINTER, it's ok to lock them in a walk-in freezer for 8 days.
I'm doing an 8x12' painting of my father giving me the "thumbs up." Why not? People paint crazy, impossible stuff all the time.
Sitcom idea: "My name is Hurricane Earl." A hurricane has to apologize to all the folks who's lives it destroyed. With a bad mustache.
You shouldn't swim immediately after eating. Unless you are a shark. Then you should always keep swimming. Otherwise you'll die.
Why is there a homeless guy always offering to open the door at my ATM? Does he think I am going to withdraw quarters?
I still can't yell "Hello Cleveland!" on stage without feeling like I've wandered into the movie Spinal Tap.
This whole 'koran burning' thing lost its edge somewhat with the advent of the printing press. Later on I'm deleting 200 copies of bible.pdf
Topical Storm Earl? Now what am I supposed to do with all these "Hurricane Earl Blew Me" t-shirts?
Whenever I find out someone has a waterbed I always think, “That’s probably not the only thing you have”.
In the future, when annoying tourists ask me where Ground Zero is, I'l be able to say "Two blocks from the mosque."
New slogan for walnuts. "Walnuts: just a tiny bit more expensive than you'd think they'd be."
3 things you'll never see at Whole Foods: A fat person, a bra or a sense of humor.
Instead of a mosque, we should have a comfy chair at Ground Zero for @SarahpalinUSA to sit in & remind passing New Yorkers about 9/11.
Jet skis are fun but you always look like someone who doesn’t have enough friends to fill a boat.
@rainnwilson i would give my left nut for a taquito right about now. @Taqueria Done
Great headlines today-"Feds Looking For Ebonics Translator", & "Too Fat For Manicure: Salon Charges More". Sometimes jokes write themselves.
Murderers! Stop murdering. Everyone will die eventually. Just sit down and be patient.
Landlord left canary. It was lonely. I got it a friend. 1 of em has dun a egg. Who owns the baby& will it grow up to be canary Jesus?
Love means never having to say you're sorry. So I'll just say that it's unfortunate that I ran over your dog.
hope no 1 says hooking up w me is a "move toward not being superficial" like I just overheard at thai restaurant about someone named mike
I hate the word "meme." I prefer "ephemeral fun thing that upon closer examination is stupid. Also, I'm afraid of apples."
When Churchill said "Difficulties mastered are opportunities won", I don't think he had ever tried to "sext" on an iPhone.
I married Miss Right. I didn't know her first name was Always.
On family vacation. 1st rule of family vacation: no relaxing. 2nd rule of family vacation: WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THERE?!
This is a sentence that begins normally then takes an absurd turn you would not otherwise expect when Snakepanties.
When I see other LOST fans, I feel like we're silently telling each other, "We have to go back."
Lately, as I drive by pedestrians in my car, I like to yell out the window, "I'll see you when you get home!". I never could keep a secret.
Shaved vacation beard down to goatee. I look like an elderly gay Viennese psychiatrist circa 1910. Sweet! Just the look I wanted.
Pregnant ladies should join frats because I swear I could drink a gallon of milk in an hour, no problem.
Not sure why I get emails from Bloomingdale's everyday. Maybe it's because I buy Paris Hilton cologne everyday?
How about this compromise: we build a 14-story 9/11 memorial inside the mosque by ground zero?
Day 23 here in Edinburgh. Plague-like symptoms have kicked in. Have also been rendered hairless from the waist down. Mostly good otherwise.
"Intern" is a fancy word for “if you have rich parents, you can work here for free.
If you visit a city, make sure you buy a T-shirt with that cities name on it so people know you went to that city.
Anyone who rides recumbent bicycles, please hit "unfollow". It's ridiculous.
Trapped Miners Speak: 'At Least We're Not Stuck in a Jennifer Aniston Movie'
The FDA egg recall has hit a total of 380 million eggs. I can’t wait till they find the tired, evil hen that did this.
One annoying thing about sidewalks is how the squares light up when I step on them. #imjesus
Ever have one of those weird dreams where you wake up with humps? With humps? With lovely lady lumps?
My sweatpants to me this cold morning, "I haven't seen you in months and now you think you can just get inside me?"
Facebook is trying to prevent people from seeing the film "The Social Network" by telling people it's about LinkedIn.
Yep go all in @GhostPanther Help. I need a quick poker ruling. Does a six, nine, Jack, three, queen beat a full house? If it does I just made five grand!
Dear Douche Bag wearing sunglasses in the grocery store, You are achieving the opposite effect of your goal.
It's finally over for Frankie Muniz, right? We can put that behind us?
An unknown number of cupcakes have fled to Canada, removing their icing and pretending to be muffins. #cupcakewar
Goat Cheese: "Hey you know that disgusting animal you'd never eat? Check out what we did with some of it's breast milk!"
Why do people waste so much money on sex changes when all you have to do is slash the "s" of the word "she".
NERDS: How do I disable the shutter-click noise on my phone's camera? This lady on the bus is breastfeeding twins.
911 operators' voices should be electronically "Muppet-ized" to set callers at ease in their time of difficulty.
I'm going to break into the apple store overnight and replace all their macs with pc computers. Just to mess with them.
Do the children of porn stars make tapes of themselves doing Neil Simon plays to get back at their parents?
My mom said that all women are multitaskers while eating an icecream, talking on the phone and driving at the same time.........I'm second guessing my womanhood...
Idea to make bowling more interesting: paint the pins so they very realistically resemble crying children.
@darthvader Awesome! I already have the toaster that cooks your face onto each slice. With this my evil sandwich making tools are complete.
Under every @JustinBieber hairdo is a @RyanSeacrest hairdo trying to come out.
It's a good thing the gulf shrimp aren't tainted -- I'd hate to be forced to eat at the Bubba Gump Slug Company.
"Engagement rings are pointless. Indians gave cows...Oh sorry, congrats on proposing. We good now? Can I finish my indian story?"
Piss off curious geroge.. How about a coherent sentance once in a while?2?! Jerkoff monkey
Surprise for Sheila's 50th ETA 2 min, hope Sheila's not on twitter
All sidewalk Michael Jackson impersonators look like they got kicked in the face by a horse made of drugs
Facebook's new "Places," shares your exact location via GPS. Because why should stalkers be limited to Twitter & Foursquare?
Everyone does a cross-eyed shiver when they piss, right?
Time to hit the reset button on the number of days it's been since I've seen a homeless guy taking a s*** while eating an apple.
Remember before Hummers when you had to talk to a guy to tell if he was an asshole?
Is the general rule, the dirtier the servers are at health food restaurants the better the food is?
i hate everyones balls except for mine
monday morning at work is like getting woken up by someone hitting you in the face with a piece of wet fish
Woke up this morning with my ear folded under my head. It's very sore. That's dangerous. People should be made more aware of folded ear.
Want to feel like a serial killer? Be the only person eating in a Jack-in-the-box
In the zombie apocalypse, if forced to eat human meat, i would only eat women cause eating man meat is gay.
You won't be laughing when your daughter gets one of my tweets tattooed on her stomach.
Anonymous blog comments are the Internet's version of flaming bags of shit left on a doorstep.
I know its mostly kids but anyone so idle and lame to camp out for a phone or a movie shld be used to stop up the oil well
Eat Pray Love was basically about an insecure girl who figures out she's a selfish idiot...Bali looks pretty cool though :)
How freakin good do babies smell!? I wanna jam one up each nostril and rob a bank!
Really happened 2day:playing Angry Birds when an actual bird hit bedroom window & died. I would take a pic but it's open dead eyes r freaky
Is it possible that at Brett Favre's age he just keeps forgetting he retired?
News Corp announcing that It's starting to support the GOP is like Tiger saying he just met his first stripper.
I don't want to brag or make you jealous, but I can still fit into the earrings I wore in high school.
Never judge someone til you've walked a mile in their shoes. Unless their shoes are Crocs.
Seem to have come down with mean case of what I have taken to calling curry ass.
Watching Care Bears Movie. I dont think those bears are even singing the songs. I bet it's dubbed. What a rip off! Damn you Hollywood!
Face facts, China will rule us all soon. And we'll all be forced to wear those awful Chinese slippers
I don't have a dog because I know I would force train it to always walk on its hind legs at all times for my own amusement.
I'm NEVER eating carbs again!! Wait... Doritoes have carbs? #nevermind
I'm unable to explain what I mean by this but Leonardo DiCaprio has a tuna face.
Sarah Silverman smells like soup.
When someone says 'wait for it...' as a comedic device, it's even funnier to just kick them in the crotch real fast.
My four year old: One day I want to go to Hollywood. Me: You live in Hollywood. Her: Oh. (pause) One day I want to go to Party City.
Key factor to making an decent exorcist movie... get a chick that can crack her neck and limbs in 17 different ways and get an old dude to yell THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELLS YOUUUUU!!
Hey woman in the stall before me who didn't flush, urine isn't supposed to have pulp.
Remember: don't make eye contact with a wizard today... for it is Friday the 13th.
 I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
As a young child, my mum told me I could be anybody I wanted to be... Turns out the police call that identity theft.
Look, if the toaster's broken, then it's fair game for stickin' your penis in. That's just the laws of common sense.
DEAR TWITTER, I WOULD RATHER FOLLOW LEMMINGS OFF A CLIFF THAN FOLLOW PARIS HILTON. STOP SUGGESTING HER.
I liked it better when the only Teen Choices were "fetch me a beer" and "shut the hell up."
Wedding gift shopping for Chelsea Clinton. Electric pepper mill or a new face?
@BAR_BEE looks a bit like my wife, when she was younger. Those were the days.
Spent all day at Legoland with my son during Star Wars weekend. Gushed like a fangirl when I met Darth Vader. He's my Justin Bieber
"Lady Gaga Gets Licked By Fan." Just to be clear -- which one are we concerned for here?
FUN GAME: Fly JetBlue and randomly call people "motherf******," just to see what fireworks ensue.
I never lock the bathroom door. If someone walks in on me I yell "GET THE F*** IN HERE!". It always works.
The Expendables is basically just The Devine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood for people who were adolescent boys in the 80s.
One fun thing about adulthood is being attacked by an unexpected childhood memory & then weeping uncontrollably in a bakery.
Sex Ed. when you're home-schooled must be a treat.
There's a reason I can't do both at the same time: premature ejaculation
I hope you were relentless on that kid David Mound. His name is Mound and he eats raw eggs. Loser.
For all photos, I think I'm gonna start lifting up my shirt, showing off my gut, and demanding to be called The Fatuation.
Wyclef Jean has filed papers to run for President of Haiti. If his politics are as good as his rapping on "Hips Don't Lie", Haiti is saved.
Everytime I check my Twitter Account, I get a really weird feeling I'm being followed... anyone else get this?
I wonder how many times a day Mark Zuckerberg jacks it to the "The Social Network" preview?
I hope Teresa Giudice's daughters all grow up to be butch lesbians who are picked on in high school, then move to Portland.
My body is a temple. The temple of Grugax, the fat, albino monkey-goblin. Sacrifices welcome.
I’m getting ready to interview President Obama. There’s so much security here at the View, you’d think Justin Bieber was back.
Not sure if there's an award for "hottest woman seen eating Chicken McNuggets on a train," but I think I have a nominee.
Just saw a cute little boy eating a HUGE cookie! I taught him a lesson about loss that I know he'll appreciate one day.
I was going 2 punch an elephant in the face & then I remembered, they never forget. So I punched an old person, they forget everything.
Sharks are jealous of me because I make love to mermaids in front of them.
The Teen Choice Awards confirm my belief that teens should not be given a choice.
Just got fired from SuperCuts for suggesting we change our name to 'Shut the Fuck up. You're at the Mall. What did you Expect?''
Walking down Carrera 7 in Bogota. Just passed Hooters. Shouldn't it be spelled Jooters?
Whenever I'm at a crossroads, I ask myself, "What Would Wesley Snipes do?" Then I buy a gun and don't pay my taxes.
Whenever I see a guy in jean shorts I feel sad that he has nobody in his life to say, "You really shouldn't wear those."
Does anyone else not take the sport "skeet shooting" seriously?
Wait, if NSFW is taken, how do I abbreviate "Nuts Shaved For Weekend?"
Paul the octopus said I'd go to the beach instead of work & I wouldn't get fired. My prediction? Paul will be my lunch once I get a new job.
Favre retiring for third time. Only 2 more until the apocalypse.
Friends! Instead of yelling "F***!" or "Son of a B****!," try yelling "Jennifer's Biscuits!" It's just as satisfying.
Andy Jones just saw someone laugh and vomit. At the same time.
I feel like at any moment now quick sand is going to make a comeback as one of the leading causes of death
"No. Humans will die out. We're weak. Dinosaurs survived on rotten flesh. You got diarrhea last week from a Wendy's."
Does anyone else poop while they're on FB?
hours ago via MOTOBLUR
I'm in that weird place in my life right now where forgetting to DVR Jersey Shore premiere is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
In his first day since stepping down from BP, Tony Hayward took a dump in his neighbor's pool.
working on sequel to "eat pray love" called "shit cry die." sort of a glass half empty take.
"I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" is a cute song until you find out it's a murder witness court transcript put to music.
Watching Mel Gibson in "What Women Want". I don't know, something about it just feels different now.
Justin Bieber in 3D? And you thought movie theater floors were sticky before.
I turn the kitchen faucet on and the shower burns you, yes, I get it...No, I'm not gonna stop, I'm just saying yes, I get that concept.
I showed my mom that if you bend your arm and take a picture of the crease it looks like a butt so now my mom is sticking things in that crease and taking pictures of that...
In his last official act as BP CEO, Tony Hayward urinated in the company pool.
A trillion dollars in minerals found in Afghanistan! Proof that if u have a dream & keep invading places, it will eventually pay off!
Whoever said peeing in the urinal for kids causes no "splash back" is an idiot
Hang on, Wolverine from X-men's claws are made of Adamantium? As in Adam-Ant-Ium?! Reckon there's a link?
Just a heads up. Coughing in someone's mouth while you kiss is apparently not a turn on.
I have an epic idea. Can anyone recommend some ultra-powerful sorcerers willing to work on spec?
a dog tried to attack me on my run tonight...my plan was to stab it with my key if it did :)
its funny how ppl's facebook profile activities used to say "smokin pot, makin out, shoppin, bunkin college" and then their mom n dad join facebook and all the activities change to "painting pots, making money, charity and study all the time.
When I was your age playing StarCraft involved lots of macaroni, paper mache and Elmer's Glue.
HEY WOW AN UGLY FAT BRITISH LADY SANG A PRETTY SONG... ON TELEVISION. STOP THE PRESSES!!!
wants to know what it means when your 2 year old drags his face on the carpet while crawling. Mike did this too but not Bekah. How come I have weird sons?
Just tested my "laws don't apply to me" theory at the airport. Homeland Security obviously doesn't follow me on Twitter.
I think I'll get two tablets so I can be like Moses! But I will change the commanments!!! Lol
Guest-lifeguarding all afternoon at the local pool. Had to do mouth-to-mouth on old drowning guy who said he wasn't drowning but he was.
I'm on Letterman tonight. Literally. I get on top of him.
I've never really figured out what I'm supposed to do between Fast and Furious movies.
I like to nurse hobos back to health, then release them back into the wild to hunt them. Like every Sunday.
Remember the time you spent the entire year's budget in a month and said the client was "too dumb to notice"? How did that backfire?
Oldest woman dies at 104. Her last words: 'Who the fuck is Justin Beiber?'
When you shake someone's hand it's definitely creepy to ask "Does this count as first base?"
I hate driving. I have to drink vodka just to get through it.
Just texted my mom to see if she wanted to get pedis after work. It was only after I sent it that I realized iPhone corrected 'pedis' to 'penis'. I asked my mom if she wanted penis after work. Brilliant.
You can train a pigeon to babysit a human baby if you cover the baby in hay & trash & bread & stuff.
if a clown offers you a hamburger, and it's not ronald mcdonald, do not eat the hamburger. learned that the hard way.
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks...why is there a light in the fridge?
Why does everybody hate Chris, but everybody loves Raymond?....racist
Just saw a guy dressed as a centaur at AMC...
Holy crap...a goat just ran out in front of us in Eufala...
It's funny how the caps lock button can ruin a conversion...for example, "what?" with "Caps Lock" becomes "WHAT?" - not good
I've seriously considered entering this underground sword-fighting club, to gain some street cred. Book clubs are nice too.
Finally, federal court rules cheerleading officially not a sport
You know your getting old when your wife is out of town and you feel mischievous for getting hot wings.
JohnsonForGeorgia.com <-- Website name fail lol
No officer, I wasn't speeding. I was defending my cars honor against a Camaro.
has been told that I need to be more open about my life, so here's a couple things: I discovered salt, & created FM radio.
Borrowed one of grandma's rings just so I could say, while playing video games, "Don't make me slap you with my ring hand!"
Is so horny i could fook a dog with piles
is voting that the name be changed from French Fries to Potato Rails.
Did u know that when some1 annoys u, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
No one says "it's only a game" when they are winning
When things change.. they never stay the same.
There's something wrong when you're taking a dump and the only term that comes to mind is "Rock Lobster"
Why is it when people say they were someone else in another life, it's always someone famous?
Rule #64: Under NO circumstances does one EVER accept an upside down kamikaze shot offer from a female bodybuilder.
Two chinese people had an albino baby last week. Turns out 2 Wongs do make a white.
My wife says" driving down hwy 99 is Luke torcher with a side of stupid" as we return from our vacation in Huntington Beach! Lol!!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
stopped using mouthwash when he read that it "kills germs on contact." I never did like the thought of anything dying while in my mouth.
 Ok so I'm going to tickle Gina- so in protest she fires milk at me from her nipple! Aww man!
I owe a lot to my parents.....specially to my mother and father..........
 LETS HAVE SEX. lol jk. Im playing COD. Go make me a fukking sandwich btch.
Skinny people bug me. They say things like, "Sometimes I forget to eat." Now, I've forgotten my keys, my glasses, my address and my mother's maiden name. But I have never forgotten to eat! You have to be a special kind of stupid to forget to eat!
I think the term "crotchless underwear" is crass. I prefer "vagina snorkel."
I have vomit on my pants, and it's not mine.
i found out the reason we celebrate JULY FOURTH, it's becasue that is the day columbus sailed the ocean and was never found. so we BLOW UP fireworks so he can find his way home
someone told me that McDonalds sold hotdogs so i went and ordered a McWeiner and they laughed
i like pie and so will you after i'm through with you
waited in line all night 4 new "Predator" movie only 2 find out comes out next week was wondering why every1 was dressed as vampires in line
My ex just emailed some pics of her having sex with her new boyfriend to me. I guess she's trying to make me jealous. So I just forwarded them to her dad. NATE-1 : HORSE HUMPIN' BITCH-0
What do Edward Cullen and a Christmas tree have in common?
tiny balls sparkle.
mmmm men.
I'm going to attempt to do absolutely nothing today. We'll see how it goes.
will not only have the house to himself all next week, but the entire SouthEast as well.
hates Piggly Wiggly day -.-
Best quote of the day from my wife "quit looking at the cat's nuts and get out of the tub"
OMG I STILL LAUGH HYSTERICALLY AT THOSE DANGED OLE BIG BALLS!!!! Golly, i love that show!
is back in the saddle again. And by saddle, I mean prison........ and by again, I mean for reckless irresponsibility, and alleged arson.
I don't know what women keep bragging about being able to multi-task for. What's so great about doing three things wrong at the same time?
there was a time when apple and blackberry were just fruits...
Next time I'm on a job interview and they ask my accomplishments, I'm going to say don't know if you know this, but Windows 7 waas my idea.
 Sign of the times when you don't take a newspaper or magazine to the bathroom with you anymore. Instead you take your laptop with you
R.O.F.L.S.H.V.U.A.K.O.M.A.I.L-Rolling On Floor Laughing SoHard Voldemort Uses AvadaKedavra On Me And I Live
 Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Breaking News: Your a C*nt.
Why is it that in hospitals, the staff will leave the TV on in the rooms of coma patients? I know there's a theory that they can hear, so why not leave them a radio? What idiot thinks they can see?!
the words 'multi-tasking' were invented for the day women had to learn to juggle housework with Facebook.
Is not lactating, so please step off
THEY'RRREEE GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEATTTTT!!!!!
is wondering if we could get Tupac back if we offered up Justin Bieber as a sacrifice to appease the Hip-Hop gods...
Free yoohoo is awesome in the beginning but after 4 or 5 it may not be as sweet as it sounds.
I'm sorry Justin Bieber, but it's sucks to know you are a product of Canada. Power to Michael Buble and Jim Carey. We loves you!
I found this weekend that when you play a Nickelback album backward you hear messages from Satan... but even worse: if you play it forward.. you hear Nickelback...
How can you possible "feel like P-Diddy"? Has P-Diddy ever told you what he feels like?
Here's my prayer for the weekend: Dear Lord, let me prove that winning the lottery won't spoil me. Amen.
used the search term “the perfect job for me” on Google and my computer laughed at me.
is not very happy w/ my fantasy team right now. I'm gonna have to send each of them some Tom Emanski tapes & Barry Bond's "Vitamins"
Here's some gambling advice: Beware the woman who arrives while you're winning.
I know that Usain Bolt is abnormally fast already, but I think he can be even faster. Especially if someone let a cheetah loose behind him.
just found out that the poster in his room,,, well which was supposed to be a self portrait of Hitler was of Charlie Chaplin without his hat.
forgive me almighty for underestimating the power of ur mustache.
is Sitting on the sea shore waiting for TSUNAMI to clean up his ASS.
Broker than the Tooth Fairy in a house full of meth addicts!
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a night, light a man on fire and he's warm for life.
As confused as a hungry baby in a topless bar.
is pissed off thinking, Why they call it shipment when he send things through Car and Cargo while sending through ship...!!
Doesn't care if this is the city that never sleeps, I want an Ambien!
 is thinking, Why does a GF work years to change a BF's habits and then complain that he's not the man she engaged?
I hate, hate, hate Peter Pan and everything he stands for. Including his political views and his thoughts on recycling and the future of neverland
is wondering, Psychotherapist or Psycho - the - Rapist ??
Despite contrary belief, a didgeridoo (Sp?) is in fact a musical instrument. Not a bong. Who da thunk it, eh?
God used to be my co-pilot...until we crashed into the side of that mountain....and I had to eat him!"
awwww, crud.. just realized its Monday!! Shower day ALREADY???
needs fresh air and regrets the decision to let the dog lick up the spilled Fiber One yogurt.
It's been days since I last saw your face. It's also been days since the last time I violently threw up.
Went to the bank to ask for a loan. Here's a hint as to how it went.......they wanted their calendar back.
Unemployment has taught me how to make holiday gifts out of everyday household items.
I think homework should die in a maggot filled hole, with vultures pecking at it forever, and then it should be run over by a tank, then eaten by a whale, and then spit out so far into space, that martians can look at it, and scream
would not be attractive as a woman
I'm gonna go to the exotic fish store, buy 10 goldfish & 1 piranha. It's gonna be EPIC.
 is done with the cookies and made appointments for the hair and girl parts. :) Things are going smoothly....
Amoeba don't fart, that would be weirdm as they don't have bottoms.
they might produce bubbles occasionally.
 RT @PGS_: I'm a heroine addict. I love women who have saved someone's life// I'am more into crack, it's kinkier...
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, if you throw it precisely.
bets that in prison everyone's relationship status is set to "it's complicated".
Has anyone ever thought about the fact that Mr Krabs lives in Bikini Bottom?
likes to test a psychic's ability with a knock-knock joke. If they say "Who's there?", I get the hell out of there.
Katie hates it when old relatives come up to you at weddings and say "You'll be next, dear". I'm sure they wouldn't be too impressed if I started saying that to them at funerals.
It's all fun and games until you realise the "rocket" in your nephew's Lego launchpad came from the drawer in your nightstand...
is not a doctor, but I play one in the emergency room until security shows up.
is wondering if Jewish doctors get paid for doing circumcisions, or just get to keep the tips.
~ I told my family that I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle....so, they got up, unplugged my computer, and threw out my whiskey :(
is against recycling, because it makes me look like a huge alcoholic to my garbage man.
discovered today that when a police officer says, "Ma'am, your eyes look red. Have you been drinking?", you should never respond with "Officer, your eyes look glazed. Have you been eating doughnuts?".
Tiger Woods will play at the Masters. The second most important 18 holes of his life.
sure i'll sign oprah's pledge to make my car a cell free zone... it'll free up both hands to hold my grey goose bottle.
I can't wait til dark. I am going out to catch fireflies in attempt to light a candle.
"Let there be coffee"...And then there was coffee...And the co-workers loved the coffee...and drank it all, the bastards!
if i could quit school and work to smoke and workout all day, i would.
Sometimes you are the fire hydrant, sometimes you are the dog
is tired and going to bed because this huge turd will not come out of my butthole and i am sick of dealing with it.
Was in the mood to pore some sugar on me. Now Im all sticky and attracting ants.
I'm too lazy to milk my cow on farmville.
Staying up this late is giving me extreme paranoia.  One of the CPA from Monster's INC is  going to drop from the ceiling and ask for my autograph.
This is FACEBOOK, quit posting your nasty twisted-kissy-faced-Myspace-angled photos. Thank you.
If you watch jaws backwards its about a huge shark that throws up so many people that they need to open a beach.
"the greatest thing about Facebook, is that you can quote something and totally make up the source.” – George Washington
Is included. Batteries sold seperatley!
Full length back tattoo of the Hawaiian Punch Guy. 10% real fruit juice!
Woman in front of me at show has a key tatooed on her back. What does it open?
disturbed after reading the word "buttonhole" too fast in the context of an article about hand surgery.
The Internet: Where men are men, women are men, and children are the FBI.
Almost had my phone confiscated trying to take pic of girl wearing silver SEINFELD belt buckle at airport. Didn't get the shot. :(
is posting on Twitter that he is updating his Facebook status update.
is pretty sure that Voldemort is behind him in traffic. And because I know you're wondering, yes he has spinners on his 88 LS
is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars?
Got out of jury duty by prefacing every answer with "according to the prophecy"
's boss fired him via text message. I don't have a text messaging plan. I paid $0.25 to get fired.
Just saw someone put out cigarette and immediately start puffing on an asthma inhaler. HAY HELTH JEENYUS: UR DOING IT RONG
i love my amazing future husband, and he is the best person EvEr at beer pong!!!
Depending on the situation, fanny packs are probably pretty useful DAMN YOU CARGO PANTS YOU ARE A GATEWAY DRUG.
thinks one good thing about Alzheimer's is that you can hide your own Easter eggs!
Never moon a werewolf.
I got new deodorant yesterday... The instructions said remove top and push up bottom... My ass hurts but everytime i fart the room smells awesome
says we could merge My Space, Facebook, You Tube and Twitter and call it: MY FACE YOU TWIT.
thinks that if your relationship status says, "It's complicated" that you should stop kidding yourself and change it to "Single"
Good news: the high levels of weed killer in our drinking water means we can kill the weeds on our lawn just by peeing on it.
Yeah buddy, good idea, beep your horn. That'll get the 10,000 cars in front of us to move. Ass-hat.
Just FYI: If you stake a hipster thinking he's a vampire the cops will not accept the defense that u have twilight fever
Kanye West has three words for you: "BEYONCE for PRESIDENT!"
I am about to release my sex tape. Having a beer gut and pasty white ass will be the new black.
is [this comment has been removed due to legal action by the Church of Scientology]
Breaking news: Serbians to use garlic to ward off swine flu.  Vampires enraged at the announcement.
Just saw someone in a fur coat walking a dog. "I love to take care of animals AND wear them!" If only they were holding a burger.
If guys in big trucks have tiny dicks then do guys on loud motorcycles have quiet ones? Dicks that can whisper?
Ends up that the "water" on the moon is actually just alien piss. Oh well.
i Liked your Status and now 25 notifications later........I'm hating me for Liking your status.
George Lopez YOU ARE NOT FUNNY AND I DONT WANT TO PARTY WITH YOU
When you set your kid as your profile pic, it makes me feel like a pedophile. Like I'm friends with tons of babies and toddlers. Stop
has the body of a God, unfortunately its Buddha
Why oh why do they feel it's necessary to put little hearts, flowers, and butterflies all over the tampon wraper? It's not as if it's not literally already painfully obvious that I am a chick!
Step 1: Steal underpants. Step 2: _________. Step 3: Rule the galaxy!
Couldn't find any rebels to destroy today. Parked sideways across 3 handicapped spaces instead. Felt almost as good.
everyone watch out for terrorists today, I hear there hidin in the rocky's waitin to strike, GET R DUUUUN!!!
My friend had an asian looking baby today...her husband isn't asian...
thinks that suprisingly enough, Snoop Dogg looks a Hell of a lot like Hagrid from Harry Potter. Look for it, you'll see it
has found love in facebook. She is from bangladesh and “wan day will reash amehica”.
prepare to sacrifice your children... for in but a few minutes it will be 09:09 on 09/09/09
is sweating like a cat at a Chinese restaurant...
For Sale sign in car window says: Van Rans Gud....
 why does it hurt when I pee?
just farted in Mark's cubicle. It was so bad that he threw up on his desk.
Mark-2
Whoever says Paper beats Rock is an idiot. Next time I see someone say that I will throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper
just wants to point out that Cinderella is living proof that shoes CAN change your life!
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
is wondering where noah kept woodpeckers on his ark
Dear Pringles, Now that I am no longer a child, I can no longer fit my hand inside your tube of deliciousness. Work on that.
Thinking about making Taco Bell's Black Jack taco the official fast food of the Empire.
I farted, I puked... I love HEATHER LYNN RITZ... I love you boo
I'm pretty sure Luke would cool his thrusters for Princess Leia if he knew they used to be wombmates.
Yo, Hilary Duff! I'm really happy for you, and I'ma let you finish, but Sarah Jessica Parker has the Horsiest face of all time!
is...wondering how much additional money the March of Dimes would have for themselves if they stopped sending dime coins to everyone.
New DNA tests on Hitler's skull shows that it belonged to a 40 year old woman. Which really changes my image of Hitler.
I wish my family doctor's last name was Pepper. That would rule.
If E.T. would have flown in the first place, he could have caught up with his ship and I could concentrate in this meeting.
thinks that if completing homework was as addicting and amazing as eating candy corn, then she would have completed ever last bit of her homework along with everyone else's on the floor by now...and would have an infinite amount of time to relax...and eat candy corn.
I put Gold Bond Powder on my privates and now they look like ET when he was sick. Add a red hoodie and I've just found my Halloween costume.
@TradingGoddess ha, yeah. @BAR_BEE looks a bit like my wife, when she was younger. Those were the days.
I've just finished installing child locks on all my cabinets, trash cans and cupboards. Now let's see those kids try and get out of there
Claiming a product promotes weight loss when combined with diet and exercise is like claiming it grants wishes when used with a leprechaun.
What would I do for a Klondike bar? Seriously? It's like the most average ice cream treat you can get...
What say we all parachute out of a plane in gray jumpsuits and land near a high school in Patrick Swayze's honor?
For @adamisacson's birthday, we've replaced his tie with a boa constrictor. Let's see if he- OH! OH GOD! THIS ISN'T FUNNY AT ALL!
How about a pirate-themed "All the Single Mateys"? No need to thank me until next year's VMAs.
I hope Lady Gaga donates her old costumes to homeless shelters. Because that would be hilarious.
I just interviewed someone who's email address contains "BabyGirl15" in it. Guess which professional is not getting the job?
is not a vampire. But he does like them spread on toast with a nice glass of yuppie blood.
I hate when sick little kids make everything all about them. Hey kid, you're not the only one with problems.
Today we caught a bull shark, I punched it! Then while snorkeling we literally swam 5 ft away from 3 six ft bull sharks for 15 min! Giggity.
they should rename ga tech "socialy awkward university" home of the star wars quotation shirts
i hate it when people steal my ideas before i think of them.
is seriously pissed about the naked roommate thing. Knock it off, Matt and Dylan. I'm not kidding.
is gettin ready to take a monster dump....I know, sounds weird, but hey! Everyone does it, Im just open about it ;).
“note to self: Don’t go to the grocery store when you’re hungry on your lunch break unless you plan on spending big $$$.” - (note to Brett Favre: Don’t go to the Minnesota Vikings when you’re old after retiring twice unless you plan on throwing 5 interceptions against the Bengals again.)
has made it his job to put the “fun” back into funeral.
girlfriend came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her. So I hit her over the head with my Playstation.
is more frustrated than an Amish electrician
Um ma'am, ur thong is showing.
Sometimes I tweet just to see what I'm going to say.
is not for everyone. Clinical tests show that Rabies may cause nausea, fatigue, and kidney or liver problems. Ask your doctor if Rabies is right for you.
Follow your dreams, except for that one where you're naked at work
is wishing that she could throw magic dust on her problems and make them disappear! Kind of like a wizard...or a crack addict!
Today is the day where eagles fly high and mullets ride strong happy day of freedom my beautiful land of liberty
That's enough, Nickelback.
Dawn just got asked if she wanted to pee on a stick- why do I never get asked that
says a clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
is proud of herself. She finished a jigsaw puzzle in 6 months and the box said 2-4 years.
says my computer just beat me at chess...but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Huynh is color blind and trying to solve a rubiks cube... This could take a while...
dreams of a better world...where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned :0)
is wondering.... if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
used to play sports. Then she realized you can buy trophies. Now she's good at everything.
feels like getting some work done...and so he is sitting down until the feeling passes.
 -- my name is Cuba Pete. I'm the king of the rhamba beat. And when I dance it goes, "booo cicka boom, boom chicka boom, boom chicka boom."
As I waz saying, i never repeat myself, I never repeat myself EVER!!!
is recommended by 4 out of 5 ex-girlfriends.
While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it...thanks Mario Kart.
just saw my mom naked...it was lunch time...
thinks its weird that if you scream in a library people just look at you funny...but if you scream on an airplane everyone joins in..
 will miss you summer 09..we had alot of fun together...but..what happens in summer stays in summer and i dont want this to get awkward..so my number...lose it.
can single-handedly make all your dreams come true...but hes not cocky so he'll just use both hands..
just got back from the hospital.  I got hit by a car twice in one day...
woke up his cute little princess this morning. She started feeling my face with her eyes closed.  I asked her what she's doing and she said "Looking for the off button."
a blonde just texted me and asked "what does idk stand for? " i said " i dont know" she said "omg! nobody does!"
The Mexican word of the day is "CHICKEN" . . . "I was going to go to the store with my wife but, chicken go herself
Why does every starbucks smell like throw up. I'm gona ninja penis the next dude who throws up in here
believing in the power of hypnosis to improve your life NOW! http://bit.ly/22GWXP
OMG, someone in a GIANT CHICKEN SUIT just showed up at my door to sing Happy Birthday to me! There are no words.
Says if a turtle loses his shell is he naked or homeless??
