“@CapitalOfficial: NYE! Are you ready to party?”.... "erm... No!! "
Don't look for dirt UNLESS  you are ready to find it !
Go home, take some rests, lunch, then we are ready for ROCK you guyss!!!
as stingy as you are i think you're ready
Are you ready for the takedown? Uh-yeah!
When people stunt.... and lie.... I be soooo ready to E X P O S E .... But that's because I'm not shit.... but hey neither are you :-)
we're going to live like we're telling the best story in the whole world, are you ready? <3
We are afraid of handouts but we are ready to record a lot. If you would contribute to a kickstarter, please "like" this status.
I like you for you... Not for what you got & for who you may become.... You are all ready a star in my eyes... Do you know that??
Are you ready........ ┐('⌣'┐) (┌'⌣')┌   ┐('⌣'┐) (┌'⌣')┌
Its almost 2012! Are you ready?
i dont understand why girls dont exspect to get the shit nockef out of them when thry are beating down on you i mean you hit me be ready to
Ready (ˆ⌣ˆ‎ʃƪ) RT "@TheCodyINDO: goodmorning indonesian angels(: today is the last day in 2011 are you ready for the new "
are you ready for 2012?
My chain heavy/ my chain too heavy/ my eyes steady/ so very steady/ are you ready/ well get ready/ to hang out with Eddie/ Eddie Confetti.
Hello, dear chicest of them all!  Ready to shop incredible bargains???  Of course you are!  Wheeeeeeeeeeeeee!
jwhit214 yes sir, they are ready when you are. Bout to txt u Mya's phone
Ready to get cody's fllwbackk :D RT "@TheCodyINDO: goodmorning indonesian angels(: today is the last day in 2011 are you ready for the new "
New year is coming !!! Are you ready ???  .Great opportunity to seek God and make (or remake) a wise resolutions. .Happy New Year!God Bless U!
Are you ready tonight
Are you ready to Welcome New year.....?
never convince yourself you are ready for something that you can't handle. You'll regret it.
NYE! Are you ready to party?
Open the new days door. Are you ready? No matter what happens to you, don't have to mind.【TIMER】
on FB you are so in love and ready to marry the girl yet you texting my phone askin when we gonna chill?
 Are you ready for 2012?
Ready to be 21! March where are you?!
Just imagine; one day you too shall end up in the Grave and that day could be today. Are you ready now?
goodmorning indonesian angels(: today is the last day in 2011 are you ready for the new year? :D -gege-
"Are you ready for Jesus to come back?" Me: "Uhh nooo, are you?" "Yea, i pray everyday" Me: "ohh okay, not acting like that" Lmao
Have you ever noticed a women's , "I'll be ready in 5 minutes." & a man's,"I'll be home in 5 minutes." are exactly the same?  . .Anonymous
BIG BIG BIG BIG AntiSec drop coming on New Year's Eve. Are you ready? Stay tuned homies -- we're ending the year with a BANG.
Are you ready!
But all of you are still young. As am I. If you can't be yourself & except others for who they are, then you're not ready for a relationship
It's the last day of the year!! Are you ready for 2012?!? Where will you be spending your New Year's Eve?:)
Yho FINALLY this day arrived, Are you resolutions ready for 2012 I mean starting for 2moro.
Are you ready for 2012 ?
Are you ready?
Are you ready for new years? My guess is no.
He ask me "do you think you ready to be in a serious realitionship?" ?.. Kelly are you? ?.not at the moment..... .
Ok, 2012, I am ready. Are You?
This hotel room is nice , DC are you ready ?
not yet belum ngangkat “@fandyDFMC: Are you ready for tonite?”
I cant believe its the Last Day of 2011... Are YOU going to be a difference maker  in 2012? RT this is you are ready to be a new YOU!
ARE YOU READY FOR CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS?
Now are you ready to be happy
the last day of 2011 and tomorrow will officially be the year of the 12s! S/O to all 12s! Are you REaDy?
are you ready...??
Are you ready for holiday trip!!! Yeahhh
Seems like you ready...girl are you ready?
Are YOU ready ?
Dont fucking put me on the spot like that are you kidding me  ready to punch a baby in the face rn
Seems like ready , boy are you ready to go all the way ?!
Are you ready
hellooo last day of 2011.. are you ready to be left behind? YEAHHH!!!
are you ready for the beatdown?
are you ready for tonight ??
Are you ready for tonight?
2012 Omg we are all goin to die lol j/k I'm ready are you
I was sooo ready to catch at Case at work today... Bitch i make more than $9 an hr.. Who the FUCK are you...
Are you ready to rumble?!!
she said "Kary, are you ready for me? Ill do anything to fullfill ur needs..."
Are you ready to say Goodbye 2011 and say hello 2012 :D
10 hour 45 minute to go next year . Are you ready ?
“@louisvuitton714: Trying to get ready for tomorrow!!!!” wat are you doing tomorrow!??
You are ready??
what are you getting into? Rt “@_jackie04: Im so ready for tonight!”
Udah ah, mandi dulu habis itu nge PES... .Are you ready to rock!!!!
So exited about starting THE LOVE DARE January 1st...are you ready to take your marriage to the next level...join me!
Are you ready tho
Are you ready tonight ?
Boy are you ready are you ready for Love :-*
it's time for the big fight, are you ready?!?!!!!?!!!!!!
..2012 is around the corner.......are you ready?
Are you ready to Brock?
A night you won’t forget .Are you ready for?
Are you ready to a leaner, tighter, healthier you?
ARE YOU (cough) READY (cough cough) FOR SOME FOOT (cough) BALL? .Stupid cold!! :-(
Are you ready for tonite?
before you ask for a new bf/gf make sure you're past is behind you and you are emotionally ready for whats to ome ahead .
2012 is approaching are you ready? Change is good.
Are you ready?
Ahoy, all pirates crew, are you ready for the party tonight? See you at The Vijitt Resort and happy new year to you all.
Death is lurkng around the corner, are you ready to see what lies ahead?
Are you ready for a crazy night?
In case any of you guys are looking for me... I'm catching the Spongebob Marathon. <3  IIIIII'M READY! (also cooking stuff)
ARE YOU READY !!!!
Are you ready ?, hahahaaaa
The ?? Is ARE YOU READY YO GET FUCKED UPPPED !!!!
Maybe you are not ready for it yet. Sharpen your communication skills and you will find somebody who will appreciate you more.
My tummy is flat, im ready for SB 2012, are you??
@ haha  are you ready for English this semester?!
Are you Ready to 2012???
Are you ready ???
We ought to be living as if Jesus died yesterday, rose this morning, and is coming back this afternoon Pray that you are ready for his Love
In less than 24 hrs 2012 will be here..... I'm ready are you?
HELL YEAHH BROTHA <3 RT"@elgoldo95: 31 DE DICIEMBRE!! ARE YOU READY FOR 2012 PEOPLE!?"
Are you ready for the main event ?
When the days are cold & the nights are long, please remember I've been here all along & I'm not ready to let go, Ill always have love 4 you
Are you ready for 2012? What is your New Year's Resolution?
RT@HarryPotterINA: Are you ready for a brand new year?? Aren't you excited??? *fireworks: ready*
31 DE DICIEMBRE!! ARE YOU READY FOR 2012 PEOPLE!?
cuddle weather c: ...blankets are you ready for me?!
Are you bitches ready ?
Im Only Ready When You Are BITCH!!!!
Great day to be a RED RAIDER! RT if you are ready to return to LUBBOCK!?
The important thing is this: to be ready at any moment to sacrifice what you are for what you could become.
Are you ready for retirement?
are you ready for the jugament dayw
let's not be hasty! let's think about this, are you really ready?
enjoy the last few hours of 2011. Are you ready for 2012?
Are you READY guys?????  ;D
2011 is almost over, bring on 2012! Are you ready for new beginnings?
words are strong, specially their meanings, everything comes with time, no need to hurry.. When truth comes its when you feel ready♥
Best friend time! I am back Waxahachie, are you ready.
Are you getin ready for the NY CITY Ball drop.....
So here I am, I'm trying  .So here I am, are you ready?
Its funny how you can tell people are ready to move on .. Wish them luck !
Hey pussy are you ready to party???!!??????
The Mayan calendar ends in 2012 how many of you are getting ready for the end! Hmmm, three times in two years? Get a life folks and move on!
You ready for me?  I don't think you are
Junglers, are you ready for 2012!?? ;)
Baby , Im ready when you are..
Are you ready for a brand new year?? Aren't you excited??? *fireworks: ready*
Dont give up on love for it will find you someday when you are truly ready for it (:
The important thing is this: to be ready at any moment to sacrifice what you are for what you could become. .- Charles Dicken
ARE YOU READY FOR TOMORROW (?) ASDFGHJKL :'3 ☺
Tomorrow is New Years Eve...are you ready to sparkle? Nails and all!
Less than 12 hours to 2012! Are you ready?
Three months from today is the NCT! Are you ready to do what it takes to win it?!?!
I have duet-ready stuff prepared for next year are you ready gaiz.
Hey guys, are you ready for New Year’s Eve? :)
Are you Ready
I Am Ready For Lovee Why Are You Hidin From Me ..
2012 are you ready for me.?? ;) \O/
Last day of 2011 are you ready ?
Nicole: Erin Are You Ready ? Me: HELL YEAH ! Deon: Wait I Gotta Shit. LMFAOoo
Are you ready for New Year's 2012 ?
RT“@hopie_xoxo: My hands are lifted up, my heart is ready to receive ❤ a blessing from you! ”
Tonight,are you ready for party until morning guys? Yeahhh ><
My hands are lifted up, my heart is ready to receive ❤ a blessing from you!
2012 IS A HIGHER PLATEAU .WE CONTROL OUR OWN DESTINY  .ARE YOU READY FOR A LONG JOURNEY????
hope you guys are ready to shake it! We leaving for rock the river in an hour!
Zombie Apocalypse. Ready? "@rizkyts: New World Order 2012 !!! are you ready ?"
Promiscuous boy, Let's get to the point, Cause we're on a roll, Are you ready?
Last daY @ the gYm!! Let's pump it Up. Hope all of you Out there are Ready for this coming Year!! 2012 IT's ON
Are you ready to say goodbye to 2011
Welp im Ready , Are you ?
Twelve hours from now is an unforgettable moment. New year eve is coming. Are you ready for this ?
Hello everyone ..!! This year had lot to teach oh hell yeah it did! Well you guys have a fantastic year head! We are all ready for 2012 :
Are you ready to celebrate the new year?  Come ring in the new year at Dos Juevos!!!
Big thank you and kisses to ALL the artist who are debuting on my 2011 end of year reel! get ready :-)
are you ready
Are You Ready For This!
Are you ready to celebrate he new year?  Come ring in the new year at Dos Juevos!!!
Feeling good, world are you ready for me?? Sorry no choice ;)
So my fellow Americans are you ready to go war again, this time with Iran? That's what we'll Bo doing under another GOP Adminstration!
If you are a basketball player the worst role model,  shot wise,  is Joakim Noah this guy look like he ready to play volleyball
Things are about to pop off! You ready?
Good morning tweeties!Are you ready for NYE?!?! :-)
are you ready?..
You're not ready please stop acting like you are
My dad is mad amped like "Katherine are you ready to play beer pong and flip the cup tomorrow?" like Adios father!
Are you ready to go? I know the city getting ready for me.
Did you realise that a womans"I'll be ready in 5 mins' and a mans"I'll be home in 5 mins' are exactly the same?(ill claim both,LOL):)xx
God is in the business of making dreams come true. Are you ready for your fulfilled dreams in 2012? Enter into it with expectancy!
Are you ready to get your ass beat, Lesnar?
Good morning Lappi, are you ready for today?!
You'll def be seeing a new Amy in 2012! Hope you guys are ready (;
Are you ready for celebrating our new year? \(^_^)/ me too.
just cop"d 14 Grams ... NEW YEARS ARE YOU READY?
this nigga said "are you ready to apologize" he said "WHAT?! FUCK YOU!" lol. after he spit on his dog.
so everbody are you ready for New Year ? bye 2011 ;)
Dear customers, we are closed at 9pm tonight and reopen at 7am tomorrow ready to serve you first brekkie in 2012. Hoorraayyy :-D
I just wanna take my tiiiiime. Stingy as you are think ya ready!
Are you readY!?. «@_theAmex_ : "If you ask me I'm ready!"»
ARE YOU READY FOR COCO BONGO FRIDAYS?!!! $2 CORONAS/ XX's FROM 9-11PM. LADIES GET NO COVER TILL 10P $3 SEX ON THE BEACH ALL NIGHT FOR...
After your Username, Password, and Domain are inside of Linphone you are ready to make a call
Cleaning the house all by myself for tonight  :) GET READY 2012, 20 people are gonna say hello to you from my house :D  .PEACE <3 :D
New Tidewater Challenges of the Week are coming soon! They're new! They're hot! They will challenge you! Get ready and stay tuned!
that moment when you are ready to say something then...#getscared
ARE YOU READY TO THE RUMBLE??
Are you ready???
I am totally ready for Shang. Are you Shang?
Seems like you're ready! Girl are you ready?
Gila ya?RT@divaradhinka:tonight.. dear fireworks, are you ready to rock the sky? *salto
12 Hours to 2012. Are you ready?
are you ready for the ijdvbsdcjsandcskdnv
Are you ready to rock? Are you ready to singing? yeahhhhhhh
Don't just pray for a relationship. Pray that you are ready for one!;)
Are you ready for me?
I wanna take you there but girl are u ready?
Although "Are You Ready, Eddy?" is so damned silly and cute. A song to the recording engineer. LOL. XD
Are you ready for 2012???? I know we are, Urban Tymes!!!!!
ok lake victoria are you ready for some tiddays!!!!!
are you ready for the 'boooooooooms' tonight!! it' gonna be one crazy new year countdown!!!!!
2012 is Coming. .ARE YOU READY ?
Tired off these fuckin games. Fwm when you are ready to take shit seriously.
2012, are you ready for some Drama?
2012 (are you ready?)
What are you like 14/15 and done ready got wrinkles!? LMFAO!! But ima see you! And when I see you! Bitch ima SEE YOU! So watch yo pg4
hamilton money in the bank you couldnt be more right bulls are making moves im ready to skip to the PLAYOFFS
Are you ready for 2012 !!! .Happy almost New years !!!!
Are you ready, well let's go
on a scale of 1 to spongebob.... how ready are you???
Are you ready with your new year resolutions?
If you are thinking about calling your kid Abel, have a backup name ready just in case he's a cripple.
Are you guys ready for greatness? Like really ready . It's coming .
1 Dia BlackJacks! 1Dia! Are You Ready? .2ne1 Fine Ladies! Comeback 01/01/2012!♥
That moment when you're super tired then get ready for bed and are wide awake
Are you guys ready for the new year ???
The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become.
"are you ready for your ball dropping party tomorrow?" my mum talking about new years...
one more day and then on to a new chapter of everybodys life. im ready for the journey of 2012 if you are. im ready for the trials Lord!!
boy are ready for love , boy are you ready for us , boy are you ready to glow in the dark
Kiamat sudah tiba. Are you ready?
"@JBlazemusic: I WILL BE AT W-O-R-K!>What's good family? Are you all ready for NYE?"
I understand that you are ready for 2012 but don't go wishing your life away
Are you ready for NYE DBar Style? Open Bar * Complimentary Champagne Toast * Cash Money Balloon Drop * Breakfast Buffet * NYE Party Favors
I am ready to love why are you hiding from me
Medallo are you ready ? Por q yo si ☺♬☑
Are you gonna be ready soon? Yeah. Are you gonna hurt yourself? Probably. Just don't get blood on any of the equipment. Too late!
Both my iPhone and iPad on 100% battery. Temple Run are you ready for this 30 hour journey home??
Hello, are you ready for today's lesson?
are you ready kid ?
Are you ready ??
I wonder if my jello shots are ready. I'm gonna try one when I get home...you know..for quality purposes
Are you ready for it
Are you ready for preferred tactics regarding free credit report ...
Are you motherfucking ready?!
are you ready?
You all are watch MMA, while I'm getting ready for racing season here in Ohio. Another early morning working at a friends garage.
Are you ready to rock tonight xD
So... this is it... this is your big day... are you ready for it? Are WE ready for it...?
are you ready to play? Oh yeah.
Are you ready to party :::
Matthew 7:11 As bad as you are, you still know how to give good gifts to your children. But your heavenly Father is even more ready to give
Why waste your time with assholes? There are clearly plenty of people ready to treat you right.
Flight 1234, are you ready to copy holding instructions? Center, make that request on the next frequency. . . .
Ladies In Da house, tonight are you ready!
Retailers are already putting out swimsuits!! ARE YOU READY??? Use a step to get deeper range of motion when you do your lunges!!
I just wanna take my time, as stingy as you are I think you're ready, girl I wanna do you right, I just wanna give you what you need!
Are you ready for tonight?! \☺/\☺/
"Are you ready to give up what you love for who you love? Or give up your girl for groupie love?"
Are You Ready? I'm Ready!
I hope you ready, great time are coming. Celebrate the good time good time good time (8)
I hope you're ready, great times are comming
Woehoe! Almost 2012! Are you ready to party! ;)
HELLO HELLO.....HOLA! Are you ready for the new year?
Im ready to stop when you are . . .
You just are not ready.
ARE YOU READY READY??!!
Madison are you ready!?
I found out that if you are going to win games, you had better be ready to adapt. - Scotty Bowman
Good morning everybody, are you ready for 2012?
12 O'clock where are you?!?!?! Ready to get off!
Girl Are You Ready ?
Are you ready to say goodbye to 2011? I AM! :D
Are you ready to go?
Are you ready for this?...sure?
RT“@TrueBeauty870 If u are single its b/c god is not ready to share you yet”
Happy Friday! What are you doing to get ready for NYE?
LORD WE ARE SO READY FOR 2012 AMEN YOU HAVE BEEN SO SO GOOD TO US ALL IN 2011 AND LORD GOD LORD JESUS AND HOLY SPIRIT WE THANK YOU AMEN
Are you motherfuckers ready for the new shit? .Stand up and admit it, tomorrow's never coming .This is the new shit .Stand up and admit it.
“@BigLNasty: Hello Regan where are you hello” I got ready and here I sit yoohoooo
are you ready for 2012
New year will be come :) are you ready to face it? Haha
are you ready for spamming???!!!!
(( Taito would be like " MY BODY IS NOT READY D'x !! " And Luka is like " YOU ARE MY SEX SLAVEE NYAHAHAHAHA! " ))
somebody just text me & said are you ready to die in 2012 ? like bitch how tf you sound ?!
Have you ever noticed that a woman's "I'll be ready in five minutes" and a man's "I'll be home in five minutes" are exactly the same?
are you ready for the rock show tonight? yes, sure. :)
Ladies & Gentelman who among you are ready to welcome 2012? ;{) ♥
You fuckers are not ready
"@haileyfrances: getting ready for live shot. I think I just ate an entire bag of chili cheese fritos" - wait. Do you know those are my fave
Are you ready for 2012 challenge????
Best friends are hard to find cause the best ones are all ready mine I love you guys <3
Have you ever noticed that a woman's "I'll be ready in 5 minutes", and a man's "I'll be home in 5 minutes"....are exactly the same?
"are you ready to apologize?" "what?.. FUCK YOU!?"
Are you ready for some football!  Matadors are going to show you how we roll - practice start Jan 7!  Whooop!  Whooop!
...if someone shows you they are not ready to be committed, believe them.
«@SUGAWALLSENT everyone in NC knows how we shut CITIES down on FRIDAYS. CHARLOTTE. I hope you are ready. The weekends just got even better!»
are you ready to go?? absolutely !! ayeaay
Are you ready for B E S T ? 2NE1 jjang!
Last Day of 2011 :] Are you guys ready?
Are you motherfuckers ready for the new shit? Stand up and admit, tomorrow's never coming.
Are you ready for your blessing?
The New Year 2012 is coming.....Are you ready ?
