it's boring out here
I wanna go home :c my grandmas house is BORING XP .. And I miss my phone :c lol..
This weekend already looking boring :/
this place is fucking boring
Im such a boring person now a days!!! Give me back my party!
Work is boring and so is uni, would love a challenge .
this cough just made me throw up. & now my throat feels like its closing up. this being ill thing is getting boring now.
I realised MD is such a boring state
Best conversations are just smiles :) :) :) and then it gets boring and leave
It is so fucking boring!!!! Somebody mention me!!!
Twitter gets boring after 10pm....!
I can't believe it's this boring right now
OH YEAH! I'm boring xD
why da fuck is this place soo boring
Been chillin on this boring ass rainy day...
The friends that I do have boring
its so boring here
it`s BORING
hot boring people are still boring
staying in for new years. boring or whattt
Well looks like cod just got boring again
Tis true. But I've seen it all. It's getting boring. I'm considering reading a book xD
2011 was the most boring/worst year ever. Can't wait until it is over! Hope 2012 will be so much better.
i will do the same next unless nothing good happens and its boring or it goes wrong alot but we'll see for now i love life
Well today is going to be boring all the parents going to be ON and the teens are TD. -_-
Nas is a good rapper. I'd probably like him more if he wasn't so boring...same with J. Cole.
god.....today iam is so BORING!!!!
people are boring as hell whoo wanna kick it??
Bein home alone is so boring!!!
"@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter. Sorry Yall. LOL." I am to sis....don't worry...lol
Having brown hair is so boring! Want my hair lightened
i dont know what nigga wants a "regular" girl , that shit gets boring .
today if it's a boring day
Man damn Orlando magic and the Central Florida SunSports showing that boring ass game
Saw Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. If a movie could kidnap you and hold you hostage for 3 hrs, it'd be that one (I mean that in a boring way)
"@__xxBriannaaa: its so boring."
Man its to boring right now
Hell Yeah,  it is a boring ass Friday night tho. !
Shit. Tomorrows saturday. This break was boring.
yes i am a boring texter. get over it.
Such a boring friday :(
'Imperfection Is Beauty, Madness Is Genius, And Its Better To Be Absolutely Ridiculous Than Absolutely Boring' ♥
My day was boring hopefully tonight w/ be fun >
why are all jobs so fucking boring?
life has been so fucking boring lately! can't wait to start playing football again, cant be doing with sitting at home doing FA all day.
My hair is soo boring :(
bored 12:44am have nothing to do facebook boring as hell and no fricking body online on skype and why can u only type up to 140 screams dumb
Ok, that was boring.
I'm watching Lawrence of Arabia.  This is boring. Can't wait for British Beatlemania.
tonights boring
Charlie's S-swipe is a bit boring if I'm honest. Not up to its usual self
Imperfection is beauty. Madness is genius. & its better to be absolutely rediculous than absolutely boring. <3
Looks like its gonna b another boring weekend to the record books for me......=(
Aint shit in Ms but clubs.. Shit gets boring seeing the same ppl..
It's so fucking boring.
Boo! Work is so boring, nobody go in. I think I can knock off and sleep.
Some days I ponder what it would be like to be normal…Is it as boring as it looks?
“@Lou_BeChillin Ready to leave this mall . Shit boring !” You in wheels big cuzzo
that was a boring drive. i needa drink :)
Thank goodness it's the last day of 2011, what a crappy and boring year. Bring on 2012!
Paranormal Activity BORING!
Babysitting, look ať the time already and i still need to make my journey home BORING! Oh well 60£ will come in handy tomorrow night!
Watching My Lil Brotha Play Video Games Is The Most Boring Thing Ever.
Zatoichi is a great japanese movie! At the beginning it was boring but then it was entertaining. I love the man geisha<3
This a boring ass Birthday
Boring asf @ home doing nth
I know this party bet not be boring or ima shut it down !
Boring new years eve ahead!
It’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. Marilyn Monroe  ♥
: The hoes will get boring.. You'll wish you had that lady who's there for you emotionally, not just physically..”
My life is boring
RT if every time you finish watching the harry potter movies you realise your life is really boring
Its so boring && its still rainin :(
my dad rents the most boring movies
Taco bell is boring
If u are boring retweet this
Another boring weekend brought to you by ME!
Today was a boring day.
my life would actually be so boring with out my girls
Fuck another Boring day with the fam...someone hit me up cuz I dont have anyone's number!
Conversation got boring !
Single Got  ALil Boring To Mee
Haiz Sian so boring Got no games to play in my iPhone Finally going to jailbreak soon and will have more games to play again...
Laying down all day is boring =\
My Life Can yet sometimes be boring , but I wasn't NEVER reaally the club type !!!!
This season of the Game is gonna be boring without Kelly.
Being British is so fucking boring
Ari Said "Stuffs Getting Boring Cause We've Done Everything"
I've been on my phone all day. It went from 100% battery to 17% in 5 hours. Boring ass day
Normal is boring !! ;) so dont be it
Omg such a boring night....need excitement....something to do
Your boring af
how boring is lifee...
Lol that's my thing, and when everybody is too chill it makes shit boring
Just got wrestled by my drunken sibling at nearly 1am and got told I was 'boring' for not really participating. Soz I'm tired xoxox
Twitter n FB both boring these dayz....signin out....guess I'm over both/growin up....happy new years 2 all n deuces ;)
That last tweet was spam, NOT me.....sooooooooo boring!!
It's five o'clock in the morning, conversation got boring! (8)
Trolling isn't even fun. It got boring fast. lol.
RT“@MrGonein20secs: Christmas was so boring without snow.”
I forget how boring my town is sometimes
Football & basketball games are pretty boring in person, compared to watching on TV. Seems like WWE, baseball, & possibly hockey aren't.
they boring ass a bitch .
I think ima go shower.. Since everything is boring right now.. Who wants to come thru and chill tho? C:
Today has been boring af....
Was watching the old True Grit and mom goes "this is boring, let's watch The Breakfast Club". I go "I'm in!"
incase you didnt notice , i couldnt care less. your bull is boring.
I'm so glad i'm a girl, men's clothes are so boring
Work: is FB that important Me: No work is that boring
“@_DestinyNicolee: I really do not wanna go to this Biology trip , gonna be in some boring ass museum .. killmenow”
When im not on my sneaker shit on fb its mad boring
i dont like feeling like i got some1 in the palm of my hand.... thats boring
Work is so boring. Like really.
Whoever said "don't mix your drinks" was a boring old sod.
Today was a real boring day wish I could of been around some fam..
I love Christmas break, but its real boring.
Its boring getting drunk with black people. Lol white people be going al the fuck out! !!! Lmao
What a boring Friday night :\
well this is fuckin boring
Watchin  tv this friday night is boring for me
After awhile waiting gets boring . Your crush doesn't seem so attractive anymore & you realize your wasting your time.
Paulsboro is so boring sometimes.
I Hate Living In Miramar , It's Sooo Boring ! Dumb Ass Fairway !
Last Friday of 2011 was boring,
It's boring as fuck right now
Where's the drama on here?! Bitches are boring
.Still at workk......ugh.....it's so boring.!?:
“@ii_L0Ve_Pink Once i get my ass out of mobile, Ima probably come visit once every 3 months. Boring as shit down here!!!”you better visit me
It gets boring after a while
“@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter.  Sorry Yall.  LOL.”~me 2 at times
Rain all day long... It's 1:40a and it's raining since yesterday morning... Rain non stop. So boring !
The rest of my day is going to be boring forsuree D:
Selma is so boring rite now..I wanna go back to mobile
It's so boring I swear -______-
its so boring.
This day is boring.... D;
It's sad if you think you can't have fun without alcohol! Your just a boring person!
Omg my life is too boring.
Its so boring in germantown
What a boring Friday!
all my friends are in columbia and i'm stuck in boring ass greenville OMG SAVE ME
sane friends? wht are those? those are for boring ppl i think
I'm sorry but people with like 8,000 followers that follow 100 people, your timelines must be incredibly boring.
if your boring... we cant be friends
Twitter starting to get boring
The most boring day in 2011
The only reason i wouldn't wanna do something would be because I do it to much & after it get boring & to repetitive
Itss so boring Inna VineYardzz.! UGH.!
probs been the most boring christmas break ever...
I'm such a boring person, I really could care less though.
work is entirely too boring today
Hi= why did you text me? Hey= im bored so I'll text you. Hhheeeyy= I'll text you any time bc your not boring.
"@Chan_tha_Mann: Today is just boring… aint no way around it *future voice*"
In all honesty, working at Hollister is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring -_______-
You are RT“@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter.  Sorry Yall.  LOL.”
S\O to everybody that had a boring winter break, don't worry you ain't the only one.
As gay as it might sound I'm considering spending tomorrow nite at my aunties with my family n nick I'm not being boring just there my world
Watching the stories, ,,, smh they boring
I do not want to be stuck in the house tonight watching boring ass movies -__-
I think it's boring when youre in a relationship but you guys are just lovers. It's better to be like bestfriends, who are in love.
Nothing to do tonight! When did Fridays become so boring?!
RT if this break has been boring af to you !
.* ii swear this game boring AF.!!!
i fucking hate football. i hate watching it. it's so fucking boring. like omg. my dad watches football every fucking day
No plans for New Years Eve?... Welcome to my boring, friendless, dog sitting life. :(
RT “@theePROTOTYPE_: Yall dont get bored of beer pong ?” fuck yeah, it's boring AF playing now.
Man. I wish I was in phoenix! Even if it was boring I would be around good people and places to go.
Ralph lauren was boring until I wore'em
twitter is boring tonight
im seriously not trying to stay home tomorrow & have another boring new years eve night
Totally disagree that twitter is boring its who you follow/stalk is boring
I have a hand full of followers I would hangout with, If U can't be interesting on tweeter chances R you are as boring as a boil egg
I hate being the richest person that ever existed.  Idk what to buy anymore and laughing at bums is getting boring.
Immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
There is nothing to do in this boring city of Greenville
Its so boring over here other than the game
This is hands down the most boring date I have ever been on.
Its so boring !!! :)
Work is super boring
People in SC do the same fucking shit every fucking weekend. Fucking lames. Shit is boring.
The Wikipedia page on UFOs is boring. Too much writing.
I'm tired of watching these boring as video games...
Ready to leave this mall . Shit boring !
somebody need ta have somethin' tonight . . it's boring . . orrrrr . . ma people can go to the "spot " & do what we do .
!!!!!"@_AdoreeMeeBitch: - Omg Why The Last Friday In 2011 Gotta Be So Damn Boring >.<"
Life is too boring without desire - drakkenz
This was a boring vacation.... Done
i swear i'm the most boring person to talk to.
"@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter. Sorry Yall. LOL."««Yeahh you are but it's iyt. We still love you and think your HOTT!
Boring Phone Conversations <<<<<<<. I'm Soo Hanging Up.
& I'm not boring! Boring ppl blow me,.. never wanna do anything or go nowhere. Or try new things.. that kills me
It is so boring driving by myself smh
Football commentators are soo boring, why dont they hire jeremy clarkson or rowan antkinson to do it!
so boring want go out and do something but out of energy:(
Huuuuuuuuuu -_____- its Sooooo damn boring
good morning friends! the party last night was kinda boring but i had fun.. ☺
its boring as shit ,
At boring reasietal for wedding
Texting the ssame people gets super boring.
Bleh... another boring three day weekend. Screw it... I'm drinking. I know I shouldn't but F it. So bored. Promise no drunken tweets.
Tomorrow is bout to be boring
I don't like my followers who don't talk to me... Making my TL boring.
I have a really boring face.
Ug my family is boring. Almost wish there was a little drama... almost, but not quite.
This game is boring!
How can u say natural hair is boring when weave is sewed onto your hair in one style???!?! Kmt loool
facebook is so boring these days.
Why do I reply to these boring ass texts ppl send me. One reason why I will be changing my number
I need something to do! My life is so FUCKING Boring!
Why is it soooo.... boring
3 reasons that a girl stops texting back: 1. You said something that pissed her off. 2. You started to get boring. 3. She fell asleep
Its Boring To Be Completely Figured Out! -Yelawolf
I just love picnik..It saves my photos from being extremely dull..and boring, (:
Boring friday night? Hope not!
RT“@iSay_Uhh: I guess i'm a boring texter since everyone stops texting me -__-”
My tumblr play list boring
Twitter is so boring at this time. thinking of going on the wii. canany celeb like follow me plz x
OMG Compton is soo boring maybe because I don't know anyone that lives over here smh ah !
A boring people is a normal people. Abnormal people is fantastic and amazing! Lol
people on my TL stills watches 106&Park are fucking idiots that show is fucking boring and lame af... with lame ass hosts
everyones boring tonightttt, night:-)
Today was fast and boring
Lol. Im boring. And I need followers :]
Boring texters should just cut off their hands
Yes its been a boring vacation but I think I needed the relaxation.
This the first boring friday i've had in a long time
Such a boring day! accomplished nothing!
I found the user interface to be a little plain and boring, but it’s straightforward and gets the job done
Not shit to do in this boring ass town.
This has been the most boring Christmas Break ever ! :(
It amazes me how busy I can be one day and then the next I'm the most boring person known to man....
Its a boring Friday night.
Your tweets are so boring! Unfollow. Click.
well i have2 go now, hope i can come on New Years Eve. im gonna miss talking2 U all. its so boring without talking2 you guys. iloveU all <33
Everyone is boring -____-
Being single is boring.
I Hate Texting Boring People
I guess i'm a boring texter since everyone stops texting me -__-
Today is just boring… aint no way around it *future voice*
ugh.. boring day.. .
Today was a boring ass day.
Why is it soo boring '
There needs to be more shit to do cause mf's getting boring...
went shopping. Cleaned my clothes closet. Organized my heels closet by color. I have ran out of things to do on my boring day off lol
Its going to be a boring night.
HATE the sun because my whole life i've always lived in sunny places, no rain, no snow, no clouds, just the boring sun -_- dont need it ffs
Tomorrow is going to be boring! Hopefully tomorrow night is going to better!!
Sex without head is boring
ALL OF YOU ARE FUCKING BORING AT NIGHT! LIVEN UP LADS!
i wanna skype with someone fun :( not boring ass hell!
2012 I plan on sleeping a lot more, I feel knackered all the time. Starting with 2morrow im going 2bed at 11pm yep im boring but still!
Orlando vs Bobcats game is well boring
Today was so boring. -__-
i dunno wether to drink tomorrow because if i do ill probably feel like crap but if i dont ill be boring..hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I'm the most boring 18 year old.....
There is actually shit all to do in January,February and March. It's as cold and boring as winter with no bonfire night, Xmas or NYE.
Looks dont me anything when youre boring as fuck.. :>
This is the most boring day of my life, off top.
It is so boring right now.....
It's so boring... Wat can I do tonight
wheel of fortune is THE most boring show ever..
Why is it so boring.
Kayla is argueing with me over my 2nd favorite song (( Brick By Boring Brick ))
My family is really boring.
I think the reason I don't attend a church is because when I was young I went to a white church every sunday...most boring experience oh my
god it seems sooo late . its soo fuckin boring
boring ass texters & slow ass texters <<<<
Seriously this movie is boring! Prayers for bobby was way more interesting! I wanna see Shelter still
I pay a car note just to have it parked outside. I swear im boring
This drive is going to be long and boring, tons of traffic
"@proudlygleeks: do you think I'm boring?" I don't know you haven't been flirting with me lately
another boring night in...someone come watch movies with me (:
Boring lies
Just got a Pottery Barn catalog in the mail. Who put me on the "Generic, Boring, White Chick" mailing list?
Today is boring..
why is it so boring
today was boring , hopefully tomorrow's better.
I hate boring conversations...
Some people are just really boring to talk to.
welp leaving danville boring ass otw to gboro....a few more things iwanna get
Most boring way to spend my Friday -_-
Its Really Boring As Fuuuccckkk
Twitters starting tpo get boring
Now debating if there's a difference between not interesting and boring.
Euch I need some new face in my life. Just getting tired of the boring nd the old nd the repeatable. I hate my life being stuck to a routine
I SWEAR THIS BREAK SO BORING
Louisiana is so BORING!
It's really boring in this backseat...
“@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter.  Sorry Yall.  LOL.”<-- All you need to do is say something provocative every blue moon.
Drinking with my wife's friends yahhhhhh *boring*
Nicki minaj being in everything makes my drives to school absolutely boring.
“@GoonSoGroomed “@KatWilIiams If u got over 60,000 Tweets ... u need to invest some SEX because yo life is all the way BORING!””
It has been a boring Friday -____-
do you think I'm boring?
This is the most boring game I've ever been to.
Idc about Charlie though, met him a few years ago and he was so moody and boring. I was so excited seeing him and he was like ... -_-
Wanna do something tonight but everyone is being boring
Watching a movie . Its too boring . I wanna go somewere .
My TL is starting to become boring
“@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter.  Sorry Yall.  LOL.” >>> still sexy though, and purdyyy <<<
There need to be better things trending. This is boring.
I dont feel good at alll and its so boring
What a boring county
what a boring day :(
ITS BORING THAN A BITCH !
People that txt boring af <<<<
Sorry, your tweets were boring so I unfollowed youu!fjS
i need to make my next trip becuz florida is so boring...hmm possibly soewhere far away and alone;)...sounds good to me!!
I swear family parties are boring if its not at your house haha
2011 wasn't a bad year for me... It was just really boring.
Boring friday night D;
My day has been so boring I haven't done shit all day.
I Hope today not a boring Friday^_^
Have a feeling today is going to be superr boring! :(
- Omg Why The Last Friday In 2011 Gotta Be So Damn Boring >.<
A stair not worn hollow by footsteps is, regarded from its own point of view, only a boring something made of wood - Kafka
Its boring to be predictable .
I can't get the car!!!! And I'm mad because nobody wants to sit in this hot boring ass house!!!!
fml fml fml shits boring
My house is literally the most boring place on earth. I would advise no one to ever come over.
I hate when I start reading an article thinking its interesting and it turns out to be long, dull and boring...
i am so excited after tomorrow is 2012. 2012 better be than this year. 2011 was fun and boring.:)
Not going out on NYE so I can not be hungover on new years day allowing me to do uni work. Be honest, who thought I could get more boring?
Holy hell I just took the most boring break of all time
TL is so boring .. Either useless chats, wishes for the new year or me talking abt my TL -_-
today has to be the most boring day of the year....
A boring Friday night.
can someone who's fairly hot, interesting and fun to be with please come into my life next year? life's too boring
The miss st & wake forest game is kinda boring smfh hell the the washington and baylor game was hella better then this game
Bout to be a boring ass night
106 & Park Is Boring !
That game was soo boring like damn!
I'm probably the most boring person ever. I'm 21 sitting at home on a friday night...#ineedfriends
Once i get my ass out of mobile, Ima probably come visit once every 3 months. Boring as shit down here!!!
Don't think I could be having a more boring friday night.. cool.
My new years eve & new years day will NOT be boring. I refuse !!
Goin To Work With My Stepmama Hope It Ain't Boring.
I am so not reading infertility... Too boring!!
Watchin my baby and all his nephews play game cube lol so boring ughh
It's boring tonight \:
One of those boring days.
.This Game Boring AF!.
Jehan wonder why nobody ever text her...she's the most boring person in america lol
February - Dreams crushed. Went on holiday. Did a lot of revision. (In hindsight begins to realise how boring own life is)
Everyday its soooo fvcking boring!
RT"@JusLexiBaaby: I do dumb shit . I say dumb shit . Idgaf lol . Life would be so boring if you didn't do the shit ."
coldplay are a chav band are they not? Boring melodys and catchy chorus' yawn.
Finally bout to get out the house for a lil bit.. sheesh its been a boring day..
i love Justins weirdness, i mean, how boring would it be if he didnt act like that? lol <3
"I love you cause I'm boring too"..Paid in full ..females like that are rare
And before you say it I'll add 'don't tweet such boring things' to the list ;)
most boring thing I've had to do (except for tests) watch out for me mum+dad so ma sis don't get caught
This game boring af
Yall boring! Say something funny!
When people tex boring and w/o emotion <
me tl is boring tho.. ik ga zo slapen. i think.
Soo this kid told me that I got boring tweets but I don't care cuz I ain't a midget...bet it ain't boring now
Trying to pass the time by thinking up things to tweet that aren't mind numbingly boring.... So far it's not working
Yall im bored AF at work...and my TL boring....guess ill go klean somethin....*Thinks about it* NVM lol ill jus sit here den -___-
well thats boring af..
Boring texters suck. Don't bother texting me if youre gonna be on that one word shit.
Im so not interested in twitter anymore I hardly tweet anything if I do it's to other people. Its getting very boring for me
It looks like its boring af to be married
this break has been extremely boring and unsuccessful.
What a boring day
I really really want to have a marathon of lord of the rings films, despite how boring that sounds!
Im such a boring person.. Im just gonna sleep now
tired of these boring texters, i need someone new and fun to text.
Tonight is looking extra boring my nig
Boring ass Friday-_-
Why is South Brunswick so boring?
When teachers turn off the lights in the classroom to watch a boring movie, it pretty much gives us permission to sleep.
Wiz.... oh i love his verse... its 5 o'clock in the morning....conversation got boring......
Watching that twitter program....aha how boring!
Facebook is as boring as foooooook.
Trying to find something to do, I'm so boring. lifeisboring
the great gatsby is soooooo boring, wow
Wtf lol RT larry_lj hi EREIrose. I'm a very boring guy. I desperately want to be interesting. Any ti0d0
Some ppl just have that boring voice...
damn, i hate boring, 1 word conversations. If you dont wanna talk, tell me!
Soooo boring, wat about u guys??
Ughh its soooo fuckin boring !!!!!!
this TL is lookin boring as hell haha
Am I really that boring?
Boring , iaint do nthn at all, btt get my tattoo
Work is so boring right now
-- today is so fucking boring ;
i hate boring tweets
This duke game is boring
bored. watching the boys practice. fb is boring. gonna go on tumblr xD its been a while
Leicester is so boring
my cousin tells me im boring ion like to do nothing !
Rap would be boring without Kanye
work was long and boring .  . .-_-
Mannnn its boring af in Ohio
I rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell.
OMG LOOKING FOR ALASKA RT@doniijaylego: "I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating "
Not desperate at all, jus boring being single
Why do girls like cats? they are so boring and stupid. all they do is sit there with the same stupid look on their face 24/7. RANTOVER.
People have boring NYR's, like 'gonna stop eating chocolate lol' wankers
Today is a very boring day
Tomorrow night better not be boring
Such a boring ass friday
S/O to twitter for comin through n 2011 on them boring nights I aint have shit else goin..lol
i wish people my age still went to public skate-__- so boring there
Four main reasons why a girl stops texting a guy. 1. You got her mad 2. You got boring 3. She fell asleep 4. You said the letter “K."
If you're bored then you're boring
No matter how many times I watch friday after next it never get boring to me!
another boring friday..
boring! bua still do not understand how is all this! : Confucianism is total! grrr ¬¬!!!
Four main reasons why a girl stops texting a guy. 1. You got her mad 2. You got boring 3. She fell asleep 4. You said the letter “K.
I need to break the monotony of my boring ass life!
Yay! My mommy bought me seasons 1 and 2 of Criminal Minds.....suddenly being sick in bed for lots of days isn't so boring :D <3
106 So damn boring now
«ArielJanay_ Being single boring.»
Ughhhh it is boring as fuuucccckkk
Home from work,done my shop at Asda. 12-8 tomorrow. If its as boring as today was I may fall asleep at work!
It's been 2 whole boring ass weeks
I have the most boring, most miserable life any fucking teenager could have. Fuck my fucking life.
Bedford County is so boring
I dont have a boyfriend nor a boo .. shit gets fucking boring
What a boring day it's been
Another boring day ahead...
today was so boring i slept most of the day away
I can no longer befriend or a girlfriend to someone who doesn't drink!! I don't trust you & your boring!! if we r already friends ur safe!!
Pretty boring. Prolly bout to go to bed here in a few!
Boring day.
I'm bored twitter is boring tonight!
I should be outsidee thughh withh themm , insteadd i wanna be in this hot boring ass housee !
I'm sorry that i'm being a boring fuck.
It's hella BORING too
"@aPopularNobody: This twitter shit is boring. Or maybe it's just my followers."<<that's how I be feelin too
T-ara are such boring stage performers dear god. Worst stage presence ever.
Hy guyz i was speding a dae with a boring perp
"@EShimmyCombs07: How cam you hate all day and all night? Doesn't it get boring?" Hating be niggas jobs ! No Steve doh O_o! Lol
I never believe celebrities when they say "I have something special planned for my performance." Their performance is usually boring.
INDIANA?! Please don't be boring tonight!
on fb & twitter the whole day. what a boring life  -___-
most boring winter break of life.. cant wait to go back to school
Living in the suburbs can get boring sometimes.
Diamond texting me but being a boring person
I feel extremely trapped in this boring county... i'm going to go insane.
Boring but this bed is so loving rite now
Key stones boring as fuck and it's blocking my creative juices haven't had a good tweet in a while & no ones retweeted me in like 2 days
cheers to another boring New Years
Watchin tv gets boring real fast
This gone be one boring night
simons house is boring all he fckin does is play skyrim
Ok its great they took place but my concern is that how come my name didn't appear even on the nominations 4 the boring twimbo??
I hope its not something boring like sitting on the toilet. Eating I wouldn't mind
Watching 106npark freestyle Friday quite boring
Cant wait to move. My neighborhood is so boring now
twitter is pretty boring :|
"I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating "
ME: Oh yeahhh let me read this! *boring* *bleh* *iugh*.... OKAY i'm gonna find something else to do...
What do you call a boring dog? A dull-mation!
Looks like one of those boring nights taking affect
Remember Charlie Simpson from Busted? I met him with his band Fightstar, he was so moody, boring and urgh I hate him now. :-|
Twitter gets so boring past like 11 I'm so unentertained
Its about that time I deep out this boring house
This is getting a bit boring now so i am off to bed.
"Last Day of 2011" dull, boring...no plans nothing. Zero, Zilch! So effen boring!
Dam its boring dab!!
not tryna have a boring night
SHYT BORING
she like taking away fun things people like to and her house is also boring damn i have never met anybody like this woman
fb is getting boring by the minute
i want someone to stream the Highlight Festival tonight :( my NYE is boring and im not going out. life sucks.
Half these people on oovoo boring
It Boring Here, But Ine Wan Go Out No More! :/
"@MsLaurenLondon: how come u act so brand new and never shout out ur fans . I'm boring boots on Twitter. Sorry Yall. LOL."
I don't want Twitter anymore, but my phone is sooooo boring without it. Hmph
most of this break has been boring .
Its boring tho .
Today was boring, yesterday was FUN!(:
How do you expect to keep a man when you're boring af.
tbh twitter is so boring
This is so boring
BB can not get any more boring :|
Twitter boring right now.
It's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
I hate texting someone that's boring.....#MoveOnWithYaLife thank you!
Madden 12 Is Officially Boring
Natural hair is boring
Work is so boring man
After a while, waiting gets boring. Your crush doesn't seem attractive anymore and you realize you need to stop wasting your time.
What a,boring ass day the alchol finna make it go away
I don't hang around with boring bitches . !
"@neekipie: watching people play video games is the most boring shit I can think of."
I hate shopping with boring people
I try to pay attention but ya boring
"@Hilary_Bankss: the judges faces on 106 > lmmfao these dudes suck." <--- lmao too boring!
I think there's no different between 2011 and 2012. I'm still single, live in this boring life, and walk away from my dream. 2012, xoxo
to be quite honest I would prefer it if people who intend on putting their boring life updates every second on Facebook to get twitter um
“@Ds_Nutzz “@IndianBarbee I rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell.””
Para mi nunca fue interesante ver Two and a half men...boring..
Today Was Boring , & I Have A Feeling Tonight Is Going To Be As Well .
"@MsLaurenLondon: I'm boring boots on Twitter. Sorry Yall. LOL." its okay ma, ill work wit cha
I'm literally the most boring person ever!
«@In_LALA_Land «@Mentality2Gone Richmond isn't boring it's the PEOPLE!!»»
I really do not wanna go to this Biology trip , gonna be in some boring ass museum .. killmenow
I b pressed having to b at the house it's like somebody killing me or something it's boring shit lol
This kinect boring , damn I wish they gtfo my game
I been neglecting my parents all week I only slept in this bed like twice lol oh well it's boring over here
Amen to that.....That's why I freakout. RT:"@IndianBarbee: I rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell."
Work get so boring but hmu doe its friday
its so boring tonight, there is nothing to do :/
This winter break is soo boring for me. Can't wait till summer, ugggh.
This day has been boring, I've been playing MW3 all day. Party later on though
Watching godfather part 3,1 of the most boring films ever
this woman one of the most boring and annoying person i have ever met in my life
British accent is so sexy, it's a shame they use it to say such boring words.
This time of night's boring but I'm not even tired. What do people do who stay up at these silly times?!
lawl such boring words :L
This have been the most boring week ever........I haven't did anything
What a boring day today
this job is cool but very boring
Good night world - to all my new follows im not they boring just got exams init
This party so boring, I just might make it to my 11,00th tweet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Smh,
I don't have a book to read,facebook is boring me(esp when there's this girl that copies everything I do & twittr is starting to bore me too
This Is The Most Boring Friday Of 2011 ! -_______-
watching people play video games is the most boring shit I can think of.
tweet. tweet. tweet. Mexico is boring, some beer it is : D
Fucking boring ass night
Twitter is boring me right now
I wish there was no such thing as a boring day
The thing that makes Skyrim boring: Unlimited playtime, limited stuff to do.
Work is so boring!
its 5 o'clock in the morning the conversation got boring... you said you'd going to bed soon
When people message me i'll usually respond .. but if they step outta line or keep holding a boring conversation , it ends instantly .
This ain't even me. This break boring af.
RT"@gimmiebigfaces: Fuk it I'm tagging along w who ever for new years man I'm not staying home for NYE I hate all my friends boring ass'z"
If a beautiful sunset appears when you are on your way to your boring job and it gives you a good feeling, than you are a rich man
nunn to so on this boring saturday!
I like Gary Barlow but even his tweets come across in that boring voice! Speak faster!!!!!
Fuck that was a boring conversation
Smfh just sad anyways girls the same way if a nigga boring can't make me laugh or smile im gone do Da same shit
dang it get boring af being single. specially around holidays, fair time, or times you just feel lik9yXT
Im so boring now a days , ugh .. No energy to do anything but eat !
Me Nuh Waah Nuh Boring Fck !!! Baby U haffi physically fit !!!!
Tonight boring...
Shits boring.
Wat a BORING ass Friday . I think ima get dressed && step out .
If i was perfect, life would be boring.
I do dumb shit . I say dumb shit . Idgaf lol . Life would be so boring if you didn't do the shit .
A boring night coming
being a bus driver must be really boring!
The same constant story is getting boring now
This Music City bowl boring AF
Can't wait till school begins! It seems so boring without school! >:(
my life would be so boring if i had an attractive face
Why is Cedar Rapids so fucking boring?!
I hate boring girls.. Love girls that go along with my stories:$
Richmond isn't boring it's the PEOPLE!!
Making epic nachos for the fight... as is tradition.  Wins for Matyushenko, Fitch [boring], Cerrone by awesomeness, and Lesnar [upset].
southampton/portsmouth are like the most boring places theres nothing to do
Ur disgusting & boring as hell.
None of that "new year new me" crap , I've heard it all before & tbfh its boring.
- my day was BORING ' but tomarrow will be BETTER :)
Mocking the way I speak is the most tiresome way to try break someone down. It's just plain boring...
“@IndianBarbee I rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell.” hell yea!
Almost fell asleep on the register at work earlier ...shit so boring lol
Facebook been boring
ugly boring weird less-important
my babyshower might def be boring cause i dnt have a whole bunch a friends lol *shrugs*
overall 2011 has been a very boring year, i achieved nothing i said i would at the end of 2010 therefore i do not have high hopes for 2012
youtube is so boring these days
Ugh... My TL is boring
Family parties are sooooo boring ugh
It's a boring night
Ai ai esses e-mais com vírus: "NEW VIDEOS with Kathy Chambers wouldn't stay you calm!", "CHANGE your boring NIGHTS with Kathy Chambers!".
This class is soooooo boring
Why is today so boring..
Since twitters mad boring right now ill try an tweet some more!
That's really boring; don't think I can keep that Up
Boring people online, in game... Bah...
Work is too BORING rite now...sum one save me! :(
When people say oh twitter on the computer is boring.. Niggga STFU & tweet your life away! -_-
my life is so boring.
We gone still be chillin but it be boring
So boring being at sundown alone
TODAY HAS BEEN A BORING DAY ! O:<
Not joking, I can't remember anything that happened in 2011, must of been that shitty and boring. Apart from the Barça related things.
IT'S BORING HERE
theses last few days have been boring, not feeling well is so shit:(
Somebody come rescue me from this boring house
This is so boring.
Another boring day another restless night.....text me ppl
Work so boring n dry like grandma pussy
y'all are boring...toodle lou.!
People who think Monopoly is a boring game haven't played with my family.
There's NOBODY around here like its completely boring and nothing to do. . .ever.
Um..I'm mad my sis made me make one of these shits. Seems boring
13 hours 30mins left of 2011 for me. 2011 was a pretty boring year for me. Pretty much the same as 2005 when I think about it.
Today yesterday and the other day is always kinda boring when I don't got nothing to do
hate it when his replies are shit, so boring
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
I wonder if my txts get boring :) i hope not cuz i love txtn
Boring Friday Night <<<
Convos with them are never boring :)
It's 6:30pm in the afternoon the conversation got boring !!!
Rain makes everyone tired and boring. Wah.
my TL right now is BORING
Foreskins coming over I guess lol. Okay my phones almost dead so gonna put it on the charger and leave. Everyone's being boring anyway.
Today has been to boring for me
Chuck E. Cheese so boring right now maybe tomorrow will be better
sdfudgfysdhfaodhsufdf brinks by boring brinks
It gets so boring at home. After all, how many reruns of Abbott and Costello movies can a guy watch on television? - Bud Abbott
Who the fuck wants a boring girl with a shit personality who just stands their expecting you to make conversation?
I've been done since 4 o clock. This job gets so boring sometimes.
holy tits pennsilvania is so fucking boring
Why twitter be boring me now...
soooo bored. why is everyone boring?
I just got myself out of a conversation that was about to become boring (:
Last Day of 2011 but boring at home.. (⌣́_⌣̀)
Boring ass Friday........
it's a shame that tonight is so boring#LastFridayOf2011
In drew its so boring in this town
Boring days like this one today<<<<<<
damn my life is OD boring.. sitting in the crib with ev watching jeopardy on a friday night lmboo thats sad
“@MsLaurenLondon I'm boring boots on Twitter.  Sorry Yall.  LOL.”im bored too
ITS BORING ..ILL  BE BACK LATER
El Dorado will always be the same - Boring As Hell
Hope, new ideas, inspirations, & set my intention to experience all the new & awesome things waiting for me in 2012.
I need a new series to watch with lots of seasons! Any ideas?!
No new years plan yet, anyone have ideas?
Anyone have any ideas of what to do for new yrs?
Uh oh, better think up some genius new years resolution to impress everyone with tomorrow. Ideas anyone?
As I work with my creativity my heart sings when new inspiring ideas come into my thoughts. That is a very subtle way Spirit can communicate
Constantly thinkn about new ideas
I need some new ideas for the blog.... what do you want to read about? :0)
That depressing moment when you have too many new years resolution ideas, and feel like a bad person
New Years Eve<3 maybe I'll get some ideas for what to do tomorrow since I have no plans:/
I want a new twitter name. . . .any ideas? Anyone? haha.
Who's ready to see the all new episode? What messed up thing do you think Dakota Fred does next? Any ideas?
What are you making for New Years Eve? I need ideas!
Any ideas for a new tumblr url?
Hmm I've got plenty of ideas for new years resolution. Might just all of them for each month.
I want to do a New Year's meal but I'm falling short of ideas. Halp?
Welcome, my five new followers, to place where I like to let all my stupid ideas fly.
At work thinking about what to .Do for new years eve I'm off till 8 am the next day any ideas people? I can go .Out for a little ..
Gathering ideas for the New Year Burning Bowl...clarity and goals for pyromaniacs...I love this time of year.
New Year's Resolution from an idea genius: NO NEW IDEAS in 2012! If you need ideas for yourself, hit me up. I cannot start any new projects!
“@topmags: Need to make some new year resolutions. Any ideas?” stop biting so easy at wind ups? Lol
new year resolutions-any ideas?
I've been having a lot new ideas for films lately and in the new year I will begin to work on them.
“Live the full life of the mind, exhilarated by new ideas, intoxicated by the romance of the unusual.” .—	 Ernest Hemingway
Anyone care to share their New Year's resolutions? I need ideas....
time for a new Twitter name :p .ideas would be great (:
On Mad Money: Dow -69, happy New Year? Follow the Holy Spirit or Cramer's got some ideas on how to protect profits in 2012. CNBC@11pET
Got a few ideas/changes for my channel in the new years. See you in 2012!
Listen I don't have time to repeat things. I don't want that. I'm always gonna create new ideas, regardless. It is what it is.
thinking of ideas for a new song .
Need a new job, ideas are welcome...#fedup!
Hi Andy!  One of the ideas I promote in my new book is "Single Parent's Day" but more than that it lifts Jesus high.  Pray God's protection!
New username ideas~ ? ;-)
I need a new name, any ideas?
Wats good fo new years?  no ideas ova here
I need to find some new ways to make money... Any Ideas?
I need New Years ideas... What y'all doin??
Happy new year to all my dear frnds. I hope that, this year bring in ur life new ideas, new things and get success..God bless u.:):)
Our new interns start in just over 1 week! We can't wait to see what magnificent ideas they have this semester!
Need last minute ideas for your New Year’s Eve party? The Green Cove Springs Library will be open on Sat., Dec. 31 from 10 AM to 5 PM!
Need some ideas for my new year's resolution!!!
New Year's Celebration? Oh MY ~ what ARE YOU going to do? Dinner here? Brunch on Sunday? Two great ideas!!
Been on my grind all day getting things done ready for the new year. New ideas, new motives, new mind, new body... Basically a better me.
Ah, bookstores. I just can't seem to hide my weakness for new ideas from you, even though I have far too many books on my reading list.
Wishing everyone a safe and very HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Try to pay it forward in 2012!!! Any festivities ideas hit me up I have NO PLANS!
Right now, I'm the person who gets REALLY excited about ideas and then doesn't follow through. New Year's Resolution: Following through.
trying to think of a new password for my Twitter account.. any ideas?
I'm still not what I should do to celebrate my new year... Any ideas tweeps ?????
Need sumthn to do for new years anybody got any ideas
Just realised it's new year's eve. Need some resolutions for next year! Any ideas?
"It's easy to come up with new ideas; the hard part is to let go of what worked for years, but soon will be out of date"
New song writing ideas - bring it on baby!! :)
Rolfe Neill~ Reading transports me. I can go anywhere and never leave my chair. It lets me shake hands with new ideas.
Daddy: I should throw a new years party  .Me: yes! Great ideas .Daddy : wait I have no friends.
-i need ideas for new youtube videos. i wanna make sum new videos later tonight after i get all ready, so let me kno wat sum good topics are
Need to make some new year resolutions. Any ideas?
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
2012 resolution: Open up to new ideas, find a special someone whose faithful, be nicer.....,oh! And push myself to get Varsity PT. :)
We're kicking off 2012 by adding more TV shows to the Swag Store! Please share your ideas with us and you might win SB's!! Happy New Year!!
I still ain't thought of some new years resolutions! Anyone got any ideas?
need something to do for new years tomorrow. any ideas?
What to do before new years eve in memphis, any ideas?
Not sure wot 2 do 2 celebrate the new year?any ideas any1
I want new hair!! Ideas...
no ideas original, theres nothing new under the son its never what you do but how its done!
I need new tattoo ideas. Go!
I'd love to be an experimental physicist, they get payed to come up with new ideas and theories, I'd love to do that.
aye, I need a new twitter name! *ideas*
When you close your mind to new ideas or new ways of doing things, you miss out on easier ways.
New Year's Eve can be brutal on the ol' pocket book. Any ideas on how to save mondo cash tomorrow night?
Right I nee to think of some new years revolutions.. Haha anyone got any ideas?
The ability to maintain an interest in your life,will open you up to new opportunities & broaden your horizons to new ideas.
New year, new chance. Buy a fresh notebook & start filling it with dreams, ideas, sketches & inspiring quotes. HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE
ARRRHHH so many new tattoo ideas...... might have to book a full day. Roll on next week :-) :-)
That Creative Moment When u start bringin up new ideas from ur head
Need new hair, any ideas?
“@GudFeelin_dyLaN new years ideas???”
When doing an activity that brings joy, devote all your attention to it and see what new ideas pop into your consciousness.
anyone got any ideas for a new years resolution?
Hmmm... Well my New Years plans went up in smoke... Anyone gave any fun ideas??
Time for New Year's resolutions, anyone have ideas? I have a couple in mine. I don't need to lose weight so that's out.
still no permanet plans for New Years,,,im open for ideas!
New Year's Resolution: Let's all figure out how we can make a difference for teachers, especially substitute teachers. Send your ideas!
(Tara) I am making a new tablecloth. Give you your best ideas or tutorials and I will share pictures!
I have some new tattoo ideas
Anyone.. ideas for new years ???
OH AND I NEED A NEW TWITTER NAME ... ideas :)
Been thinking lots about New Years Resolutions and I have a few ideas involving my photography, uni work and making myself some extra money.
“Be not astonished at new ideas; a thing does not cease to be true because it is not accepted by many.”  .― Baruch Spinoza
Just realized that I was so creative & active when I was 17,always had a new ideas
I  want to start a whole new chapter of my new life for 2012 , i want to go on adventure ad dicover new ideas and live my life ike nv before
New year, new ideas for incorporating bush food in your every day
what are your plans to bring in the new year? i need ideas!
Any ideas for New Years is Richmond, Va this year? * LISTENING*
Start again, me and typing;L .Think I need a new bio, any ideas? ;D
Whose got some good ideas for ringing in the New Year!? Looking for some ideas!
Need some new music. Thinking about Silversun Pickups new ep, anyone have any other ideas. New Kate Bush "50 words for snow" is very good
Feel like I new a new bio, any ideas? ;D
Got 4 new tatt ideas! Gotta make dat call yiiiii!!
Idk I'm out of ideas for new tears
I need some new music in my play list. Any good metal out there. Give some ideas.
Dear "cool" "alternative" advertising executives; I think I've heard enough cute acoustic covers of rock songs. New ideas for 2012 please.
Any requests or ideas for new videos?
Im not sure what the drink of choice is for new years!!!!!!!!! Tryna change it up. Any ideas?
Any ideas for new years eve???
It means we have the rarest opportunity, with our thoughts, hearts and individual ideas, to dawn a new age. ~Dannion Brinkley •❥◦✶•❥◦✶•❥◦✶
I want to do something other then go to my dads for new years. any ideas? no? oh, okay ..
i think im done smoking for now...new year new ideas and better health for me!!!
will be working with Veronique Huot design her new blog. She has plenty of great ideas.
cant wait to hit the pubs tmorra day and night for my best mate jack blowers 18th and New Year! anyone any ideas?!
anyone have any special/unique gift ideas for a new mom?
Thinking a New Year's resolution will be to buy my first and last single girl no kids vehicle while I still can. I need ideas.
What's every1 doing for there New Years resolutions...Need ideas!?? X
I need some ideas for some new years resolutions. . .?
Gold Dust Beauty will be open until 4pm tomorrow. A new year, full of new opportunities, new projects & ideas. Happy New Year everyone! Ann
Right. The ideas are forming..watch this space for new hat ideas...
what's everyone's new years resolutions? I need ideas.
How depressing:do you have any idea how much it costs to insure a new driver?...it's a wonder anyone drives! Any cost-cutting ideas,twitter?
What am I doing for new years any ideas :)
Anyone have any good new year resolution ideas?
Do any of my Milwaukee peeps have good ideas/plans for New Year's Eve?
playing around with new jewelry ideas...I have a vision in my mind...just gotta let the creativity speak.
I really can't wait until tomorrow. New year, new start, new ideas, new inspiration.
New years resolutioins I need ideas
NCAA King RT “@MackSims12: New twitter name needed. Any ideas?”
Thinking of my new years resolution before my mom grills me about them. Any ideas?
no plans for new years eve. any ideas?
Still not sure what to do for New Years Eve. Ideas anyone?
Ideas for a new twitter username anyone? :)
i want to make a new video but don't have any ideas :( i'll have to eat chocolate.. now you understant my dilemma.
23 new years resolution ideas. What a joke.
Need to think of a new years resolution. Any ideas?
is trying to think of an easy new years resolution but failing miserably... any ideas??
New tattoo ideas?
I need do somethin new to my hair , any ideas ?
Spending my New Years with Eilish. XD Derry at 4 for the cinema, then dinner out somewhere :') oh mum, your crazy ideas..
New twitter name needed. Any ideas?
Don't forget, we'll be back in the shop on Wednesday, January 4th. Bring in whatever new ideas you got over the holidays ;)
New year, new ideas for my cupcakes.
I still have to make a new years resolution...  any ideas?
I need a new twitter name , give me ideas !
Time to buy a new book. Any ideas?
"New year, new me" blah blah blah. I know It sounds shit but I have so many ideas and changes to be made in 2012.
The new guy at work's annoying. Any ideas?
Looking for ideas from photography students for new exhibitions , residencies, workshops and work placements with us. Please let us know!
Any ideas for New years eve parties anyone??
"It's easy to come up with new ideas; the hard part is to let go of what worked for years, but will soon be out of date"
someone give me new music ideas and fast!
Im turnin 17 soon so I can't be JoshMyers16 anymore. I'm accepting ideas for a new twitter name now.
Few months back I helped my mate Dorian from Eccycles create a new scooter with design ideas now he has the proto type.
Me & crystal sittn here bored ass fuck , tryna see what to do for new years eve, NE IDEAS??
I think self-given new years resolutions are cheap. So instead, I'm accepting resolutions from others for me. If you have ideas, let me know
So, are you following me on my new fb page and twitter? No! Well u will be missing out on fresh ideas and special offers. R u following now?
Think a New Years resolution of mine will be to actually follow through with plans and ideas
What am I doing for the new years? Any ideas?
Any last minute New Year's Eve ideas for kids?? Oh yah...it's me...I haven't Tweeted in months!
I want a new un , any ideas ?
Ne3mel eah bokra fel new year ?? Any ideas ?
Ima Introduce you to new ideas and keep the p___y as a souvenir !
new year . new experiences . new ideas .
It's sad how our culture condemns, shames new ideas, different people and behaviors because it threatens the established power structure.  ?
ideas for new years!
Need new song ideas any help?
If anyone has song ideas for new years let me no
I got new Ideas that I want to explore and share my progression with so we can all benefit!
Klub Kaoss new years night :) what should I wear !! Any ideas ladies ?? Let me know !
New Year's Eve is tomorrow, which means it's time to make last-minute plans again, just like every year come this holiday. Any ideas?
New Year's Eve is tomorrow, which means it's time to make last-minute plans again, just like every year come this holidays. Any ideas?
Like someone give me ideas for what to wear for new years eve!
I need a new bag for uni. Big enough for laptop, books + general handbag stuff. Any ideas?
I've a lot of New Year’s resolution ideas swirling in my head but I haven’t committed yet. I guess I should hurry up and decide.
thinking of starting a new novel on the side of my other two. any ideas?
I want a new piercing? any ideas.....
What are your guys New Years resolutions? I haven't really thought of mine yet! I need a good one! Need some ideas!
....have started thinking of New Year cakey ideas, Valentines & Easter treats.....& it's not even 2012 yet!! x
I need to download some new games...Any ideas??
MANY THANKS2all my followers & non followers for sharing your opinions, ideas, and information. Have a very HAPPY NEW YEAR2You&your Families
i need ideas for a new ringtone, helpppp?
I was doing something crazy for New years eve! Any ideas!
Happy New Year to all GF foodies out there. Let's really help each other this year. So many great ideas coming from great people.
But in all honesty, I can't wait to get rid of 2011, have many plans, resolutions etc for 2012, new changes & ideas, that's where it's at.
I love finding new food ideas, so excited!
Coming up with ideas for a new blog look. I love changes.
Recording some new ideas!
Up an at em. Yesterday was more than just fun and games. Got some excellent new business ideas as well
If you need ideas on your new years resolution than its not really YOUR resolution.
Adams Management Group has outlived its prime. We're looking for a new name for the company, one word, edgy. Ideas? Custom software biz.
i wish i had more time to think of some new ideas and sketch stuff. might give up the internet for a while and stop wasting time
RT@glinetwork: "Apparent resource lack can be conquered by application of new and creative ideas" Dr. Noel Woodroffe
What to drink for New Years any ideas???
Any ideas on good non alcoholic drinks I can make tomorrow to bring in the New Year?
Needs some new dubsteb music, any ideas?
"Apparent resource lack can be conquered by application of new and creative ideas" Dr. Noel Woodroffe
In Charlotte on way to Ott - so pumped to get home and move into new GSH warehouse next week. Any ideas 4 fun shit to put in our lounge?
In the city and wanna try somewhere new to go out, ideas?
Day 2 of hiking. Love the great outdoors. Peace and quiet, feeling refreshed, new ideas flowing.
Need plans for new years any ideas???
5 New Year's Resolutions for Online Marketers: There are so many new ideas and options, it's easy to get overwhelmed. What happens th...
new years ideas???
Wants to do something interactive with all of you for New Year's tomorrow.. maybe live tweet? Any ideas?
I need a new twitcon any ideas??
so i know collard greens and black eyed peas are good luck on New Years---any other ideas or traditions for good luck in 2012??
so bored need a new hobby any ideas ???
I guess I need some New Year's resolutions . . . hmm. Any ideas?
Still trying to decide what to do for new years. I been hearing some pretty good ideas.
I'm looking forward to 2012, new people, new ideas
tomorrow's a new year and I have no way to celebrate it, have you any ideas?
Someone please toss new years eve ideas.
New Years Resolution ideas?
While having a wee girlie pamper night we've been brainstorming some new ideas for 2012! So excited now!!!
Still having ideas about restarting blogging with a new blog. Just need a good title...
Hmmm....what's my New Year's resolution going to be this year? Any ideas?
not doing anything on new years eve sucks:( anyone got any ideas of what i could do?
We want party ideas! Tell us how you are celebrating the New Year (we hope with lots of snacks)!
“@TrustKeek_ I love listenong to music && gettin hella new ideas for certain shit”
Who votes for a new website design? Any suggestions or ideas? Tweet away!
Our last issue of 2011 is out! Enjoy the New Year's ideas and snacks for the family! .What are your New Year's Eve plans?
Wanna try a new Drink...any Ideas?!
Need a new team to take through the leagues on FIFA, any ideas?
amazong, big room sounds in the studio today... really excited to test some new ideas at CIRCUS on the 7th!
I love listenong to music && gettin hella new ideas for certain shit
the new year and new me and new ideas on what to do i hope i get a new gf and a new heart too. imma make this my year!!!!
Anyone want to give me ideas, on new techno songs to mix?
New year. New beginning. New ideas. New innovation. New hope. New faith.
ANY IDEAS ON WHERE 2 GO 4 NEW YEAR'S EVE?
Having many ideas for new blog post but not the time to write them down sucks.
I need a new tumblr name. Any ideas?
been brainstorming with my fella in the car to colchester today, got lots of lovely new ideas for 2012 :D
Okay so ideas for New Years eve: 1) Eat some peanuts and enjoy fireworks outside, 2) Eat some peanuts and swim to Sydney. OR... ?
Needs ideas for new years eve hair... Updo? Or curled down?
Omg the ringtone u had on the sidekick in highschool u have to remember lmfao!!! "@Heidixoxo7: Need a new ringtone .. Any ideas ?"
i want a new username :-( give me username ideas lol
I want a new username. I need ideas!!
Local produce canape ideas needed for New Years Eve munchies!!? HELP
Local produce canape ideas needed for New Years Eve munchies!!? HELP!!??
Well what u wearing? I need a few ideas for my fit for new years lol
I can't belive I still don't have a new yrs outfit!!! Ideas???
Looking for new and original tattoo ideas. There will be a contest next week to who has the best and most original idea.
Tweet me yur best New Years Eve plans minions and maybe I can steal a few ideas for myself tomorrow night...Keep the rated G ones for urself
“@swagonsteroids1: New years party tomorrow at my house txt me if u wanna come” don't I have great ideas?
making a new beat, anyone wanna gimme some ideas?
Starting to think about some new songs for the new year. Lots of ideas.
I need some new tattoo ideas :3
Love when new song ideas just come to me.
Need to follow new people, any ideas?
I need a new username... any ideas?
Looking for fab holiday entertaining ideas? Ring in the new year with this classy champagne  and sorbet cocktail!
I need some plans for new years...any ideas?
Going to get back to podcasting after new years. Got some interesting ideas re: format.
i need an idea for new years eve! any ideas?
Now you guys can make up a new song everybody can text new ideas and make a song TOGETHER!
ummm dont know what my new years resolution is going to be ? going to have to think of something ...................... any ideas ???
“@shanedawson: Tweet me some ideas for a prank/dare to do to my mom! Haha”i want u to dress your mom in the most tacky new years outfit
lol i dint finish that last tweet bt BC i want sme new...any ideas.?
How does a new non-profit build capital? Ah, the catch 22! All ideas are welcome!
Always keep a window open in your mind for new ideas.
Looking over logo ideas for new biz launching for testing, T minus... Next week! One logo is standing out!
Thinking up some New Year Resolution ideas for 2012... Need something a bit better than "cut down from two sugars in tea to one".
I need some ideas on how to start. I work out 4 hours a day but seem to always gain the weight... I need a new diet. Any ideas?
Tryina find some dope new rappers to listen to. Any ideas?
i need proper new year res. but the running one is just taking over my mind and blocking all other ideas i really wanna do it
I'm Appetizer ideas out from Christmas - trying to think of New Year's Eve.
deadmau5's project 56 is a good way of getting new ideas and it isnt the same sound each minute , good idea!
Soo time to make a new years target. Any ideas x
I'm hoping to do Crusader Kings II and the New Vegas re-release for February, but I've no ideas for January yet.
No New Years plans yet, any ideas?
new ideas are beginning to bubble. getting excited for the new year. :)
Count down: New year  New ideas, new encounters! Same team! Pro!!
kayladnls BarrettTryon but then another highly competent person with new ideas can move into your jo
Do you have a special New Years Eve tradition?? We would love to hear your ideas!
Ideas for new years resolution ??
omg NO idea, what to ahve as my new background, someone give me some ideas wah wah wah
I want a new twitter name... Any ideas ?
What is there to do in this town for New years eve? Need ideas ASAP!
It's hard to rap new and fresh ideas. That's why freestyin is where it's at.
Idk what to do for new years:( any ideas?
Going Into The New Year With New Goals, New Ambitions, New Ideas But Im Going Into It With OLD FRIENDS ...x
Have a ton of ideas rolling around in my head.. I think the new year is going to be a great one guys.. Stay tuned!
I need a new twitter for myself. anyone got any twitter name ideas? - claire
Wow they trust me to track drums...dumb asses! Haha new band in progress(: band name ideas please people
Diz new yearz n my bday weekend n i aint got no big planz bud i wanna enjoy it....wtf?....ideas???dates???partiez???any1???
its not a new year its just a another year with new ideas ...
My ideas for speed arts are fucking sick :) getting new laptop tomorrow!<3
Cleaning and more cleaning. Then trying new make up ideas out!!
Making a hat to wear for new years eve rave... got pac-man and diamonds on this bitch so far.. any other cool ideas?
Food ideas for New Years?! Anyone?!?
-- I need new song ideas
New twitter name - any ideas?
"@KimKardashian: What are your guys New Years resolutions? I haven't really thought of mine yet! I need a good one! Need some ideas!"
I HAVE PLANS FOR NEW YEAR! anyone have ideas for what I can wear to a 'best of british' fancy dress party?
"@jackfowles13: iPod Touch - ran out of battery and won't charge... Tried it in computer, docking station & AC power. Any ideas?"Get a new 1
I need new ideas on things to take for lunches to work. Whatcha got for me? ~Kat
Let your mind run free and watch your ideas shape a new world
Help! I need ideas for a bar/pub crawl on New Years DAY in London. Location, route etc.
Nearly new year... Time to give up enjoying myself and make myself and those around me unhappy, need a health club... Any ideas?
Bringing in the New Year with some great ideas/plans for Orlando aLive! Stay tuned and thank you for the support!
So you want new ideas and innovative plans but don't entertain discussion. How's that work exactly?
Coming up with project ideas for the new year. Watch this space...!
“@LMSoohsoocute: Time for some new ink ...thinking of ideas”<--me to! Let's go together
Best way to learn a new language? Any ideas people? Besides relying on your twinsiie to teach you.
i need a new twitter name any ideas
So who's NY resolution is to do up the bathroom, or put a new one in? Come talk to us for some great advice and ideas.
Thinkin Of New Tattoo Ideas At Dis BarberShoppp
Oh yea 2012 is coming so i better think of ideas for new yourube videos haha
WHAT IS THERE TO DO IN SOUTH FLORIDA FOR NEW YEARS PEOPLE GIVE ME SPECIFIC IDEAS PLEASE =)
I need a new twitter name. Any ideas?
New graphics card, plugged vga cable into cards vga slot, no signal on tv. card has a fan going on etc, any ideas?
I need some new hairstyle ideas for 2012
Coming up with ideas as a rapper is easy as fuck. but as a producer? you have to make a new symphony & correlation of sounds everytime.
I'm about to draw up a new tattoo I havent gotten any new ink in a while. any ideas
New Year, New Ideas and New Things that's going to happen this yr.................Happy New Year to everybody, enjoy
Time 4 a new twitter name...throw me sum ideas!!!!
Range Line at 3:15 in the afternoon the Friday before New Year's weekend: not one of my brighter ideas.
So whats up with new years what are the ideas! :0
someone give me some new name ideas :~)
Any ideas for New Years tomorrow... What's going on?
need new video ideas...
New York for new years these hoes throwing out crazy ass ideas lmao
Anyone got any ideas for a new TT
i have a fewww ideas for new years hopefully one of them will work out :)))
Happy New Year!  Thanks for the support and great ideas for what's been a massive year for us... Packed beaches for the next  3 mths is Aus
bouta eat thn wrk out thn strt planning out these new tatt ideas
Looking for a new motto for 2012 any ideas people or my minions?
I need a New Years resolution that I actually have a chance of keeping. Ideas?
i love Pinterest it gives me new ideas on how to curl my hair
I don't know what my New Years Resolution should be. Any ideas?
Listen to music new & old that doesn't have the current hot sound of the moment in it. This is how you get ideas.
Conscious and Ideas are the new currency that will move this world.
Waiting till the day before to find a new years dress was one of my best ideas.. Not
hmmm!!!!....whats gonna be my new year's resolutiong?? need some ideas!!!
2012.. power struggle for leadership of Chicanos..watch all the reactionary,destructive Latinos come out to destroy new leadership,new ideas
Arghh what to do for new year!! It's bugging me now!! Ideas anyone?
new yrs plans, i need IDEAS bc im not about to stay in the crib
opened up a new document, typed "New Adult ideas," and am now going to synopsize both ideas. BRING. IT. ON.
Any ideas for my new url on tumblr? please help ;) xx
I need somthin 2 do for New Years.....any ideas
I need new ideas for my bio!!! What can I write? Can you inspired me?
Ok one mow day I hopping to start a new year qith fresh ideas
Anybody got any ideas for their new year goals? Here's mine: improve diet, grades, sleeping schedule
Getting my make up done for New Years! I need ideas!! READY SET GO! :-)
Hmm. Need a new bedroom colour, any ideas???
Anyone want a new chapter or got any ideas cause I'm posting a chapter today since I neglected y'all yesterday
Anyone have any party ideas for new yrs?
Writing down Ideas for next weeks shots. Getting together another new Video. 2012 on blast!
New years resolution ideas ? :)
I need a new ringtone that sounds like a generic ring, but still has personality. The Metal Gear Solid codec ring is too common. Ideas?
So, guess it's time to bust out the sketch pad and think of a new tattoo. Any ideas?
Any great ideas to do before new years ? Something I wouldn't think of doing
Got new ideas for this baby ass tattoo lol
Need a new AVI..any ideas?
New years resoulution ideas anybody????
Who needs trade show ideas for the New Year?   "Like" and we will send you some ideas.
Gets to spend new years eve all alone :(   any ideas on what to do?
What am i going to do for New Years? Any ideas?
Brainstorming ideas for our New Years Eve menu, its looking rather tapas style heavy...
New color came out nicely =3 Now I'm looking for new hairstyle ideas. ;-) Don't have any as for this very moment ;p
Sooo i need a new username ideas?
It's always so many new ideas in there.. I love to redecorate & reorganize stuff around the house!
“@KhaledMAlsaud: We always look at new ideas as something weird and silly. Never under estimate, it might change your ENTIRE LIFE STYLE.”
New Years resolution - find a stage talent. Something that does not require dancing, singing, or years of practice. Any ideas??
Looking for new years ideas that are kid friendly. Anyone?
The count down to NYE is almost here !! What are your plans this new year? Anyone going to Glitter and Glam? We would love to hear ideas :)
cumin up with new song any ideas for title
2012, is gunna b a creative new year for me wit new adventures and new ideas bring on 2012!!
anyone give me ideas for what i can do for new years eve with me biffers!/ cause we have no idea what to do!!/
need a new Twitter name. Any ideas?
Hi Corp Amerka/Job Creatorz! Any ideas other than new fees? .... didn't think so. kinda waitin' for someone smart (99%) and then buy em' out
Off topic now but, every time I rant, I think of all these new video ideas that I could do once I get my new yt page all up and running LOL
I think I just made up a new word: Ideaction - Ideas in Action.  I'm so cool... :D
I need a case4 my new smartphone... Ideas?
Ahaa new cloths today!!!:)...idk wat imma get??any ideas??:)
I really want to make a good new years resolution. & stick to it.. But I have no ideas :/
Been in the craft shack working this afternoon.. Check out the new creations. I love Pinterest for all the ideas.
New year, new beginning n new ideas
New Year's Resolutions, any ideas
Short day with the pen but I have some new ideas to think about over the weekend.
Okay whats everyones New Years resolutions? I need ideas.
I'm looking for a new Jake Icon @ me ideas -smiles-
I like the dentist bc I think of things. Like plot hole fixes and motivations and shiny new ideas. Odd, right?
I need a new place to get my haircut.. Any one have any ideas?
use the barking dog and let me call You while You inside the bank  “@Heidixoxo7: Need a new ringtone .. Any ideas ?”
“@Nora2891: I need a new book to read any ideas?” rich dad poor dad!!
I need a new book to read any ideas?
Need a new ringtone .. Any ideas ?
I'm still not sure what I'm doing for New Years! Text me for ideas!
time for some brain stroming for new ideas...
starting a podcast for the new year...want to see if its as easy as it looks...scanning your tweets for ideas
need new ringtones any ideas
NEED TO MAKE NEW YEARS EVE PLANS. anyone got any ideas to give me?
Going back to my time in new York for ideas......
my new year's resolution is to stop leaving things so late. Well, that's 2011 sorted, any ideas for 2012?
I need some new DS games... Ideas please?
Don't be afraid to purge things, ideas and/or people this New Year. It can be a scary concept, but is part of your growth process.
New Years mani/pedi. Any color ideas??
Flipping love my new Filofax! Filling it with fun dates, 2012 goals and blog ideas already... all in my best handwriting obviously ;-)
new years eve ideas?
Erased all my 2011 tweets, never looking back at old ideas anyway. Let there be new ones! :)
Charlotte, what's good for New Year's Eve?  I need some ideas!
HELP! What romantic, cheap, and fun things are people doing for New Years Eve?! Needing ideas!
Writing new chapter! Needs Ideas!
How would you start the New Year? I need ideas...hmm. polar bear swim?
New twitter name any ideas??
I haven't thought of a new years resolution yet! Any ideas??
Looking forward to the New Year - new ideas, new ventures, and new connections to meet! What are your goals for 2012?
So many ideas for my new year resolution!
What's everyone New Years Plans??? I need some ideas???
i have some!!!! “@Allforu_sike: I still need a new twitt name any ideas?”
New years resolution ideas: eat more donuts
Need a new pic. Any good ones or good ideas? I need help!
new years eve make up ideas anyone?
so idk what to do today
I know I was meant to do something today but I forgot what it was. Lol. Oh well I'll find out soon.
Today I was introduced to this absolutely beautiful Spanish woman. What do I do when she's over the age of 30? She was just... STUNNING!
Shit balls, dunno what to do today. Should I go n watch da countdown? Hmm I swear it'll be the same Shik as last year.
What to do today? Hmmm oh I know take a nap lol
What to do today?
The weather stopped me from what I really wanted to do today
like today i got up at 5 am my body tells me what to do sometimes.
I was suppose to be gone 2 hours ago! .She said I'm holding her up from doing what she got to do today!
Everyones asking me to hang out with them today, idk what to do.
It's the last day of the year. What to do today.......
people waiting until New Years to cut people off? should've BEEN cut 'em off if they're fake, don't put off tomorrow what you can do today.
Um. What to do today?????!
Fml half my timeline is saying David's getting marries today, the other half tomorrow. WHAT DO I DO?! I don't know when to start crying.
lets get high and forget what we had to do today
What to do today ?
What I tend to do is to think, of today, as the past, its funny when you coming in 1st, but you hope, that you last .."
What the fuck is there to do today
Today I'm starting to realize what I need to do, need to get my act together
What to do today... :/
I kind of want to sit in the bathtub, but I already did that once today. I just don't know what to do. Oh, well, there's the dishes.
Prepare for what to do today!
Is there an opportunity for you to elevate someone today? What do they tell superheroes...use your power for good?
What i'm going to do today ??
what's the best thing to do today?
“@_KingTray I Really Love My Mom and My Family, They Didn't Have To Do What They Did For Me Today.”
Last Day of 2011. What to do today? Not sure yet, I'll think about it
I dnt know what to do today.......
Ahh what to do today :D
I wanted to do some homework today, but I don't know what the history homework is...
i think i was supposed to do something today. i dont know what though
What to do today??
I Really Love My Mom and My Family, They Didn't Have To Do What They Did For Me Today.
I got so much done today it makes me wonder what will I do a month after .Retiring after I've completed every task known to man.
Saw a hippie girl today wearing a fur hat. Looked like she was wearing a skinned Ewok. What did Chief Chirpa do to you?
first thought when i wake up, 'what can i do to piss my parents off today'
what to do today?
I'm awake; new years eve today, I wonder what I am to you, I really don't know what to even do for new years as in a resolution or something
I'm sure there's meant to be something I'm supposed to do today. But I canny remember what it is...!
Well I've learned a lot today. Now if I get into another accident, I know exactly what to do.
I want to thank everybody who took their time today just to look at me doing what I love to do. A young boy with a dream... Thank you
What a good way to start my last day of the year. Productive vibes today. Let's do this! ♡
Thinking...thinking what to do today!?!
i don't know what to do today ..
So what to do today now (._.)
Had a blast at Disneyland yesterday. What to do today, what to do?
Today, I am grateful that I get to do what I love...What are you grateful for in your life?
Lol the way this customer tried to threaten me today.."Give me my money back or..- "Or what? what exactly are you gonna do?"
Done what needed to get done today. Even though I had no desire to do it. Now time to reward myself.
Don't know what to do today, hmm
What to do today....? o_O
What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today.
today's the last Friday of the year & you know what I`m going to do ? imma listen to music all day and YELL at demons !
What's there to do today ?
what to do today >.<
There was so much I had planned to do today and what did I end up doing? Laying on the couch
what to do today
What to do today ? Oh yeah I forgot, I got nothing to do today.. Just like the other day..
Guys. What do I want to do today?
I don't know what I want to do today, I feel bored .... .LOL :D
You only get one shot at living *today*. What will YOU do to add value to anothers life? Don't waste a breath!
What to do today?????
Last day in 2011. Mind to make today's special? What will you do? (:
What to do today...
Im off and vacation starts today hmmmmmm wonder what im going to do for a week!!!!!
what is there to do today ??
What do you want to hear on Sun On Demand today?
I dont know what i want to do today ._.
:'( omg why is today going so wrong, i feel so fuckin upset and i dont know what to do anymore i feel an emotional wreck
Today is d last day of d month.. Tomorrow new month and yr.. What to do?? SLEEP!!
* Sigh * didnt get to do what I wanted to so today , so tomorrow morning i will ((:
Im gonna kill my mutt today pit bulls are my favorite dogs but not anymore i swear i could strangle this dog idk what to do man
Ask yourself: What do I feel inspired and ready to do today?
What i managed to do today. Buy awesome sweatshirts, kill a bug and make a fool of my self by tweeting a dude.
Yay, done with recutting Extraordinary Storm-Chaser into The World's Smallest Storm Chaser (she ain't that small). Now what to do today?
What to do today.....?
If time is of the essence do u really know what time your main chick got off today I do.. It was about 30mins after she arrived to my crib..
So what's good I'm trying to do something today ?
Got a late start today. So I won't be doing what I was supposed to do.
Sometimes idk what to think what to say or what to do... Today has been pretty shitty :( and it just keeps gettin better.
What to do today? We finally finished washing Harry Potter.
Even though, I wasn't able to do what I intended on doing today. I'm still content w/the fact I got to spend it w/my favorite Aunt Niecie.
My manager and I had a serious talk today, she told me to Promise her I would do what we talked about. She got my word. ily for that Lily
Ugh still sick:/ anyways what to do today?(:
my mom, stepdad and I had a long talk today about what we would do if we win 40million SEK… it was fun to fantasize a bit :')
What to do today =?
Do you ever wonder "what Christmas giftcard do I want to use today?"
Today, a violent sneezing fit quickly developed into a nosebleed. Right in the middle of Next. The shop assistant did NOT know what to do.
I thought it was New Years and now I have no idea what to do today. I have about 45 cents.
Ok so what's is there to do today ?
What to do today???
I have acquired more freckles today than I know what to do with. Anybody need some? Always glad to share...
Sat in bed for 6 hours today and read cover to cover the second book of Hunger Games. Not sure what I will do with my life after the third.
My Conscious- "Today Is Gonna Be the day that there gonna throw it back to you, By now you should have somehow realized what you got to do"
“@Mike_Shansky: What did I do today to make myself better”what's up coach Hamilton
Mee Too Idk ?  .“@martin_hoe: What am I going to do today”
the usual “@RocNRalphLauren: «@Polo_Don_Juan What is there to do in the 828 today»not shit”
What did I do today to make myself better
Hmmm ..what to do today ??
What to do today..
what to do today..
What am I going to do today
What to do today? Hmm.
Talking about New Year's traditions today...what do you do to ring in the New Year?
What is there to do today? -_____-
What is there to do in the 828 today
Well well, do you know what today is? A bad day to be a sperm.
I have no idea what to do today. I have lots to do I just don't want to wash my car or edit pictures or work on scholarships but I should!
What is there to do today
What to do today........................
What do I want to do today?????
"what do you drink enough water to fill a bath tub a day?"- my brother's response to how many times I entered the kitchen for water today
"Do you know what today is? A bad day to be a sperm."-Stewie Griffin.
Do you know what today is? A bad day to be a Sperm
"Do you know what today is? A bad day to be a sperm" haha
what is there to do today?
Good morning guys! It's New Year's Eve today!!! What are you going to do? :) Have fun your last day in 2011!!!
sigh.. what to do today..? trying to save money.
Tell me what I need to do,for you,today,to get you into a new car.
What is there to do today wanna go eat r chill at a kick back
The boyfriend should be here in around 35 minutes. but the weather is so miserable idk what to do today.
What is there to do today?
Good nap. What is there to do today.?
I seriously don't know what to do today. I'm tired of just chillin.
"What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today." -William Glasser
what to do today ,...........
Got bawtwanged off a rubber frog today... Do you see what my life is amounting to?
What to do today... Hopefully something.
What am I going to do today? I'm going to release the FIREWORKS ☑(Tonight☆)
Lots of new roses in our rose gardens today... It makes our day... Everyday... What a beautiful thing to do... X
What to do today...hmmm. family from Washington is here, but it doesn't seem like we're gonna go out or something...
Never Put Off 'til Tomorrow what U Can Do Today. U May Enjoy Doing it So Much that U Want to Do it Again! ~Ross Perot
Today is a PTV kind of day. I just wonder what I'm going to do for New Years.....
I'm going to have to do sooooo much running around tomorrow around after work since what I was going to do today didn't happen -___-
Took my brother till 11 to realise it's Friday today. Rebecca Black, you know what to do!
Oh well. Today is the last day of 2011. Then.. What else? I'm literally not too excited. What am I suppose to do?
What to do today? I'm soooo bored. I love when I get ready for nothing.... not!
Hmm what to do today?
So at what point do we stop calling them Judges? Today they're really just known to be voted OUT QEII's Henchmen ~;D
What to do today? What to do? I guess stay home till later tonight. Eh tonight should be fun. :)
what to do today ???
Hmm seems like not being able to find anyone to do something is a pattern today. What the heck!
It's my birthday today now I don't know what to do today hahahha
idunno what to do today -______-
What to do for today? Distribute 200 galloons of water to Typhoon Sendong victims. No drinking water, no water for bathing. :(
OMG ! what is there to do today like frfr .
Anyone have ideas on what to do today? Sorta used to staying in bed, doing nothing.
What is there to do today ?  .i Wanna see my babyy (;
Let's see...hmmmmm what is there to do in Oxford today....nope ...nope....like I thought ...nothing at all
What to do today): who's down to play ball? Hmu
Today just gets more and more hurt! What we supposed to do now? -___-
What am I going to do today?..
What am i going to do today.. Uggh!
What To Do Today ?
Idk what to do today :(
What to do today.... -___- .Hmmmm thinking mode On.
I don't know what to do with myself today. Library's closed which means no work, no school, and I'm at home and it's making me want to go do
Meant to be paid today but didn't! What  am I gonna do for NYE now? Fucking pay roll companies having Xmas off when I need my dolla
Fresh out of the shower, what to do today though.
Ugggghh time to work, this is so NOT what I wanna do today G!
Omg what to do today??
What to do today....
What to do today
What's some fun stuff to do in LA? I don't wanna stay home today!
what to do today. really bored hehe.
What do you have to complain about today?
I'm so bored I don't know what to do i'm so tired though ugh not really a good day today :/
Tryed to go out and do something today and it killed my mouth, what am i gonna do for tomorrow?!
Just what I wanted to do today.... sit around at the dmv...
What is there to do today ? Someone please tell me.
I replaced by boot laces with paracord and we added 200lbs more to out pets' food storage. What did you do to Prep today?
Didn't feel like going to wrk today... But u gotta do what u gotta do...
Need Too Do Something Today But Dont Knoww What To Do Or Where To Go , ;l
So what is there to do today...
Sometimes I surprise myself with what I say, today it was "do you need a licence to ride a horse?" :) how I passed my GCSE's I don't know!
Still in bed because I don't know what to do today.
I wonder what events my friends have planned for me to do today!
Hm what to do today.
Never heard of bear bile farming until today. It is so sad and disgusting what they do to these innocent bears. :(
i wonder , what is everyone doing today ? .there aint shit to do in gwinnett anyways
Movies/Ice Skateing(; .Idk What To Do Today D,:
I don't know what to do today
I think that's going to be my motto in 2012 “@LaToyaReports: What do I have to lose? I'm going to just go for it, starting today ;)”
Let's welcome 2012 with love my people! 23 hours left for this last day, what are you going to do today and next year?
What is there to do today ?
“If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?” -Steve Jobs
Today: is just not another day, but day I have done exactly what I wanted to do
Hmm.. What To Do Today?
Yeah wen to Selfridges today... So what. Bought some jeans and all. Take that. They fit reeeeeal good. Should do and cost. Cost loads.
Hmmmm what to do today :/
Thats fucking fine, you can do what you want to. Don't worry shit, you just another bitch. Hope you shit bricks today.
I joined the Temple Run movement today...what kind of score do I have to get before I can talk shit?
just do what you want today because its so lame to leave those responsabilites.
- What a boring ass day it's gonna be today once again!, nothing to do!;
What the fuck to do today?!
Idk what to do today my bday n i find my self lost lmao more shopping i guess
Ferb, i know what were going to do today
New years eve. What am I going to do today...
What will you do to tackle Boko Haram if you are the President of Nigeria today?
Yeah haha ummm so you tell me what do you want to talk about TODAY HAHA!
Idk what to do today.. :(
Hmmmmm what is there to do today
Today: Not really sure what's going on, but it's probably got something to do with Quaint because that's going to be a lot of work.
Going to my first Chinese Christmas today! .I'm excited..... But honestly I do not know what to expect :)
question i always ask me myself. " what can i do to make someone laugh today?" aahaha
Such a crappy looking day in Chicago today! Don't even know what to do today.
What am I going to do today!?!?!?!
I love what I do, but it felt good to work with my hands today. Now I'm going to take a huge nap probably.
What's there to do today Southern California in its entirety?
“@SamanthaaStar Can't go to fedde le  grand, what else is there to do today ?”
If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today? If you answer no, make a change.
Today is the end to the year x3  hmmm, what should I do...
All I really wanted to do today was smoke hookah, what I ended up doing was an essay.
RT@mikal_IEi05 What the hell is there to do today???
Can't go to fedde le  grand, what else is there to do today ?
I gust remember what i had to do today -__-
I wonder what my mother got planned for me to do today
What to do today. what to do.
What to Do today? humm:)
What the hell is there to do today???
what to do today hmmmm i vote nothing
As Fucked up as the world is, NATURAL DISASTERS, political unrest. What did you do to Prep today??
It ain't shit to do today. What's up with that?!
“@WhySoulSerious: "@KILLAassTashara: who am I kickin' it wid today??"swhy yuhh won't come bacc to me?”shutup, go do what you were about to
hmm... what to do today
Yah . Today is my turn to do what ?
What to do today ? It's the last friday of the year !
What are u planning to do today n over the new years vacation?
Hmmm...what to do today
I had a blast from the past today!!!!! All I could do was smh and laugh, saying to myself "Girl, what were u thinking??" I was young! Ha!!!
What a beautiful day! Glad I got to do some outside work today.
Today we think what we accomplish,gave forward,fail and did not do this past year in order to do better in the new year...
Hmm what to do today??
Ima shower and see what there is to do today .-.
what is there to do today ?
Hmm what is there to do today??
What I's there to do today other than work?
What's there to do today?
What to do today!!!?
Wow what is there to do today ?
Hazelnut coffee <3. I dunno what I'm supposed to do today..
What to do today? Jaime's house? ^__<3
What is Michaela going to do today?
Hmmm what am I going to do today?!?!?
What to do today>.< ?
What the fuck to do today,
What to do today....not shit....continue sitting on the coach and eat starbursts and cookies...damn my leg hurting like a bitch tho...
Today I was going to tidy my room and do all my homework. Guess what I haven't done.
What to do today? Well after I I get from under this dryer
had a good night .. now what to do today ?
Saw HIM today. Didn't know what  to do. Maybe that's because I was in the car and he's walking down the street.
So what's there to do in Miami today??
Mmmm what to do today thoo !
I'm in such a laazzzyyyy mood...I haven't done half of what I was supposed to do today...oh well, that's what a vacation is 4! Once a year!
What to do today ? :)
i need to get out the house today ....no practice and idk what to do ?
Hmm, what to do today with my bupbake?!(;
Hrmmmm......what do I want to eat today?
I don't no what to do today im so bored
Well i don't fucking know what to do today. No electricity and my phones gunna die... Yay. :P
What is there to do today ? (:
Trying to figure what I am going to do today
ohh sooooo boreddd. . . . what to do today ? HELP
Hmm what to do today
Hmmmm.. what to do today?
Been off 4 2 weeks n worked everyday....ugh! 2012 I will learn “@DAGHE: I'm off today and don't know what to do with myself! Just work! :-(”
what to do today .
what to do today???
Today at Oddfellows has been gorgeous! I'm so happy to be doing what I do ♥
what to do today what to do ... hmm
what to do today...
What to do today.??
hmm & what to do today ^__^? feeling a lil better :)
What to do today :\
hmm what to do today!!!
What to do today
Hmm what to do today? (:
Dont know what im going to do today i just hope tomorro will be as great as yesturday <3 <3 <3
Top 3 is caused by men today!  .1. Gert Valkema .2. Ruud Kamphuis .3. Patrick .( ps:Charlene Geertsema, this has nothing to do with what we
Massive CodeMash talk progress made today. Pretty soon going to hit the "now what do I have to cut" point.
What is their to do today
What is their to do today?
Went to the electric mountain in snowdonia today, went on a tour watched the videos...and still do not understand what it does
What to do today?!?
What to do today .. who lives by cihs?
Hmmm... What to do today?...any suggestions?
Hmmmmm its the last Friday of 2011 what to do today hmmmm?!
Gotta get ready and head to work. Definitely not down for the bull today. Gonna do what I have to and leave.
what the fuck to do today
damn idk wht to do today.... something just aint right .... idk what it is
what am i going to do today cant decide
I'm supposed to do something today but I can't member what!
Hmmm.. What to do today? Decisions, decisions!
my mom gets home from work and says "guess what I forgot to do today..I forgot to put on a bra" lmfao what the hell? how do you do thattt?
So many running challenges for the new year being promoted today. What's a girl to do?
Tryna Figure Out What To Do Today
What to do today. What to do? :)
So what to do today o_O
what am i going to do today
I have no idea what to do today ..
Me: man, grandpa, idk what to do today. .Grandpa: grab a girl and fuck her. .Me:...
“@Mr_Waddell What am I to do today?” Fap?
What shall I do today? Better yet! What moves do u need to make for tomorrow - NYE???
Blahhhh idk what to do with my hair today...might go natural?
What to do today what to dooooo
Omg , what to do today ? :/
Just finished laundry . Now what to do today ?
I plan to buy my very first iPod today. Any tips? What kind should I get? Is it worth getting a touch, or do I just want a classic? How big?
I have no idea what to do today.
what to do today...??
What to do today !!!!!
What To Do Today Mhmmmmm
so . . what else is there to do today? o_O
ihave no idea what iwant to do today ., " /
haha hmm well what to do today? go shopping or not? .i say shopping (:
guess what i wanted to do today aint gone happen =/
No kids today, just sister, mom, and me. We kind of don't know what to do, so we're talking & having coffee(:
What to do today, what to do?
Just woke up from nap..what to do today
- Ion Know What To Do With Myself ; Today Has Been Thee Worst Day Of My Fucking Life!
Finally Relieved my stress now what to do today??
Only worked two hours today. Sounds good! What to do tonight!? Not surreee.
What do we say, to the god of death? ---Not Today.
I've never been so clueless as I am right now, I have no idea what I want to do today.
I DONT KNow what to do today I just finished cooking now Im bored
what to do today? and what to do tomorrow
My mama is lazy af ! She already did what she wanted to do today ...but she dont wanna take us nowhere
There is NO ROOM for NONSENSE today. Scratch all those nonsense things off your list and DO what you need to do! "Nonsense" includes...
What did i learn today????that i was born to do this A&R shyt.....if you only knew the moves i made happen throughout my day...smh
“@DAGHE I'm off today and don't know what to do with myself! Just work! :-(”
What am I goin to do today.
Real shit, what is there to do today?
I don't know what to do today and it's Friday man what really goin down
Idk what I'm going to do today
Nothing to do today... what's up?
Hmm' what to do today?
what to do ? it's my little brothers birthday today , but I dnt wanna go see him . lol
What to do today? Hmm...
i want another coffeee- 3rd one today but then i wont be able to shutttup & it'll annoy everyone . what do i do what do i do what do i do
Trying to fix lost friendship >>>>  waiting to the new year to do it<<< why wait till tomorrow or the next day what u can do today
Good Morning! .What to do today?
So what is there to do today ?
What for Andy Carroll have to do :'( he has been good today!
People need to do what I want them to today
I have no clue what to do today, I'm staying home...
What to do today yo??
What To Do With My Hair Today... Finger Waves??
-What to do today
I got everything accomplished today .. I feel good .. Just don't know what to do with my hair bc this sew in has to come out !!
What to do today?:o
What is there to do today =/
Fucking bored.. what to Do today
Hmmm what to do today??
jnsiaksjs hmm what to do today..
i want to get out of the house ! what is there to do today?
Stupid base -_- Now what am I going to do today ?
What to do today!!
So unbelievably touched by my FF's today! Thank you!!! I love what I do, for mup advice please don't hesitate to ask xxxx
Need something to do today what's going on today?
Dot put away for tomorrow what you can do today . You don't have to wait for a new year to change !
What am I going to do today?
Hmmm what to do today
hmm what to do today...
what to do today planned to snowboard ended up sittn on my couch talkin to my bong about kush but fire rudely interrupted now my eyes r red
I'm Like So Bored Hmmm What Can I Do Today I Need Some To Do
Can someone please tell me what to do today in Los Angeles?
No plans today...what to do, what to do?
What am I going to do today, it's 4:30. Nvm..
What to do today!?! Hmmmmm!!
BUT What to Do Today??? That Is The Issue. I Mean Do I Really Wanna Go To D&B Wit My Ex/Friend.
What to do today????......
What to do today......?
"The Lord calls us by what we're going to be, not by what we are today."- Bill Johnson do you see yourself through His eyes?
jdhxydbfidiyrjhkcnbsjsocns idk what to do today! mall? or 2 parties? gah.
Up , iLike Sleepin Late lol . . Hmm, Now What To Do Today ? (:
Work is going better today. Still bleh, but trying to keep my mind off it for the most part. Figuring out what I need to do for me.
What is there to do today ------
Hmm what to do today???
We Dont Know What To Do Today .
what to do today...what to do
Idk what i'm doing today..it's too pretty to not do anything tho..
I do what I have to do today .. So I can leave the world tomorrow
I can do no more today... bath has gone stone cold and I still haven't been able to figure out what the fucking problem is. Meeeeh!!!
early morning... :) hmmm what to do today..? hehhee
What to do today idont wanna be home -_-
today & tomorrow i don't have nothing to do untill night time. so what am i gunna do during the day?
want to do something today but I dont know what to do
Awake! Soooo.. What to do today
What to do today.....
Worked flew today! Hmmm what to do tonight?
What to do today? Hmmmmm...
Decaffeinated coffee :) What do I want to do today??
Ummm what to do today ?
what is there to do today
Shake~shake~shake ur LIFE up Today...u want a change let it start~COME this way...think of what ud like to do~BELIEVE~& you will see it thru
What to do today though??....
Nice LA weather today. What to do though is the question?
- Hmmm , What  am Ii about to do today : \
Spending part of today looking in the mirror and trying to figure out what exactly I'm going to do with my life in 2012
i did half of the things that i needed to do today -_______- i hate when people hold me up from doing what i need to do!
What is there to Do Today?
What in the world are we going to do today
Hmm..deciding what to do with my hair today.
Bomb ass nap doe... What to do today?? Hmm..
What to do today?.... :(
What's there to do today?! I'm ready and got nothing to do ):
What's there to do today??
Fresh of a football game, what to do today?
OMG what a boring Friday what is there to do today??
Idk what to do today:(
What am i going to do today ?
Seen two signs today that lead me different directions :/ what to do.
I'm bouta go to sleep cause it doesn't look like I'm gonna do what I wanted to do today..
What do I want to do today?
Bout to figure out what imma do today.
People waiting for tomorrow to do what they can do today...
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today. This year is not over yet! Plus tomorrow is not promised to you... Think about it.
What's there're to do today Mmmm
hmm what to do today…
What am i going to do today?
Looking forward to getting outta here today and starting my weekend! What to do...what to do.. :)
need something to do today i wonder what quintory doing might go scoop him up
What To do Today.
Humph what to do today.
Started enforcing the "I'm 18 I can do what I want" thing today. That went about as well as I expected it to.
Why chris at my head today joe.... What I do to him? Lol
I had multiple anxiety attacks today. I hate taking Xanax because I become addicted to it, but I don't know what else to do.
Got three commissions today standing on the street painting. See what I mean? You have to make your own buzz. No one's gonna do it for you.
I really dont know what to do with myself today
What is it to do today ?
rideing around tweeting what more is there to do today
So tomorrow / Today (if ure in another time zone) will be the last day of 2011, what will you do to mark it? Anything special let us know!
Im kinda tired.. Dont know what to do today too..
So, my mom decides to do my laundry today... and what happens? I come into my room to a basket full of wet clothes.
AHH what to do today/....tryna save money!
I have no idea what to do with my hair today
what to do today, what to do? ..
iwanna head to grenville today! think thats what ima do *
im still in the bed tho, what to do today?
Moms going on a roadtrip for New Year's starting today and leaving me in Jacksonville to do what I please. Pshh I'm not complainingg.
hmm, what to do today?
ionn know what ima do to this hair today
what is their to do today.... in oklahoma -_-
Chilling What am I going to do today
i dont even know what to do today
like .. what did i do today to make me so tired mm ..
feel like i need to make a youtube video today give me some ideas of what to do on it :)
What is there to do today???
Well I have plans for tonight! But what to do today on this rainy day..
" ferb . . . I know what were going to do today . "  lol
What to do today ? HMU :)
I just realized my birthday is exactly a month from today :D damn can't wait to turn 18 !!! but I still don't know what to do, help :/ lol
Mmm what to do today.  .-________-
I wonder what I'm going to do today.
I'm trying to do what's happening tomorrow ' today ' tomorrow && the next day !! Lol
Uhhh I don't know what to do today.
What to do today ??
I want to do something today.......... BUT WHAT TO DO?!
What to do today?!
What I have to do today is to maintain private car but will fall asleep at 7:30 am!!! This is the first task in 2012...
Since I don't really know what to do or have any plans for today, I guess I could just lay in bed for a while ...
What to do today.
What to do today hmmm
What Is There To Do Today ?
Sitting on my bed watching my son play on the computer..... What the f@@k to do today!!!!!!!!
what to do today?:)
i just got out of the shower i am try to see what is i am going to do today i might go down town  for a little bit or
So what I tend to do is, think of today as the past.
Yesterday  Today  Tomorrow  .... What day do we go back to school?
What to do today....i know dinner with the wife
What am i going to do today? Nothing probably just think more and more and more ;(
What's there to do today? Hmmmm....
So what is there to do today?
What to do today .. What to do today
me: *sigh* .brother: what's wrong ? want me to slap you ? .me: depends, do you feel like living today ? .brother: o_O .me: (:
Man what is it to do today .  Would go to that  tweak fest my foot fuck up
What to do today?!?!
I've got options, just not sure what I want to do today. Better at least start with a shower.
“@Delicia___: What am I going to do today!!” <-- How about textin me back for starters!
what am i going to do today though?...idk im tired of playing xbox
Hm..what to do today? (:
RT“@limonyadig What to do today...”
What to do today?(:
What's there to do today??? Tonight poppin' @ Club Empire ;]
What is it to do today??
What Is There To Do Today ? . .
So what to do today
hmmm what to do today ?
Spoon: The last FB Friday of the year! It happens at 5, so what do you want to hear today? If we have it, I'll play it.
Hopefully mom let's me use the car tonight....what is there to do today?
What am I going to do today!!
Today today today. What to do?
so what is there for me, N'kyia, && Trina to do today??? huh??? ...I'll wait.......
hummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.............what to do today!?
oh what to do today what to do today
Don't know what to fucken do today.
What's there to do today/tonight ?
Fuck tmmrow's NYE and I dnt have a clue what I ' ll do slash wear hopefully I ll get back to milwaukee today and can so some shopping
- Okayy , So What am Ii about to do today ?
What's to do today?
Making moves today. What is there to do. What are the plans ?!!
What is there to do today? :O
Bored...what's there to do today?
What is there to do today??? Hmm
So what to do today ??
What to do today? (:
What am I going to do today ?
What to do today?... i guess itll be another boring friday like the past 4 weeks /:
What  to do today
Hmmm thinking about what to do today.
What is there to do today??
Idk What To Do Today
I did everything I wanted to do today in an hour. What now?
What to do today!
Hhhhmmm , what is there to do today ??? Columbia is so damn boring ! Smh .
Hmmmmm what to do today? .Im not stayn homee
Wonder what im going to do today!
Trying to figure out what to do with my life today ...
Do What You Gotta Do Today, In Order To Do What You Wanna Do Tommrow !...
What to do today? Hm.
I don't even know what to do today!  :\
What to do today???????
I don't even know what to do today!!??:O
So what i tend to do is to think of today, as the past & start over
Idk what to do today ..
Wish I was going to the city today, hmmmm what to do..
Sigh what to do today
What to do today? Or tonight for that?
Workout 5 and 21 down. An hour of jogging/jump shots, free throws and single legged jumpers. What did you do to get better today?
What to do today ?!?
what to do today c:
Man today seems to be CRAAAAAAAWLING by! I think I might work on a craft or something. But I can't decide what to do...
what to do today ?
Idk what to do with myself today. Imma need a drink soon though.
now that i got that out of the way. what to do for today :p
I have no idea what to do today at all! Someone text me!
I dont even know what to do with today
Hmmm what to do today.....
What it there to do today?? Anybody
out of bed, finally....now what to do today?
What am I going to do today ????
What to do today Hmmmm
Hm ~ what to do today ? >.<
Humm what to do today and for new years, decisions decisions :)
What am I about to do today ?
What new objectives do you need to set today? What would be created with that focus?
watchin bfv with my sis. what to do today ?
Don't know what to do today..
One of my best friends has made me so angry & upset today that I actually don't know what to say or do. So so so very angry right now.
What is there to do today?!?!
Don't Know What I'm Going To Do Today
what to do today ? (:
Hmm what to do today ?
I'm bored but I wanna chill today what to do ?
Can someone tell me what there is to do today?
Now what I put off yesterday I have to do today..
Today was a good day. Proof what people can do if we work together and actually have enough ppl in the dept to matter.
So me and milla tryna figure out what to do today !
Hmmm... What should I do today? Got a couple of choices I'll have to choose from.
Hubby's birthday is today. The weather isn't too nice though so gotta figure out what to do.
I kinda want to do something today but I don't know what.
what to do today, what to doo.
<------ has no idea what to do today and tomorrow ...
hm , idk what to do today . . .
What am I to do today?
what to do today what to do ?
I'm starting a new project today. Can't decide if I want to do a ladybug or an owl hat and cape for baby photos.  What do you all think?
I am so pissed but it's ok I will come in on Sunday and work and catch up on what I didn't get to do today because she slow as shit
Mmmm what to do today
damn man my mood just kilt my mind for the next couple sets of moves with what i wanted to do today.
Trying to see what imma do today.
Today, this year’s last day.  .What are you going to do tonight?
what to do today .... hmmm (:
Umm yeah... Debating on what to do today and tomorrow...
don't know what to do today
What's good for today I need somethin to do
This is really fuckin up what I wanted to do today...
What is it with old ppl today?....wtheck...now this lady is telling me what to do...um excuse you?...smh
I dont even  knoe what im going to do today
What to do today?? :/
I wonder what to do today .
hey twin today is the day we need to handle or business what do wanna do?@That_Delta
Hmm...what to do today!?!?!
its 230.  what to do today
What to do today..?
Hmm what to do today .
So they called me saying were going tomorrow For Newyears Eve :) .What to do today?
Ok, my boss isn't here today. My supervisor just left. What do you think I'm going to do?
Want to get out and do something today, don't know what. I'll probably just go at some point.
Idk what to do today.
Hmm what to do today.??
What's there to do in Tampa town today??
What is to do today?
What to do today what to do
what to do today , what to do ..
What am im going to do today
I feel like a housewife-What I've done today:cleaned my room,kitchen,and bathroom; what I have to do: cook dinner and clean the living room.
*sigh* idk what to do today :/
What am I bout to do today??
Like seriously what is there to do today .
what is there to do today.....
Mmm what to do today?
What is there to do today, I want to ride bikes again, maybe down to the beach c:  .explore world wide*
What am I about to do today
what to do today? I guess ill stay home with my mom before she leaves. No make up. Hair up. Chill day! (:
what to do today szlceicrlyhgkhcdgvbknchbdghnxcbnxn
Things what I need to do today: reply to feedback on Dust 26. I think I'm over my trauma now. I hope so, at least.
What is there to do today. I have something for Sat & Sun tho.
Tom foolerly... just woke up. smh. Welp I guess I'll get up and get ready. Didn't watch the lil cousin today sooo what to do.
I'm on my house wife tip today. Cleanin, cookin, chillin. That's what Fridays do to me. Lol
well ithought ihad planss today , but shidd , what is there to do ?
I wonder what Im going to do today.
what am i going to do today?
Okay I've enjoyed this quality time with my bed but I want to get out now...what to do today!
What the fuck to do today
Hmmm... What to do today in this beautiful weather ????
What is there to do today.. I wish Flurer would get up with me since I have no way to get up with him
Ohhhhhh what to do today Twitter
I keep thinking today is NYE. Welp that's gives me a little more time to figure things out. What do you guys got going??
got my haircut......what else to do today
The whole office network is down, even the LAN. That's really gonna make it hard for me to do what I need to do today...
Needs to figure out what umma do today and tomorrow
Regardless of what happens today, earlier LFC fans were comparing RVP at 22 to AC! Seriously?! Do you honestly want me to make a fool of you
what to do today , movies at bay street , ... i d k , but going to get my nails done
All I want to do today, is figure out what I'm doing tomorrow and sleep.
What to do today , what to do ....
Yo! What the fuck to do today..
what to do today? :)
Everyone needs to have a good time today , no matter what you do
Last Day, people! Do what you have to do TODAY.
Today the last day of 2011    what do everybody want to accomplish??
What the hell is there to do today..
I don't understand how i can go from 258 to 271 followers in 1 day, and today get none, what did i do wrong? D:
“@EvaRedpath: A question for you today...If you haven’t achieved it yet, what do you have to lose?”
What to do today what to do...
What is there to do today...........
bae bday is in exactly a month from today...im still tryin to see what I wanna do for him otha den get him da js on da 21
It Feels Love Outside, But Im Still Wondering What To Do Today.
What to do today? :)
so tiredddddddd what to do today :x
What's there for me to do today
What is there to do today??? Bored af
What is there to do in the Mile High today????
Me & hillary need a motive for today, but we don't know what the fuck to do...
What to do today & night . . ?
Trying to figure out what to do today.
What to do today, hmm.
Guess what I get to do today! Root canal. Guess what I get to do tomorrow! Wisdom teeth extraction. Guess what I get to do on the 1st!
What is there to do today sprint center
what the hell to do today ?
What am I going to do today..??
Mhmmm...what to do today its nice outside.?
Sooo what to do today?
what is there for me to do today?
Kinda sick but what is there to do today
What to do today!? Hmmm..
What an amazing year!Take time today, -last business day of '11, to write down all you accomplished. Reflect on positives -what you did do.
What to do today.... What to do...
What to do Today
idk what to do today<3
Gonna see what Joelle and Ianna want to do today :)
What to do, what to do today?!
What to do today. Any ideass?
John C. Maxwell~ Good executives never put off until tomorrow what they can get someone else to do today.
Hmmm what to do today...
Until we find out what to do today , i'm coolin .
Off of work, what to do today
Booooom Its Friday What Is there to do Today ' !
I'm just trying to get out of this house today. I don't really give a fuck what I do. I just want to leave.
humphh what to do today/tonight
Need To Flat Iron My Hair But Don' Feel Like It Idk What Imma Do Today
so bored, what to do today.....
What to do today ..
Idk what to do today
I want to do something today but I don't know what....
What's there to do today in the good ol Dusty??
What to do today? Anybody wanna chill?
What you propose to do today?
Weeeellp, nothing to do today. Wiff my cousin :) Last day for her in Texas. What to do...
What to do today.. What to do...
What is it to do today just got off
Hmmm what to do today?
What Is There Possibly To Do Today ?
just woke up, today is my lazy day...what to do..
What to do today?? Hmmmm
Hummm....what am i going to do today?
what to do today?????
I wanna do something today, but Idk what to do?
What to do today.. Hm..
Up. What to do today/tonight?
Hmmm what to do today.??:)
hmm...what am i going to do today ?
Aww yall know what I forgot to do today , smh it skipped my mind
Today is the last day of 2011. I lost my dreams. I have no confidence to face 2012. What should I do? Please, show me the way, God..
No work today, what should I do to entertain myself today.
"@PastorWelton: Your NEW begins NOW! Why put off til tomorrow what you have the power to do today! Happy New YOU!"
Ah what to do today. .-.
What to do with myself today??
I don't even know what I'm going to do later on today now..
Ahh , what is there to do today .. GmbH , shopping !
What am I going to do today?  .I feel better
what to do today.. what to do....
dont know what to do today
What to do today?;p
I Forgot I Had Work Today , Washed My Hair & Now Idk What To Do With It .
Fuck What you herd like my dick against yo eardrum...y?? Y do u want to make me mad today?? -__-
What to do today?? What to do today??
I don't know what to do with hair today.
what to do today ?????
so idk what to do today i feel dead rite now
People aren't doing what I want then to do today. I think my smile is broken!! Lol
WHAT TO DO TODAY? Oh yea, criminal minds :)
idk what i want to do today!
What to do today...what to do...?
What to do today? Such a nice dayyy
I'm starving !! Need to get up shower & go be with my baby . What shall we do today !?!
I've done everything but what I've needed to do today.
What Is There To Do Today
Im on my libra shit heavy today!!! I cant make up my mind!!! Idk what to do, I'm super indecisive!!!
I Mean What's To Do Today?
What to do today :/
*sigh* what to do today...what to do today?
ugggh I dont know what to do with my hair today !
What to do today !?
