Can't believe the year has passed so fast! There is going to be a lot of fun new additions to Wrenn jewelry in the new year!
Can't believe I'm stuck babysitting tonight
Can't believe what happened..
I can't believe it's already new years eve... this year flew by!
Can't believe One Direction is more important than New Years Eve...
Can't believe I won't see Luke again until next year now. Oh well, happy new period of time, people :)
gotta hand in my license of being good with computers. Can't believe the mistake I just made -,-
I can't believe my mom left me home with nothing to eat  ! this is freaking bananas mann !
Wow can't believe the line up beside my kiosk for the Shaw secret sale... They must have done some good marketing!!!
Can't believe my dad last night wow asshole that's all I have to say
Can't believe it's the last day of the year.....oh how time flies!
I Can't Believe The End Is Really Here.
I can't believe I'm working tomorrow.
Can't believe I have spent eve with this stomach ache and now in bed..damn should have not eaten that much!
Can't believe how sick I feel. Not just about Man Utd but I'm never ill.
I can't believe I go back to MTL monday!!! Crazy!! But I'm happy to go back. I miss it!
Can't believe I just did that shit...I honestly don't know how to feel right now...
Man had a blast night partying it up wit mom,zia,&there crew! I can't believe I'm at work right now! But thank god I get out early today! :D
My new new phone need to come.. Can't believe I got dis phone for xmas nd my lil sis cracked my screen
Can't believe how nice it is outside
Can't believe that comment about them saying' woman ??' How rude ! On fb
OMG I can't Believe
i still can't believe how December went by so fast...
I can't believe that it's nye and I still don't have official plans
I can't believe I'll never see you again
can't believe i'm saying this but.. happy new year!!
Also can't really believe that its like pitch black and we're just up.
I can't believe how dirty Zahara is right now
I want tonight to end magical gawd, like something I can't believe ..
can't believe all the jonas related trending topics these past few days. jonas fans really are the best
I actually can't believe it
I still can't believe. Please back to June or July.....
I can't believe you .
Omg I cnt believe dis year went by so fast can't wait til next year. A whole new me.
I can't believe how fast this year has flown over! It's been such a good year though! Happy New Year everyone! :)
I can't believe what she did four times
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE I SAW THEM LIVE
I can't believe it's been a year since I didn't become a better person.
I can't believe he called me
Can't believe thatt
Can't believe the way I left the house. Don't give a sh*t. Better not be any gorgeous hunks at the post office.
Can't believe it's been a year since last NYE omg how things change!
i really can't believe this. lol
Can't believe i let that bitch bring her misery in my atmosphere! !! Making me fuss wid my boo. .... smh
Morning everyone. Happy Saturday!  Can't believe it's New Year Eve, enjoy.
Awww my little teeky JUST now opening his eyes. I can't believe he slept so long.
Can't believe it's new years eve already
I can't believe that I need to say goodbye to this year :'(
I Can't Believe I'm Still Drowsy From That Nyquil I Took Last Night.
Can't believe I just cut that much of my hair off
OMG . I can't believe my heart just went asdfghjkl with SHINee !!
Hello girlfriend & boyfriend, I'm fifteen this year ! I just can't believe that ! Boooooooo
I can't believe I have already went trough another twelve months of absolute ups and downs
I can't believe I'm gonna be right next to Chris Brown tonight.
I can't believe tonight is new years eve!
Can't believe this loool -_-
Wow I actually can't believe how fast this year has gone its unreal weird
Can't believe it's a new year sigh.
Can't believe I'm still in my pj's ;)
OMGG SPM next year?? I can't believe this T___T
I can't believe what I did last night
Can't believe noahs uncle paiyam has just asked noah to pull his finger to allow him to trump! Teachin my boy bad habits already lol
I can't believe I did this, like I really can't believe it
Can't believe how much weight I've put on. Hating my body & all my clothes right now :'(
I CAN COOK! I CAN'T BELIEVE! I DID MUFFINS AND THEY'RE SO TASTY! :D
Can't believe that I only woke up and hour ago :/
Can't believe it
I can't believe how much sad and desperate people there are in the world hahaha
I still can't believe I'm bussing an hour and a half just to go to the gym
Can't believe I'm awake right now
This years gone soo fast can't believe it.. But loved this year think it was one of my best year.
I can't believe I woke up on my own .:$
Can't believe it's already new years eve.. Time had been flying. New years resolutions anyone?
saw cristo redentor today, and it was awesomeee, so much people here, I can't believe I'm in Rio for new years, what a dream!
Can't believe I've just met Dylan Hartley....
can't believe i'm still jailed. rubbish.
I can't believe Ryan gosling was skanking in the pit at the mighty mighty bosstones show last night!
Can't believe another year is about to be in the past
Damn, can't believe she got shot!!! Probably her fault *shrugs* she iight though
Can't believe I let myself get like this.
I actually still can't believe my cousin called pete fat!
Can't believe Amanda killed herself. She seemed so happy when I went to school with her last year. How can you hide that kind of depression?
I can't believe im up
lol i can't believe every year people do the same old 'ahh im going to change' 'this is my year' its getting real boring now..
I still can't believe Brock lesnar retired
Bapak ah do, can't believe it I'm sitting PMR this year *slams head on desk*
I can't believe NYE is here!
Ya Allah I still can't believe Im form four nowwww. Time flies really fast, subhanallah.
I can't believe its new years eve!!
Yo I can't believe i did that.
Can't believe I survived all that food from Fogo last night.
Can't believe Big Buford is tore up and it wasn't even moving it was parked on the damn street wtf
I can't believe i watching SHINee now . Freaking hot babe !!!
Can't believe imma do this
I can't believe it's NYE already.....this is crazy.....this year has gone by wayyy to fast...#crazystuff
My pops said the drugs n music goes hand in hand… i don't believe him but he can't be lying
I can't believe I got a cold =(
Can't believe its about to be the end of this year!
I can't believe i'm going to anchorage for new years. Wish I moved to anchorage
Bitch I'm gettin tipsy, I ball like Nowitzki, she said she can't believe so she call Me ripley
"@TPCrook: I can't believe I'm even saying this: Harry and Niall are hot." YESSSSSSSS
Lol. I can't believe it myself. I used to stick myself to the screen when SHINee sings. But I was like taking my time to text now.
I can't believe that today is the last day of the year :')
spongebob square pants is funnier to watch now then when I was a kid. can't believe my parents let me watch this so young.
Really can't believe united lost that one, kean is proving everyone wrong now.
Can't believe its new years eve....
I can't believe it's this dark already, i hate it. It makes me think that it's really late when it's not.
I can't believe mark and kevin are trending. how sad :-( x
Oh my gosh, I can't believe it. I've never been this far away from home
I can't believe some of the dreams I've been having lately smh idk what they mean .
I can't believe he is going to make me do this and with out telling me ahead of time fuck that-__-
Can't believe another year is practically over.
I can't believe russell brands and katy perry are divorcing! I loved them
If I can't hold it in my hands.. Or feel it in my heart- then I won't believe it
GoodMorning twitter :) i can't believe today my birthday.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS KID JUST CALLED ME HUMAN
Wow, can't believe Ivan Lendl has signed on to be Andy Murray's new coach!  That is HUGE news in the tennis community!
I can't believe is new year eve already =) gotta hit the gym in a few... No pain no game ;)
Protein shake is in order...I can't believe I busted out a workout after drinking all night and no breakfast
Can't believe I've been using vim for years w/o this .vimrc / Makefiles with tabs not spaces: autocmd FileType make setlocal noexpandtab
I can't believe Fedor Emelianenko beat Satoshi Ishii in the first round by KO. Fedor has to join the UFC soon.
Can't believe this yr is over already :-)
Can't believe I have to miss the game, ughhhhhhhhhhhhh.
can't believe what a shit year it's been . Finally it's almost over !!!
I still can't believe it's New Years Eve already. Wtf.
I can't believe I deactivated my Facebook page, I'm kind of happy doe
Love Mark and Kevin so much, can't believe it. So sad :'((
I still can't believe how fast this year has gone by..
CAN'T BELIEVE HOW REMEMBER ME ENDS OMFG
I honestly can't believe we're gonna be in a new year already. I thought this year would never come.. I'm ready for it though ;)))
I still can't believe herc is gone, I miss my baby.
I can't fucking believe this. Wow
Can't believe I didn't charge my phone last night
Oh my GOD i can't believe what this toilet is saying, it's full of shit.
Oh my hopes are high, but my eyes....can't believe what they see
“They don’t hate you because you can’t sing Justin, they’re jealous because you have something to believe in." - Scooter Braun. aw so sweet
Can't believe it's been an entire year since I haven't become a better person
I can't believe it's New Years Eve...
I can't believe it's new years eve.
I can't even think this year it's getting to the end... it's really hard to believe!
Can't believe I work a double today and tomorrow. What. The. Fuck.
I can't believe it
Damn it's been a good year can't believe it's almost over
I can't believe I'm up rite now
had a wonderful year. can't believe it's over.
Can't believe that man united let Blackburn win !!! Keen and furguson phone chat mid week a co-incidence !!!
Can't believe things happened the way they did.
I can't believe this is my second time doing this
I can't believe that the time has gone so fast .
I can't believe him.
I can't believe there making us go back to school Monday, it should at least be Tuesday
Can't believe I go back to school in eight days..
OMFG the year is almost over I can't believe it.
I can't believe I did that lol
I can't believe you did this to me twitter. Uhuks uhuks.
My dad is so dramatic ! Lol "I can't believe I have a GROWN princess" smh your right dad I am a princess haha
Starving to death.. I can't believe my lactose intolerance came back. I can't even eat cereal
Am I seventeen oledi?Am I gonna face spm soon bish?Ah I can't believe time flies this too fast ):
Can't believe my baby brother is bossing me around 
I still can't believe it.
I can't believe it's new years eve already
Can't believe I'm going to miss the UK & Louisville game bc of work. Sad day
Can't believe man utd lost to blackburn :/ thanks ref...
I can't believe its the last day of the year.
I hate Power Rangers. Can't believe i loved it when i was a kid
Fml I can't believe my cd got scratched :(
Sometimes I honestly can't believe how selfish and mean people can be for Nooo reason . Makes my heart sad for them.
Can't believe tomorrow will be four years
i can't believe it's new years. boy time waits for no one.
At da nail shop...can't believe I got straight n da chair....
I can't believe today is NYE. This year went by way too fast! Where does the time go?
I can't believe this chick, she gave away all my shit
Tonight is going to be so shit, still can't believe he's gone xxxx
I can't believe it's about to be a New Year.. Time really does fly.
I can't believe fucking Keisha called me stupid , saying I should be a blond & shit. shut the fuck up.
Can't believe blackburn have beat man u made my day! Haha
TheSexyKnitter I can't believe how quickly it arrived!! Very excited. :-)BmjRbG
Still can't believe you're getting married now.
I can't believe I'm still in bed lol
Can't believe the NYE weather in NYC. Can't remember the last time it was so mild
Can you believe it's the end of the year? I can't!
I don't believe in new years resolutions. They've always failed me before. I can't change for the better worth crap! -_-
Cried a little cause i can't believe i survived a shitty year. I'm so proud of myself! :')
Still thinkin to myself I can't believe this mutha fucka did that....wow...bitch ass move
Still Can't believe I left all my good running shoes at college ... Damn
CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S NEW YEAR'S EVE :O
I wanna stay In tonight... Can't believe I'm saying this
I can't believe how much I missed my cat
Lls, can't believe he ask me that.
:D RT "@Tash_Yiing: Can't believe it's been a year since I haven't become a better person."
i can't believe I'm sick on New Year's Eve... and stuck at home. :( hope you guys have a great time!!!
Morning...need to make a trip to the barbers...can't believe its New Years eve already...#Breakisflying
I'll always love Jaitlin they are just too cute! Can't believe how many things have changed
Can't believe it's already new years eve ! :)
Dinner for One!! Anybody?? With Freddy Frinton! C'mon guys & gals!! I can't believe I've hit a wall with this classic!! Google it!!
Can't believe the year has cme to an end already GOSH.!
i can't believe it.. twitter is back!
adoro essa parte --> Must have stabbed her fifty fucking times, .I can't believe it...
can't believe i just went out looking like i do... how embarrassing.
"Wow I can't believe you guys are open" -_- the only reason we're open is because people like you feel the need to get their car washed now
Can't believe I'm having a bull n cow with a chap in Nigeria about Super.
Happy new year, can't believe we're dying soon. :o
i can't believe it's New Year's Eve already , smh .
Can't believe Russel Brand chucked Katy Perry, stupid man
What a year?! I can't believe its gone already... time flies...
I can't believe I'm gonna say this but I enjoyed New Year than Christmas. Seems like the world has gone upside down! Haha!
Must have stabbed her fifty fucking times, .I can't believe it, .Ripped her heart out right before her eyes, .Eyes over easy, eat it eat it...
I can't believe that I have been into at least a dozen security check points on the road to sharm! The road is filled with army and police
I can't believe I'm such a daddykid
I can't believe people wait an ENTIRE to want to change or to do some shit you can do any other day. Blows my mind
key_kellykelly Can't believe people are more concerned that it isn't a One Direction dude, that is j
Can't believe I'm actually saying this - but get in there Cardiff!!
Last year at this time it was freeeeezing. Can't believe this weather right now! That must mean spring will be horrific.
can't believe i'm bout to cop Wu-Tang Forever. Again.
It's the last day of the year !!!! Can't believe ittttttttt
Can't quite believe that Andy Murray is going to be coached by Ivan Lendl.  So cool!
I can't believe I just got told to get dressed somewhere else because I was an embarrassment! All this because I'm wearing a dress tonight.
I Can't Believe I Only Got Four Hours Of Sleep.
Adam Couple dance + sing Trouble Maker :X:X:X AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA i can't believe but is true !!!!!!!!!   DREAM COME TRUE!!!
You should have helped me get ready. I'm not happy about ANY of this! You are so unthoughtful and mean and I can't believe this is how it's
Still can't believe what happened the other night... That's was so weird... :S
omg i can't believe i got so lucky
Can't believe I'm gonna be drinking again fml!
I can't believe he asked me if I had nappy hair lmao
Happy New Year ^O^ I can't believe school's starting soon -,-
Can't believe I have to go to this stupid fucking party and miss Gaga's performance tonight -_-
can't believe u Said that
actually can't believe how fast this year has gone... easily been the best year so far
The thought of the lads coming here in a few months time is just so surreal! I just can't believe it.
I can't believe I walked that far
Man U lose to backburn...can't believe it...
shittttt just woke up, I can't believe I slept thru za countdown :o fuck....oh well HAPPY NEW YEARS XD
tweeting is like a sport. all these people saying "you suck" and "I can't believe I followed you". it's just way to funny how serious it is.
Can't believe how many retweets that got! Bloody hell. Looks like a lot of people hate new years eve too!
I can't believe the yr is over though. It went by fast
Can't believe I'm not going out tonight I'm actually gutted... :(
Can't believe its NYE ! ! ! Going to be eating somewhere....
our Heechul just tweeted. I can't believe it..! seriously, like.. he's already done with his national service..?
I can't believe its NYE I remember last years like it was yesterday.
I believe that hee can't resist his desire to tweeting on the new year's eve lol
I can't believe I'm receiving the new year sick. That's not a good sign.
Can't believe I am still sick! Sigh.. Gonna be a lame night -_-
I really can't believe that I didn't remember what it was that you forgot to tell me
I still can't believe I haven't did something terrible to this dude..guess I'm changing
Wow, I just can't believe it and it's hard to believe it.
Are you fucking kidding me? I can't believe he's really outside my window with a damn hammer. I'm about to yell & throw things.
I can't believe my eyes!!!! Walcott!!! theres a new meaning to WTF (Walcott The Fail) :(
Can't believe twitter got Over Capacity at start of football =\
can't believe its already NYE, time flew this year
can't believe he quiet
I can't believe it's already New Years Eve. Time flies.
can't believe my brothers actually engaged, omg it's too good.
i can't believe it's already new years eve.
Can't believe Walcott missed that chance, smh.
I can't believe Katy Perry and Russell Brand are getting a divorce!
can't believe they didnt fire her...fuck that place..time to find another job!
Wow I can't believe someone had the audacity to email me to tell me to remove my watermarks on MY OWN photos because they annoy her? wtf
can't believe this year is over!!
“@Sabotage_Virgo Smh I can't believe you numba!”-- I can't believe you lol
i can't believe Manchester United lost today... sad much :(
Happy NYE tweeties. We're getting ready to celebrate out at Red Corral Ranch tonight. Can't believe how beautiful Austin's weather is today.
Can't believe I'm sat here on new years eve welling up watching Steps Reunion sigh
Talking to my dad,... I can't believe I'm crying smh
I can't believe he's making me take the fckn lightrail to NEWPORT! At a mall ihate ! .. The princes doesn't take LightRails !!!!
Can't believe ill be going into a new year w/o Randy!! It really does hurt, but God got him so I wont complain! I LOVE YOU BIG BRUH!
I CAN'T BELIEVE MY BROTHER'S GOING TO CHICAGO WITHOUT ME! *INSERT MAGNIFICENT WORDS OF PROFANITY*
Can't believe Theo never tucked that away
I just can't believe this
I really can't believe this shit
I can't believe my grandma had a lace front on asking me how she look lol
I can't believe dat dis year is over! Fank u God for mking me see dis day!
Can't believe I actually got up and cooked breakfast this morning
Can't believe how much weight i have put on over last week, I am now a fat thin person lol
Im officially a form four student. It's not a honeymoon year and I have to struggle more. Ooh I can't believe two years to go, then im out!
I can't believe I am on fuckin call I hope these bitches don't call me like really though
i can't believe this year will be over at midnight.
I really can't believe I danced last night. And made more money than the Damn strippers Lmao
LOL! Kwon! I can't believe it. LOL
Wow, can't believe he missed
I usually don't even tweet about this kind of shit but what the fuck...like that was such a low blow. I can't believe I ever trusted her.
Can't believe i just said to someone 'Happy Birthday' when he told me 'Happy New Year' Seriously. -_-
I can't believe Semedo broke twitter km
Oh ... Can't believe its a new year again. Time goes fast .
me til can't believe aston villa miss that shot lol
Can't believe this time last year I was in Sydney, drunk, happy and sitting on some rocks in the harbour. How time flies.
I can't believe you, Twitter. And the internet too. Double-fucking-whammy.
I can't believe today a new year starts!!! ♥
I can't believe that asdfghjkl. Omg omg omg jumped like an idiot lol.
Can't believe today's NYE
Can't believe I sold my ticket to today's game-- UK>UofL
Can't believe back at school on Wednesday... That has to be the most depressing thing ever! Need to start revising :(
i'm officially up . time to start my day .. i can't believe its NYE !!
can't even believe it's been almost a year :(
Spending time with Teej, doing stelas hair, craving cheesecake pancakes, can't believe its new years eve
Can't believe it's that time of year again.
Wow this weather is amazing right now! Can't believe it.
I miss my sister so much can't believe she will only be home for a few weeks and moving back again ;( love the little random texts we send
really can't believe my grandmom died
I honestly can't believe work still has to come before me.. Especially today.
Can't believe I got a sore throat on New Year' Eve!!! T^T
Can't believe my baby slept in this long ! Yes!
I can't believe it!!
its like forgetting, the words to your favorite song. You can't believe it, you were always singing along.
can't believe Twitter broke for half an hour, omg i was spazzing out, ahah.
Can't believe Blackburn beat Man Utd ha ha
I can't believe the year I graduate in is hours away wooaaahhhh
Can't. Believe. New Year doesn't surprises me, but this, does.
Can't believe I'm at work
GOD DAMMIT. To the Binding of Isaac dev, for the love of god please check your code, I can't believe I pretty much cleared this thing over.
ay yo! can't believe this is the last day of the year.
Walcott just missed that can't believe it.
Ugh can't believe its new year and I have nothin to do GRR
can't believe it's new years eve already
And I hope you're holding hands by new years eve, they made it far too easy to believe that true romance can't be achieved these days...
So I just got a chance to watch the Sixers game from last night. Can't believe we missed so many foul shots down the stretch.
i can't believe i actually missed out donghae just now
Can't believe it's NYE already!
can't believe its saturday :(
omggggg I can't believe that this is the last day of the year!
i'm so hurt and i can't even believe this, of all men you were the one i most respected then you pull this shit? fuck you.
i can't believe i feel so lost when twitter is down
sitting here watching BET.....I can't believe I'm watching this lol
Can't believe how much I cared about Twitter not working.
I'm in a dress and high heels. Still can't believe it. LOL
New years in Rustenburg - pretty chilled out...  Can't believe ALY & AJ  are following me or do they follow back all their followers?
I still can't believe this bitch called the boys on me this morning
ahahha omg i can't believe it... get a life!
Good morning great followers...i can't believe I'm up this early on a saturday
Can't believe man united lost I wanted them to win man united all they way !!
GM Tweet hearts! Happy New Year Eve! Can't believe this yr is ov. It has been a rough yr for me&my Fam, but thru it all God is good❤
- can't believe what I saw on my TL.
Can't believe I have to go to base tomorrow. This vacation went by way too quickly
Yeayyy! I just called her :') Can't believe I did that :D haha
Up. Can't believe school next next week
Can't believe that College Football Season is allmost Over!!
Can't believe my christmas tree is already down:(
Im so fucked rite now I still can't believe this stuff
ahahahahah, I can't believe my dad just asked me if i wanted to spend tonight at his house....Bitch it's fucking New Years Eve
May the human race finally attempt to redeem itself this year. I don't believe in hope. But I can't possibly fight this battle alone.
I can't believe its the last day of the year, it flew by!
Hahaha ahhh I still can't believe Rafael played as a central midfielder today. Get Götze in tomorrow!
Up and at em today, can't believe its New Years Eve!!!!
Omg I can't believe where am I at right Omg lol wowwwwww!
Still can't believe my lil cousin is in a coma... GOD please watch over him!
Cried quite a bit today, can't believe this years all over! Its shown me who i really am, that i should be proud to be who i am!
am finally awake, can't believe how long I slept for..
can't believe this years coming to an end, so much has happened that I can't decide if its been a good year or a bad year.
Can't believe I'm this sick on New years eve, this is bs! :(
Can't believe I'm going to Australia in almost a month dayyyummm I am excited!
Can't believe it's new year eve !
I Can't believe My BaE Gone Meet My OG :-)
i can't believe i didn't get tickets tho. i sure woulda flipped them hoes.
damn i can't believe this year went by so quick , learned alot at least .
I'm already Sixteen right now , can't believe it .
Can't believe it's New Years eve.
Can't believe i am bout to bak in class on wed :-(
These are my views only, but I can't believe people are angry about former gang member Chris Preddie, receiving an OBE. He abandoned drug...
Never thought I'd see the day that I'd unfriend our old drummer. Can't believe how much of an asshole he is now. Enjoy your girlfriend, lol
I can't believe its new years eve like its really hard to believe this year went fast as hell !
can't believe thats another year over.. madnesss!!
Ahhh! Can't believe its new years eve already!
i can't believe i was sitting since last year! :P
Can't believe its christmas eve today soo much to do best get on it!!bxMfC
I can't believe I wake up to this shit!, I really was tryna fuck it up tonight!
I can't believe its already New Years Eve!!!! Everyone be safe & not sorry ;)
Damn can't believe lesnar lost
I wanna wish all of ya a happy new year from now..my twitter goin bit cray. I can't believe I am stayin in!! Wow! All partied out x
Its soo beautiful out like omg i really can't believe this weather right now
I have some exchanges to do today. I can't believe this man has bought me countless amounts of shoes, and still bought the wrong size
I can't believe I ran to see Harry its probably the most exercise I've done all year
Can't believe that we kissed lastnight........what!!!???
Sometimes I can't still can't believe why you give me your attention. Am thankful for that. Thanks for listening and replying.
In other words you can bring the truth to folks, but can't force em to believe in it or to take heed of it
Wow I can't even believe this years over ...
I'm so sick today. I can't believe
I can't believe I haven't found plans for the night yet.
I can't believe its new years eve,already
My mom is just unbelievable right now .
I get to see Bobby Clarke, and Bernie Parent play a game today, live. That's so unbelievable to me.
I never expect that. It's totally unbelievable. Maybe that's already proven that somehow what matter the most wasn't the age.
Unbelievable. You are unbelievable right now.
Is unbelievable beyond hungry. Paninis anyone?
The certain shit sum females take pride in is beyond unbelievable!
Wow unbelievable how drunk we were last night
your so fucking unbelievable. Fuck off bitch
So out of breath right now it is unbelievable.
always amazes me what arshavin's capable of sometimes: ie the unbelievable composure/accuracy of that pass, and the "women who smoke" line
Unbelievable. Torres unlucky, that's a suprise.
Wow Torres, unbelievable strike. Cannot wait for Drogba to fuck off to Acon now. Needs his chance.
There's being in good form, then there's being Robin van Persie. Unbelievable record.
Angel__Bee also - Unbecoming of Mara Dyer by MichelleHodkin.  Unbelievable writing and damn sexy her
Van Persie scores again for Arsenal. He's been unbelievable this year.
You just have to admire RvP at this time. He's unbelievable.
I'm so lazy, its unbelievable.. In Austin & I'm really not tryna get ready for the day.
Wow, God sure knows just the right thing to do! God gives gifts from unbelievable places!
This weather is so unbelievable
unbelievable from Walcott, not even on target.
Things become unbelievable when you no longer have to imagine them.
This joyride thing is unbelievable convenient. Gonna sink into food again!!
Unbelievable miss by Walcott. And he thinks he should be striker. Useless.
Ooooh dear! Wallcott is such a childish player, Henry will show you how to dougie! Daah unbelievable
That was unbelievable how did he miss -_____-
All that we had was so unbelievable. Now that is gone . It's just inconceivable.
Its unbelievable how unbelievable you are.
Your Such A Liar It's Unbelievable. Your So Confused its Rediculious.  .Your So Dum It's Crazy. .Your Sucha Hoe It's Natural.
Superb result by Blackburn. Unbelievable Jeff
This is unbelievable
Lights All Night...unbelievable.
of all the places I've lived florida has to have the worst drivers  anywhere, unbelievable!
Lmmfatfo!!!! This man is parched! The thirst is so real its unbelievable!!!
Can't change booking? Unbelievable.
The fog on this interstate is unbelievable! I feel blind.. Smh
its unbelievable how much of a bitch my mom is, I'll never be like that with my kids
Best of the best .Impassioned .Gorgeous .Tasty .Irreplaceable .Magnificent .Excellent .Rule the world .Unbelievable .Sensational .Handsome     BTR
I made so much progress this week...it's unbelievable. :)
I can't believe I actually watched The Jersey Shore... It's unbelievable how pathetic they actually are.
it feels like April... this weather is unbelievable
Wow. During the Holocaust, Bayer, the global pharmaceutical company, would buy Jewish prisoners to conduct experiments on. SMH. Unbelievable
Sitting in the middle of the crowd, in unbelievable position-,-
It's unbelievable how shit I am at ironing
In such a bitchie mood it is unbelievable. Everything is pissing me off.
The amount of explosives in this village is unbelievable, makes for a great firework show though
chef chasing a rat on a motorbike.. ratatouille you are so unbelievable.
Dubai mall unbelievable!!!!
Sooooo I just reached Zouk and the crowd is unbelievable, worst than X'mas night.
Unbelievable that we haven't scored yet. Great possession, good chances, shit ref, hope this won't have Wolves all over again.
Unbelievable.... Relax Ray....relax!
Its sooo unbelievable!!
New Years Eve....a band you can really dance to, unbelievable food, No Cover & the APPLEHEAD just arrived!
“@pretty_nisah Going into a new year witout my sister shit is unbelievable!!”
Mom, you're never doing my hair again. Not after this disaster. It's unbelievable that you like it :|
Still more than a year away and all the stores have their Christmas stuff up already. Unbelievable.
Going into a new year witout my sister shit is unbelievable!!
Last Day of the year and that means unbelievable deals on all instock vehicles "Sunny will save you Money
Thanks for the most unbelievable thing that happened in the the last five months
Twitter is down.  This will force me to talk to my wife and children tonight.  Unbelievable.
Might consider getting a bus pass, the amount of money I spend on public transport is unbelievable.
Omg the butterflies for tonight are unbelievable!
The queues in Sainsburys are unbelievable. And I couldn't get any limes for the Moscow Mules.
People are just unbelievable sometimes
Is so pissed off its unbelievable
My mother has me so tight it's unbelievable.
family is my everything. its times like these that remind me how lucky i am and how unbelievable THEY are!
Almost time for the new year. Unbelievable.
How can the ref book the wrong player! Unbelievable!
Unbelievable things are sometimes possible!
You little bitch. You are unbelievable. Stick your nose in someone else's relationship you cunt.
Lets make this night unbelievable
If u believe then the unbelievable becomes possible
its unbelievable how excited i am for tonight to get a drink. i am not an alcoholic, just a bit hyperactive..
Can't believe united performance today...unbelievable
I don't think any penalty decision will come our way.. UNBELIEVABLE!!
In d spirit of d new beginning, waiting for d countdown at MO. crowd is unbelievable. So thankful, we r able to usher d new year peacefully.
Yes they can ! Unbelievable ! Happy birthday fergie.
Wow, it's almost a new year...this is unbelievable!
I know its unbelievable, whelps bxtch you better believe it
Unbelievable Fergie should of played lindegard  ,de gea is soo shit nd fergies tactics were appalling and awful
Richard Max,He's in Shanghai what unbelievable guest!!!!
Come on Spurs watching soccer saturday Kammy as legendry as ever "unbelievable Jeff"
Wow how time flies... Unbelievable.
Koscielny having another stormer! Unbelievable improvement in him this season.
Can't believe Keysha is rockin the danceflo... Better than me!!! Unbelievable kid....
Heenim,, still not is TT World!??? JINJJA!?? unbelievable ~~
The amount of junk food I consume per day is unbelievable.
Unbelievable things can sometimes be possible -Tim Tebow
I have unbelievable tekkers at chopping, Gordon Ramsey styleeee
No tweets on Tweetdeck since I signed off last night? I find that curious and unbelievable.
Unbelievable how fast this year has flown by... It was one of the most interesting, rewarding, happy, and maturing years of my life
Literally only turned on Gillette Soccer Saturday and I'm greeted by an "unbelievable Jeff" from Kammy the wee rascal
Unbelievable how over protective my mam is:-(
Can we talk about how unbelievable this weather is on NEW YEARS EVE??!  What the flip squad!
Waiting on the train platform has reaffirmed that no matter how bad those players on the pitch play, the fans off it are truly unbelievable.
I love Chris Kamara :') 'unbelievable Jeff'
Unbelievable scenes Jeff
Seriously. How Andrea can run so fast in heels is. Unbelievable
Not everything about today's football has been depressing - at least Leeds got smashed in by Barnsley. Hat-trick for Vaz Te. Unbelievable.
I know this sounds weird, but its so unbelievable being able to see so perfectly with contacts in:)
Nest of rats raining down upon the Turtleman. Unbelievable live action!
My mum is trying to kill me!! She is so crap its unbelievable
Unbelievable headache!
happy new year's eve...  unbelievable day for a winter wedding.
I hate waking up to a bad dream....sh*t was unbelievable...smh
I had an unbelievable time with a friend :]
Am I that unbelievable?
Last new years eve is gonna be hard to beat, unbelievable.
im unbelievable like nicki's butt .
My phone battery is soo bad its unbelievable
Mike Teevee kicks an unbelievable amount of ass!
As I sit n think of ALL I been thru the Good the bad the ugly the unbelievable but I can honestly say God has been my refuge...
Oh God , Megan Fox ohhh she is unbelievable , she is beautiful , amazin' girlllllllll
Wow some people are unbelievable
Unbelievable result for Rovers at OT. Happy Birthday Fergie!
Kids just get lazier.. Automatic bicycles???! Haha. Unbelievable!!
"@jmonterrosaaa: there's so many memories with lainey it's unbelievable" dumb & dumber :) I'm jus dumb tho, ur dumber
Omg its like a spring day! Unbelievable!
Unbelievable Facts » Search engine marketing best dating website
Unbelievable by blackburn, I knew Steve keen wasn't all that bad, true underdog victory
“@CSLewisDaily: When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.”
De Gea didn't make a save in d game. How are we gonna win if u can't clear ur lines or stay d fuck in line. Unbelievable
Mike Teevee kicks an unbelievable amount of ass!!!
Ray delays the start of the meeting after realizing no one from admin is coming to present the budget. "unbelievable," she says.
Seeing unbelievable amounts of people I know in MK. Grim.
I set out to do the impossible like an open fist,Achieve the unbelievable like throwing Open Pit,The last line refers to flying saucers,
there's so many memories with lainey it's unbelievable
"You look so beautiful its unbelievable" pssht *blush*
My life is mildly unbelievable...don't even really want to go out tonight anymore
“When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.” - CS Lewis
Ray: 'This is unbelievable.'
I'm so excited to play Skyrim again, it's unbelievable.
..explanation..it was unbelievable and I am still shocked..just when I was losing my faith God showed me why he is the one and only Omega
This dude is telling me about some hoodrat he took out on a date last night. Unbelievable lol
UNBELIEVABLE..... Nothing beats De gea's generiousity today
It's truly unbelievable how much a person can change to be worse..
Victory at Old Trafford, unbelievable #
What a great result for Steve Kean! But Manchester United? Unbelievable! Question marks against David De Gea's goalkeeping, I'm embarrassed!
unbelievable Blackburn! so happy for Steve Keane, plus anyone who sinks united at old Trafford deserves a lot of respect.
unbelievable how much louder my speakers go when my parents are out, oh how i long to live alone
Wow! So many Man United haters, unbelievable, sign of huge dominance, mind you it's a marathon not a spirit..
It is unbelievable how poor Nani was today
Just left old Trafford!! Did that really happen? I mean really happen? Unbelievable!! Why oh why not at home against lower teams though!
So Unbelievable §ÌÇK .
►Back song of "Surprise!!!" (Unbelievable -CraigDavid)
Wot a pile of over rated shit utd r at times!! Unbelievable!!
I'm so pissed off its unbelievable! Wtf? What the actual f*ck!!!
Its d money squad boys,we bal so hard dat u tnk its unbelievable!hahaaa!
Unbelievable result for blackburn! Bet after their last two results, the fickle Blackburn fans will be on steve kean's side all of a sudden!
You're unbelievable.
Song on french tv : "what Thierry realized is just unbelievable. And now, he's got the opportunity to help us. It's a very good thing"
Gavin degraws live performance on wnci right is unbelievable and the words are so relevant!
the last day of the year already...#unbelievable
WoW. This is unbelievable.
This powder fight was unbelievable
The temptation to get off is unbelievable!
unbelievable that its new years eve
Shinee got higher than SJ? are you sure? :/ but atleast they got higher than TVXQ nd SNSD. > < but still unbelievable.
Brilliant result now the position is possible change the manager and give us a chance! Be unbelievable to stay up now
This year has been nothing short of unbelievable
Unbelievable how much Wayne Rooney brings to the team... We're nothing without him!
Unbelievable !!!! How he done tat ?!
Steve Kean's Blackburn win at Old Trafford. Unbelievable. Wish I'd had a couple of quid on that!
Unbelievable....Blackburn....well done
its unbelievable how exactly a year ago we spent it together and now tonight we'll be acting like we dont speak to each other
my hair is unbelievable soft :O
I HAVE TO sneak a pic...this is unbelievable
Yakubu:"To come to old Trafford and get all three points it's unbelievable"..GBAMMM
This weather is unbelievable.
At fault for the second and third goals, the amount of times he's nutmegged at his near post are unbelievable. See City, Today and Arsenal
It's hard to think when you don't believe something , but you gotta believe the unbelievable
Unbelievable scenes at old trafford, must win day, come on Wolves!
Wow... Just wow. Unbelievable.
Just seen the Man Utd result. Unbelievable.
Dawee oppa's deal is very unbelievable ~ i can come to the concert for free ? XD
I'm so happy i didnt watch the match..........#unbelievable
whoaaa O_o the city is mad as and the crowd is unbelievable!!! I'm trippin' out bro xP LOL
"@Vanja_MUFC: We lost... but it's not the end of the world, just the end of the year..."// This lost is unbelievable!
The amount of times my house phone rings is freaking unbelievable! :|
unbelievable scenes samba outstanding de gea absolute shite
Cue "Well done Blackburn" "Kean deserves a medal" "Unbelievable, great manager!!!" tweets...
Why doesn't Boghall and Bathgate's drum corps get more respect? These guys / gals are effing sick right now. Unbelievable.
How mediocre is Man U ? Unbelievable they are second in the league with such a poor squad
unbelievable.... blackburn toppled manu... a bad bad b'day for ferguson........
That's just embarrassing...seriously, Blackburn? The worst team in the league? At home?!? Unbelievable!!!
Unbelievable from Rovers! Certainly need to work on actually kicking the ball when they want to clear their defence but good effort!
"@sksegha: Simply unbelievable......"So sorry my brother
Faith in God makes us believe the unbelievable, see the invisible and do the impossible."
Blackburn. Incredible. Steve Keane. Unbelievable. Who'd have thought that? Not me. Man U were first nap on .my accumulator
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL so NOWWWW UNITED FANS ARE ASKING WHY LINDERGAARD DIDNT START? YOU GUYS MAKE ME SICK LOOOL UNBELIEVABLE
UNBELIEVABLE DEFEAT, HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR ALEX....
This Is Unbelievable!!
The sales this year are unbelievable. Hollister, FYE, Bath & Body Works all have fantastic savings right now (unheard of savings!)
They just annouced the Man Utd score at the Arsenal tube station and the cheer from all passengers was unbelievable
Unbelievable. Credit to Blackburn.
I am officially divorced....#unbelievable
Unbelievable loss, mistake by keeper cost Man U again! Got to hope City drop points
Blackburn win at OT. Unbelievable
Wow..Utd are unbelievable. Happy birthday Fergie *Sarcastic face*
I never comment on the football, because I don't give one. But today, I'll make an exception. Unbelievable Jeff.
Unbelievable...#MUFC
Fucking unbelievable!!the fuck!
David vs goliath again ! Fuckin unbelievable !
That scoreline is quite unbelievable..Steve kean's defiance starting to pay off maybe? Hmmmm
The crowd to get into the train station was unbelievable. Never seen such impressive behaviour from so many people and police.
Come on Blackburn wot a great result great present from keane to fergie unbelievable
this is sooo.......... unbelievable.
Typical. Everton sell Yakubu & he turns back into a goal-scoring machine. Unbelievable, Jeff.
And you just see right through me but if you only knew me .We could be a beautiful miracle, unbelievable .Instead of just invisible  ♪♫
Take a bow Blackburn, and Yakubu. Fantastic result that! Unbelievable Jeff!
unbelievable, nice one De Gea.
Well, there goes my home bankers accumulator but brilliant! Unbelievable. Happy birthday fergie!
Unbelievable scenes at Castle Greyskull. Cue the sound of thousands of quickslips being torn up
Its unbelievable that great friend Ranijethmalani is dead.
Unbelievable. At a wedding and the girl on the harp totally coincidentally played Blue Moon as the final whistle blew at Old Trafford. Omen.
unbelievable! So happy!
Unbelievable, fair play today Mr Kean, you called it right
Unbelievable. United were not good enough once again this season. Unacceptable
Unbelievable fuck you blackburn what a joke of a game no creativity from man utd fergie u need to address that midfield
it's unbelievable how much he looks like that boy!! it's really scary... it makes me feel weird...
unbelievable,manutd have lost to blackburn...jjjjeeezzzzz!!
United is just unbelievable!!! Think all those losses still hasn't sunk it yet!!!#GGMU
Unbelievable....blackburn...
Unbelievable result,losing to rovers is not good
And you think someones your friend but really your just a back for them to leave their knife in, unbelievable
Unbelievable well done Steve Kean and Blackburn
Unbelievable Blackburn! Keep you up to date on Bridge FM all afternoon. Is this the start of them staying up?
Unbelievable.....Fuck De Gea again and again!!!!!
Fucking unbelievable jeff
Ha ha ha your so shit it's unbelievable
Unbelievable game. Hope that shuts up the 'Keen Out' campaign.
What a win for Blackburn! Unbelievable.
That is quite simply, unbelievable! so Blackburn fans, what do u think of Kean now huh? massive result!
Blackburn take four out of a potential six points from Liverpool and Manchester United. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable. But, not really. Dammit Man U!
What an unbelievable result! Good job manu
Unbelievable...most nightmare birthday present for SAF..
Unbelievable. Worst possible way to start a day.
Dis is unbelievable ..
Unbelievable...What rubbish Man Utd..Mscheeeewww
Unbelievable. De Gea is the new Aurelio Gomes. Absurd.
Unbelievable. Fucking awful.
Unbelievable.  Even with injuries, you can't do that and hope to win a title. Ferguson may be furious, but his team selection ...
Simply unbelievable.
This is unbelievable that im still woke
Simply unbelievable......
Unbelievable. Fuck off Man utd, so typical.
Wow! Unbelievable result!!
This IS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!
Unbelievable scenes.
pisses me off unbelievable amounts when people badmouth long distance relationships. have you been in one? no. so shut the fuck up.
The number of foul throws which go unpunished in top flight football games is unbelievable.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE
This. Is. Unbelievable.
unbelievable..keane u bastard
One minute of extra time remaining. Blackburn clear off the line! Unbelievable stuff!
Man u getting whooped by blackburn...dis is just unbelievable
It was unbelievable *-------* Thx God! \o
Unbelievable scenes at Old Trafford
unbelievable..fergie has truly shown he's sufferin' from menopause
Unbelievable. Can't lose games like this and expect to win the title. MCFC won't go away. This result will cost us MASSIVELY.
I'm watchn d match...unbelievable
Just saw the man utd score ? Unbelievable !!
Aku tak pernah gy countdown in my whole life. .I KNOW,unbelievable right?
Its unbelievable how a song can bring back memories... Those you really want to forget.
Come on Blackburn.. Respect to Steve Kean, unbelievable stick from his own fans but stays resolute. I wonder if they will cheer him now?
Then he (@GodShakes) glides right into telling excitedly about his day & walked out the door... .@WBCGran: "That boy is unbelievable!" .
Blackburn they are unbelievable at old trafford
The secret to success is a blanket of flour that crisps up into an unbelievable crust.
Unbelievable scenes all over football today
You can believe in something unbelievable.
That can't be a customer...Unbelievable
Who's the new United barber unbelievable Jeff
Old Trafford is unbelievable .. How can it be this quiet ?!
also how much shit your mates talk about knowing people is unbelievable these days haha who gives a fiddlers who you know. wankers and all
Unbelievable scenes at Warwick with the loose horse stopping Glens Boy who looked likely to win. Plum Pudding gets back up to win!
United match, unbelievable stuff!
Unbelievable"@dr_lawi: Shocking!!!"
Ergh my family are so full of crap its unbelievable.
Blackburn! Unbelievable scenes! What a win this would be
If blackburn win this game, it would be unbelievable!
This is unbelievable. Come on Blackburn !!!!!
This is quite unbelievable
This is unbelievable.
Unbelievable. Nice Birthday present for Sir Alex.
The power of ass and titties is unbelievable. I know you niggas wish you had it.
Phil Jones is so fucking overrated it's unbelievable, has never impressed me when I've seen him
Unbelievable scenes at Warwick too with the loose horse stopping Glens Boy who looked likely to win. Plum Pudding gets back up to win
How wrong can u be, utd losing to kean's Blackburn, unbelievable
Blackburn unbelievable.
Unbelievable, where's Rooney when you need him? Or excuse me..... Lindeegard?
Unbelievable! Simply unbelievable.
Unbelievable. My fantasy football curse even works against Man U. For the first time in my life I'm livid that United are losing.
It's unbelievable how much I don't want to go to work right now
Unbelievable de gea......
Unbelievable! Bookies will be made up!!
Unbelievable stuff! Go on lads....#Rovers
man utd... just unbelievable man.. de gea..
How Come de Gea?! Unbelievable goal..
Unbelievable events at old trafford! Happy birthday Sir Alex!
Unbelievable. United losing again. Goalkeeper to blame for sure! Blackburn have guts!
This is unbelievable. UN-Believable.
This match is unbelievable
Can't believe this is happening. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable, De Gea is the worst!
unbelievable. clearly De Gea's fault. he has flapped throughout. I can't believe this frankly.
Shocing news I rcvd tonite! Unbelievable!
It's unbelievable, Blackburn take the lead once again...
De Gea, unbelievable!
Hahahahaha cmonmn, unbelievable
De Gea unbelievable... No confidence, great keeper but never in the premier league!
Don't limit yourself. While you have to think small to get things done ALWAYS & often THINK BIG, like unbelievable thoughts & watch em form
they've taken the lead again. unbelievable
Who had money on Blackburn? Unbelievable scoreline at old Trafford!
Unbelievable! Come on you blues!
HAhaha lol unbelievable
Mulai unbelievable
Watching Kouhaku now. :P Unbelievable...
The amount of food I've had this Christmas is unbelievable and I've done no exercise apart from running for a bus..
When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world. C. S. Lewis
I love being able to see NY Outfits and Makeup... It's really unbelievable sometimes
and you just see right through me, if you only knew me. we could be a beautiful, miracle, unbelievable instead of just invisible..
The stadium at the quidditch world cup is unbelievable
First night out so late. Lol. Unbelievable that my mom said yes. Haha.
These nightmares are rather strange and unbelievable--once I wake up.
Theses sunflower seeds are unbelievable
Disgraceful Neil Lennon not honoured in the New Years honours list. Unbelievable ;)
You are so amazing, unbelievable baby it's you that makes me smile when everything is crazy
we are on the last day of this year. feeling is sinking now. unbelievable!
So hacked off its unbelievable, never known someone more up there own back side!
Holy fuck!!! Just received the best new years news!!! Watch this space in two days. Farkk unbelievable!!!!
it's unbelievable how manny people get judged by there looks these days.
today is my last day as a kid. unbelievable. ^^
Naprey UNBELIEVABLE!
The level of hatred that some ppl have is unbelievable!!
what a poor shot but turns into a good cross unbelievable luck
The amount of people wearing Paul's Boutique clothes is unbelievable!
