Excellent way to start a morning...homemade espresso shots and an Andrew Murray book.
I want to share the book called Edgelands (Jonathan Cape) a most excellent Christmas read about Britain's wilderness, the places we ignore.
Just tried to book a taxi from Dan's house for tonight and I don't know what number house he lives at, excellent girlfriend ain't i?
Just finished Stephen King's 11/22/63. EXCELLENT book. Of course. Glad when he said he was retiring a while ago he didn't mean writing.
my jon richardson book came this morning, this has automatically put me in an excellent mood.
On the reading front, just finished excellent A Game of Thrones by George RR Martin (TV series really stuck close to book).
Just watched Lincoln Lawyer fantastic book Excellent Film Recommend it absolutely
Reading Michelle Caruso-Cabrera's book "You Know I'm Right" excellent read
Ahhh naptime... I should be using it too do housework... Instead I am going for a bath and a read of my book... Excellent!
who ever needs a taxi to take you to heathrow - book with us - very cheap prices for excellent services -
Book of Eli is an excellent movie
Just watched The Da Vinci Code. Excellent. I should have read the book first though. Gonna start thaoh6k
Girl With A Dragon tattoo was excellent. Highly recommend it. As far as Hollywood does, it kept to the book fairly well.
2011 resolution to read through the entire Bible = completed. Excellent book. I highly recommend it. May read it again myself! :)
Finally got around to reading Ben Mezrich's "Accidental Billionaires" tonight. Excellent book, terrifically researched and organized.
Book two was excellent cant wait to see what three will bring...
Reading: "Hunger Games"  excellent book, can't wait for the movie...
David Fincher, another job well done. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was excellent. And it stayed very true to the book.
Dear Santa, you must say Hi to me, I want to join your book club! You obviously have excellent taste in books! :) :)
The concert was excellent. Now getting into my book, then time 2 daydream until sleep hits this insomniac..Good Night Tweeps!
My Teacher Told Us To Read A Book Over The Summer , and when she ask me what I read I said Facebook , She said excellent choice SMH DUMB ASS
William J. Bennett's The Book of Man is a great compilation. I just read his profile of WW l hero Sgt. Alvin York, and it was excellent.
no bra, no shoes, comfy pants and robe with excellent whiskey, a fire AND a good book? life is good.
Book Hill Bistro is an excellent find in Georgetown.
American Gods is an excellent airplane book. Ibis and Jacquel are my favorites.
Have had a few really good manuscripts submitted lately. Do you have an excellent book inside of you just waiting to be written?
that was supposed to be Jealousy's Rage by Melissa Smith...Excellent book.
Read an excellent book - You Are Your Product by Jeb Blount. I recommend it!
Chronicles of Narnia: The Dawn Treader….Worst movie of an excellent book EVER!
Martina Cole is an excellent author. Her book got me thru the holidays. A bit rough but good :)
Want to lose weight? excellent dietary tips and advice book for those who want to lose weight.
Back from some end-of-year shopping. Got some great books... I can't resist a good book. Two on bicycle trails in Tasmania! Excellent!
If you're looking for a great book to read that appeals to all ages, I recommend THE MAGIC BUG CHRONICLES. Excellent read!
Think I'd write and excellent 'Burn Book'
Tim Tebow's book is excellent!
I'm a little behind, I know, but I just got the first twilight book to read.  Excellent.
Anyone that reads: Your next book should be The Art of Fielding. Excellent. Even better if you like baseball. Or Moby Dick. Go forth & read.
Have finally watched Submarine. Great film even if it doesn't follow the book too much. Alex Turner is also excellent.
Just finished Three Cups of Tea by Greg mortenson and Relin. Excellent book.
The BBC's Great Expectations is excellent. I loved the book at school and remember every line. What a great story
I love the Amazon reviews for Looking for Alaska that are like, "The book arrived on time and in excellent condition." MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!
Girl With the Dragon Tattoo - excellent flick. I hadn't read the book and I loved it ... perhaps I should get on that.
I'm completely addicted to the Game of Thrones book series...excellent reads.
Bad Title, but Excellent Book - Extreme Money: Masters of the Universe and the Cult of Risk - Satyajit Das
Reading Baz Rathbones excellent book, highly recommended for Rovers, PNE & Blues everywhere
Just finished Crime and Punishment, what an excellent book!!
Reading "The Meaning of Marriage" by Timothy Keller. Excellent book!
Private Eye first 50 years book is excellent. Although I am taking it with whiskey. Recommended
Oh how I've missed getting lost in an excellent book!
I might be late on the bandwagon, but the girl with the dragon tattoo is an excellent book.
Ok, movie experience not as awkward as I thought, and gwtdt movie itself was excellent. You should read the book first.
Mike Cohn's book on agile planning is excellent, but it also solidifies in my mind the reasons I don't like scrum (esp timeboxed iterations)
Reading "we need to talk about Kevin" excellent book.
I highly recommend “attitude is everything” of Jeff Keller. Excellent book. .I started to make some positive changes to my attitude.
Finished book rec'd for xmas: I Shall Wear Midnight. Excellent nosh!
Relaxing in bed, heat pad soothing my back, and reading a most excellent book that a friend shared with me. :)
Snuggly time with a purring kitty, a delicious cup of tea and an excellent book...I love being on holidays! :)
Girl With Dragon Tattoo - well worth seeing. Very good adaptation, close to book except end, but not spoilt. Daniel Craig excellent.
Reading an excellent book that combines a lead female character who is kicking ass, spaceships, AUs, and Paris. What could be better?!
Congratulations! I like Odersky's book, but yours is excellent to get up to speed on Scala ASAP. Nice introduction. :)
Reading an excellent book called "Londoners" by Craig Taylor, & drinking beer. Sample line: "If there is just one London, I have two arses."
Reading Muhammad: Prophet For Our Time. Excellent book.
Just read my 1st book on Kindle,  a short story called Stolen Child by Brian McGilloway: Excellent! (and VERY short).
I'm living the book series by Suzanne Collins " hunger games!" just excellent
Started reading Noo Saro-Wiwa's excellent Nigerian travel/bio book 'Looking for Transwonderland' & noticed it has a publication date of 2012
I''ve Found the Kitchen Now What' by Jackie Oliver is an excellent book for students going to uni or those who just want to start cooking. …
DrewJordanActor RT Book online for Surviving Actors SEMINARS, great guidence and career advice from excellent Industry Professionals.
Author: Dean Koontz . .Book Title: VELOCITY . .Excellent novel, brilliantly compiled, beat-the-clock thriller.
Lierre_Keith Thanks for writing your book; I'll have excellent ammo for future debates with my brothSwRpiN
actor_SAS RT Book online for Surviving Actors SEMINARS, great guidence and career advice from excellent Industry Professionals.
We have a church, a reception area & the bridesmaid dress. I LOVE PRODUCTIVE BREAKS! Excellent timing, B. Now, about those book reviews..
The Pinhoe Egg by Diana Wynne Jones > Wizards, witches, magic. Starts quite slowly, but ending is excellent. Lovely book by genious writer.
- iread shyt list 3 in less then half a day ! Damn yo that book was excellent :o
RgnrDanneskjold excellent! w/ that resource and Charlotte Iserbyt's book "The Deliberate Dumbing DowUtR
Thirteen Reasons Why is an excellent book.
Halfway through Bust by Ken Bruen and Jason Starr excellent book and thankfully better than Tower which I see is getting adapted for film.
ron clark's essentail 55 is an excellent book! Can't put it down!
Just got done with Dingin Salju Indiana. Excellent book! Believe the tv series Dingin Lavenda is an adaptation. Watch if you can't read it.
Just finished Ready Player One by Ernest Cline - excellent book!  I want to go back & start over just to pick up anything I may have missed.
Well, the latest BBC adaptation of Great Expectations was superb. What an excellent book.
'War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning' is looking to be an excellent book..
This I, Partridge took a little while to get going but has really hit its stride now. Hooting. I hear the audio book is excellent, too.
Excellent. I've remembered to book cabs for NYE. Whether they show up is another matter.
Prof Brian Cox Wonders of the Universe excellent book
Shouldve brought my book out. Excellent time to be reading.
Just finished reading "11/22/63" by Stephen King. A most excellent and gripping page-turner! Now I feel empty. Need a new book stat!
I highly recommend The girl with a dragon tattoo. Excellent movie, can't wait to read the book
In fact, iBooks beats the competition in respect of its similarity to a real book, and the page turn, speed and layout are excellent
Reading an excellent book on our boy James Madison. If you need a book suggestion I'll give you the title.
A good book, an excellent playlist, a comfy chair and a warm blanket. Time to waste time.
Reading Franzen's Freedom. . .This is probably the best book I've ever read. I put it down every few pages. Overwhelmingly excellent.
Girl with Dragon Tattoo was excellent, the book as well as the movie!
It was an excellent book though. Truly moving.
Listening to "True Grit" while inking. Excellent book, wonderfully read. Far better than King's 11/22/63. Thank God.
Finished The Help. Excellent book. I highly recommend it.
Excellent Xmas gifts include Roku! circular saw! Big ladder! Terry Gross book! An old beer bottle opener! And superfamilytime is the best!
Also reading the fated sky's - excellent book! When I was in highschool art class I painted an astrologer's table without even knowing it!!
OTOH, band name generator just randomly handed me an EXCELLENT title for a future book. *scribbles*
RIGHT so my bookmark disappeared out of my book. Excellent :|
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was outstanding.  An excellent interpretation of the very excellent book.
The chicken and leek pie from my new Hairy Bikers book would have been excellent had I realised in the UK the salt comes with the butter :-(
Thankful: four day weekend! Cup of tea, my Kindle - reading an excellent book on cross cultural ethics & a Tony Hillerman for fun! Joy!
Just got back from watching Girl With Dragon Tattoo ~ really excellent film that did the book justice! Lisbeth was awesome!
Girl with the dragon tattoo film, excellent adaptation of the book. Very in Hollywood like, which is a great thing
Passion To Live by Ronald D. Lee. An excellent book. Ron, I just finished reading your marvelous novel quite some time ago; in fact I could…
Reading Personal Faith Public Policy by Jackson/Perkins.  Excellent, thought-provoking book.  person
BBT excellent as ever, and 'yaaay' to Amy for what she says in first five min re comic book heroines  :-)
Just saw "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" today and it was excellent. Kinda saw it before I finished book but it's all good.
Funny how it is Wemmick who becomes almost the hero of the book in this adaptation. Excellent characterisation. Looked Dudley-Moore-ish.
My girls in bed  they been excellent today bless them making  tomorrow Tia's chose out of her cup cake book ❤ them both lots xxxxxxx
Am pretty much streamlining Stephen Kings latest book and still have over 600 pages left to read. I love an epically long, excellent book.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo movie was excellent! Time to read the book.
Just read Libby an excellent toy story motion book on the iPad!
Last New Year's weekend, I was immersed in Connie Willis' "Doomsday Book." Excellent read! What should I cozy up to this time?
I hate buying a good book, then buying and excellent book then having to wait to finish the good book before starting the excellent one
Re-reading Jane Eyre.  An excellent book
Wow- I just finished all 25 hours of "Middlesex" on CD. Excellent book- it actually took me a couple 2000 mile trips to get through it.
Agreed!  This book is excellent “@DebMasters1: Have you read John Hattie's new book yet? Visible Learning for teachers. Great stuff!!”
Confessions of a Shopaholic - yet another excellent book series brutalized by a poor film adaptation.
Excellent, didn't see the Swedish version, true to the book as far as I remember, Hope they do the other two books
That workout was excellent ... Feeling good .. Time to shower n read this new book by pearl cleage
The new version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is excellent although I think you need to have read the book.
Rolling around in how excellent this book is. Also, on a train.
I am really enjoying diarmaid macculloch's xianity: the first 3000 years. Excellent book!
I bought an excellent haul of withdrawn library books at the Shoe Lane library book stall today. Well worth a visit if you work nearby
I'm reading the BEST book ever-"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo"....excellent read!!
Just finished reading 'The Facebook Killer' via my phone, seriously grim but excellent book!
Reading Little Red Book of Selling by Jeffrey Gitomer. Excellent!
Finished TKAMB and it was an excellent book! Turns out I didn't read the last 40 pgs last time.
Tonight I shall get high and read a huge chunk of my book. Excellent.
Reading xmas present Dream Repairmen: Adventures in Film Editing by Jim Clark - an excellent book full of tales of Hollywood prattery
Getting on the train in a mo. I have an excellent book to read and my fleece has a special hole for my earphones to pop through.
Just read clockwork angel by Cassandra Clare , excellent book and I can't wait to read the next one :) x
Rereading Brian Cathcart's excellent 1999 book 'the case of Stephen Lawrence' which covers the 6 years from the murder to public inquiry
The Bro Code. What an excellent book
Shamless plug for Mike Calvin's plug - his Family book is excellent, takes you behind the scenes and more of a football club. Buy. Bye.
I have to say "The Help" is an excellent book. Mad I took this long to read it.
God Grant It, a year-long devotional book by CFW Walther is excellent.
Done reading the book.. So excellent☺
Cannes book and Sons of Anarchy Season 1 - finished - both excellent, but in completely different ways...really should go to bed now!
"the girl with the dragon tattoo" was excellent on the big screen. Gripping, good acting, intriguing plot (hadn't read the book first)
Reading Bill Hull's book subtitled - leading others on the journey of faith. It's excellent!
Think I have excellent Kung fu moves as I just smacked a falling book falling on my head!
.@rexfactorpod Sarah did an excellent job of putting him in context. I enjoyed the book, very readable
Watched Water for Elephants movie last night EXCELLENT interpretation of the book and my bf now knows why I ignored him when reading it
Dear my report book, all of your numbers must be good and excellent. Sincerely, your owner.
Finished *The Help* excellent and to be recommended. Now *Afterwards* by Rosamund Lupton. Hoping this is a 3 book week *smiles*
The excellent red wine is making the massiff Address Book audit almost tolerable.
Finished The Hunger Games. Now I KNOW I'm going to buy Book 2 tomorrow! Excellent book. Can't wait for the movie now!
Reading the book of Lamentations before bed.  Even if you're not religious, you should read the bible.  It's excellent literature.
Usually movies are not as good as the book but water for elephants is excellent! I'm impressed.
For a book to have excellent pacing doesn't mean speed. It means balanced stops and goes, hitting the right notes at the right time. Music.
The new Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy film is absolutely excellent. Must see, though you should, of course, read the book first.
Someone's annotated this rather excellent book on fetishism with observations on feederism. IN PEN. Could have managed without that thnx.
Invictus; excellent movie, excellent book, excellent poem
Girl with the Dragon Tattoo: Great movie, excellent actors, but the plot just works better as a book.
Deborah_NK Hi Deborah, I really enjoyed your book. You've done an excellent job! Can't wait to read
Previous tweet was a summary of a portion of the book 'Doctrine' by Mark Driscoll and Gerry Breshears. Excellent book.
..that my friends is cricket guide book page 37 from tendulkar. Excellent front drive
The girl with the dragon tattoo = excellent movie. Does anyone have the book? I would love to read it.
What R U reading? I'm reading Area 51:Legends by Bob_Mayer & The Home Run Guide edited by Charlene Anderson. Bob's book is excellent!
Free book today on iTunes 12 Days of Christmas Free Gift. Looks like a good one too. Excellent!
Just watched Fight Club. Excellent film but as always I wish I'd read the book first!
Just finished The Great Gatsby! Excellent book
At this rate I'll be done with the trilogy before we leave. Excellent book.
Gah. Excellent book on undisturbed birth has just sullied itself by mentioning homeopathy.
Nothing like an excellent book over Christmas break!
In bed with cake, chocolate and fucking excellent book. Does it get any better?
The book of John is some excellent stuff.
“@the_overtones: Excellent. 'When God Was A Rabbit'. I reccommend it muchly. Lx >> a top, top book.
Just finished reading Counterfeit Gods in one sitting at Books-A-Million. An excellent book worth your time.
Reading my brother a book called 'HOW TO GROW A DINOSAUR' an excellent book!
Do you know what would be great? An unrelentingly positive book about being a teacher in an excellent school in a supportive community.
Hyde is coming out with his own .. book autobiography kind of thing. This is excellent, I've had a few questions I need answering to. WE IN
LOL so this Nigerian in the library says: 'The narrator of this book has an excellent use of the wording' hahahahahahah
LOL so this Nigerian in the library says: 'The narrator of this book has an excellent use of diction' :S
No, I didn't know about this excellent conference--thanks! Will book me a ticket tomorrow. You going?
Already done with the excellent book I got for Christmas, Dissolution ..... Now what???
This book is excellent - conversation a history of a declining art
Kelly Koerner's book, Doing Dialectical Behavior Therapy, is excellent!
So, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is excellent, but god help you if you haven't read the book.
Finished reading Tim Tebow's book "Through My Eyes." Excellent, thought-provoking book.
Movie recommendation: The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. As good as the book, with a better pace. Excellent thriller.
"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" excellent film. If you've read the book or not you'll enjoy the film.
Its such an excellent book
Finally have time to get running but bad cold -so cruel. So enjoying excellent book "walking with the wounded". Inspirational, true heroes
Also watched Great Expectations on iPlayer which I thought was excellent. I enjoyed the book too!
Commentary: Book, movies make an excellent case for nostalgia
the help is an excellent book by the way.
Some lovely chap gave me T J Gorringe's new book on theology and art. Earthly Visions is excellent so far, and v well illustrated.
The Hunger Games is an excellent book. Look forward to reading the rest.
Miley, I just wanted to tell you that your book is excellent, taught me to pursue my dreams and it can come true! Would you answer me! 30
Miley, I just wanted to tell you that your book is excellent, taught me to pursue my dreams and it can come true! Would you answer me! 24
Miley, I just wanted to tell you that your book is excellent, taught me to pursue my dreams and it can come true! Would you answer me! 20
Miley, I just wanted to tell you that your book is excellent, taught me to pursue my dreams and it can come true! Would you answer me! 12
Miley, I just wanted to tell you that your book is excellent, taught me to pursue my dreams and it can come true! Would you answer me!
Reading a really excellent parenting book right now:  Raising our Children, Raising Ourselves (Naomi Aldort). I very highly recommend it!
Tim, Just finished reading Through my Eyes. Excellent Book! Thanks for being a great roll model. RudeDog58
Just finished an excellent book, The Confidence Course by Walter Anderson. If you struggle with shyness, anger, fear... it is a fine toolbox
Hi beautiful. Your excellent, happy Holidays. Keep in touch I'm also. On. Face book Eric Holloway
Finally finished reading Little Bee. I liked the book. The author is an excellent writer.
Being book and street smart get u far real talk a lot of opportunities I have ran across within the last week are great ones .#Network
Just had a kid throw his colouring book at me on the train. Great end to the year...
Finished Ready Player One, great book for fans of MMOs, gaming history, and 80s nostalgia
Middlesex is a great book, totally lives up to the hype/prizes/etc.
Btw anyone who loves reading I recommend a book called nookie ... It's a great read
Entering the new year with a great step in life :-) first book release and many more to come in the following years .
Happy New Year! We're back to regular hours on Tues. Jan. 3rd. Welcome 2012 with a great new book!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was a great movie. Exactly how I pictured it to be while I was reading the book.
So funny that all this while, the book that I wanted to find is on my bro's bookshelf. Unused. With just, his name. Great. But, thank God.
Spring is in the air; it's a great time to book that getaway weekend you've been longing for
"Heston Blumenthal at Home" - what a great new cookery book - captivating - explanatory - superb - have spent the last 3 hrs reading it :-)
Finally finished Great Expectations now onto another book
dubstep skream& example-shot yourself in the foot again. Great song in my book
This year has been great!!! :D  So many amazing things happened. I wrote my 1st book, finally saw Paul McCartney, saw Timmy & the Giants,...
There's nothing better than a great book:1 +.+
I'm reading now The internet for dummies, what a great book <3
When we resolutely surrender ourselves to God's plan, life completely changes. .Resolution for Men... great book!
“@survivingactors: Book online for Surviving Actors SEMINARS, great guidence and career advice from Industry Professionals.” I'll be there
Gunna boil the tea, wear socks and read my book. Yep great way to welcome the new year.
In the midst of reading Tim Keller's book "The Meaning of Marriage".  Great book that is appropriate pre- or post- marriage.
Have attracted over 25 votes in last couple of days on my review of it. It's a great book too...perfectly spooky for winters night..go get.
1001 weird deaths what a great book.
If you ONLY hit my phone for a move cuz you don't have any, you're wack in my book so gtf up outta my inbox & have a great day :)
Check out Between Darkness and Light its a great book. Get it through Barnes and Noble. The author is Brianna Hawthrone.
Finished my first Kindle book. Jo Nesbo's The Devil's Star. Great stuff.
The first book of 2012 will be Great Expectations and I'm far too excited
Oh, it's a great book. You should read it!
Finally listening to the complete ttss soundtrack while trying to finish my book! Great reading soundtrack!
GREAT THINGS for 2012. Book ANY Royal Caribbean cruise TODAY for sailings on/after 4/1/12 get 50% off deposit & $$ to spend onboard. Act now
ANNA AND THE FRENCH KISS WAS SUCH A GREAT BOOK I CAN'T EVEN
The Sherlock Holmes Book of Self Defence is real. Great writing and ye olde diagrams. My brolly is a lethal weapon.
ARTIST come record at our Chelsea Manhattan recording studio. Easy to travel to and great rates BOOK YOUR SESSSION TODAY!! RT
Just finished reading The Great Gatsby. Great book!
I can't pick my fav book in 2011 I've read a ton of good ones...hope everyone had a great yr. make next yr better loose yourself in a book.
Reading "The secrets" Great book. Pick it up # thesoundzone
Last day of 2011...ready to close the book on this one. Lessons learned, time to move on & apply them! Here's to a great 2012!
Do not drink and drive.  . .Book a room at The Coconut Grill Hotel - don't take the risk. . .Have a great 2012.
My last book of the year was Milen Ruskov - Thrown into nature, which was pretty great
AWTR- A walk to remember. Book and movie was great, cnt say the same with 'the last song'. Hey, just a few hours more before the new year!!
Back to reading the book thief now, YES ITS GREAT
Ok...so...faith, freedom and fantasy... .Great book set in 1776 initially and progressing to the present...but...
Hope this day is a steady flow my book looks great!
Finished The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society last night. What a great book!  Although its title is not made for twitter.
Just asked Mummy for money to buy a book. She was (secretly) pleased but taken aback that she had to say, "NO." Great. :)
Finished The Help last night!!! Such a great book!!!! Now I FINALLY get to watch the movie :D
I got a Fresh mind again by this Book.. a great knowledge to face the cruel world..
On the last thirty pages of Nicole Krauss' Great House and it's eerie how identifiable Nadia is. It's an experience, this book. Sink into it
SALE! Who needs one! our prices are always great! book meeting room & conferencing space & get a whopping 20% off online!...
Almost finished reading Stephen King's "Cell". Next? Frank Schätzing's "The Fifth Day". I've heard nothing but great things about this book.
From Victoria Alexander "Touch of a Thief by Mia Marlowe This book blew me away. Great characters, wonderful adventures and very hot." Thx!
My favourite book of 2011 was The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern. Happy 2012!  Roll on more great books. - Julie
I got my "365 inspirations for a Great Life" book ready for the new year! One page a day! :')
Great show! What about the book "Write It Down, Make It Happen."? It helped me stay on focus.
Tinker tailor soldier spy is a great book. John La' Carre is beastly :)
After a great nap <3 ,, let's CHAT with READING book :S
New Year's Eve just like Carrie Bradshaw, just me, MacBook, Book, Fried Noodles, and Sex and The City Volume 1 :D have a great years buddy
Life is a book. Every year has a new page with adventures to tell, things to learn, pain to heal & tales to remember. 2O12 is gonna be great
I received a great book "Drawing Jewels For Fashion" by Carol Woolton at Christmas-recommend to all jewellery students. Fascinating insight!
Just finished a great book. Snow flower & the secret fan.   Looking for a new one suggestions?
Goodbye 2011 this has been a great year for myself, family, friends and book habit. May 2012 be great to each and every one of us!
The Copy and print center recently printed a book I created and it came out great
The movie was good, the book was great. MemoirsofaGeishaNuo4
“You close the book and you don’t want the book to come to an end. But you close the book and you go, ‘God, that was great.’” -Terry O'Quinn
What a Great Day!!!!no book is life in heaven!
Things fall apart is such a great book , but the ending was soo sad .
ohshet. i have like 3 days to read an entire book and write 2 essays on them. great.
Last 2011 book: "Fluke". Great choice!
Just finished Inheritance. It was really good but I'm sad because it was a great book and I know that it won't be months until I can be
So I 4got my ipod & book at home so bored on the train.. what a great journey this Is going to be.. Just staring at ppl :/
My Goth! I can't remember what books I read this year! Mostly work-related I think? I enjoyed the book about Alexander the Great..What else?
Watching final episode of Great Expectations on BBC. Favourite book ever. Read it as a kid, haunting tale.
Finally catching up on Great Expectations now I've finished the book. The guy Douglas who plays Pip is rather gorgeous.
"The girl with the dragon tattoo", what a great book and movie, can,t wait to see the other 2!
“@fhssalrefaei: Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve. (Napoleon Hill) .Think & grow rich great book
Just finished reading The Help. Great book, definitely recommend it. I'm honna read more in 2012.
New year with my dear book "Rancangan Percobaan", sounds great :)
A great time to read a book ! :-)
He works hard though, great attitude, good in my book!
Three Great Coffee Table Book Ideas for Your Geeky Dad
amywelner I saw a Francis Chan book! He's a great, straight to the point author. I recommend Erasing
It was my final read of this year and the 200th book I've read since the 1st Jan!! What a great book to end a fabulous reading year on. :)
first art book finished and i still got a shit load of development to do...great.
Lots of wedding fairs coming up in Jan and Feb and some great deals if you want to book me - call or meet there, watch out for venues
The HDRI Handbook, written for non-engineers. Very hard to read as a result. Not a great book...
shallac £15 Great Barr B44 9HN or 0121 244 8127 BOOK NOW
no one is up...my TL is dead and i already finished the book i was reading...this is great!!!
Sheffield library services are great. The online catalog means I can find pretty much every comic/book i would ever want.
Ok Never let me go creeps the hell out of me ughhh. Great book tho
Start to turn your hopes, dreams and aspirations into reality. Our new book No Regrets on Sunday is out soon! .What a great way to start 2012
SteweBannon I just bought the book to try and drag myself away from the iPhone. Fincher is a great d
Google Alerts alerting me to pirate torrents of my book. Gee, great.
And I end the year with great friends and family in my book that's a pretty good year.
But I must mention a v good business book I read earlier in the year - stephen shapiro's 'best practices are stupid' -  a great read
25% off: The Great Book of Boston Sports Lists
Just finished a great conversation with a new client. Looking forward to working with him and his book!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was great. Haven't read the book but definitely will now. Pace was odd, I guess because of the adaptation
But the first book is great. The others are just confusing to me.
Kindles are great, and I'd probably never read Leonardo Da Vinci's Literary Works otherwise, but a book feels so much better to read from.
Despite being a great book,The Fountainhead,it gives me a feeling of not getting anywhere. Quite pointless. Unlike Harry Potter...
We still have a couple of appointments left today due to cancellations! Would be great to see you. Call 01603618968 to book your appointment
Great Book Apps Beyond Disney, Dora and Dr. Seuss
Simple Things - Great Book of John
About 170 pages into the book of Jobs. Mesmerisingly captivating story in so many levels. Insanely great like the products he created...
65000 tweets! Wish everyone a HAPPY NEW YEAR. 2012, this is a new book of our life, let's be better n create great memories. cheers ^o^
"@b_soFlye: book smarts, street smarts that's my type of girl..fuck em good, fuck em great take ya out this world"
book smarts, street smarts that's my type of girl..fuck em good, fuck em great take ya out this world
Oh no no sorry my bad. I mean I'm gonna spending my time to reading a great book. Reading a book is better than playing wii.
My book of 2011? Into The Silence, by Wade Davies. The Great War, Mallory, and the Conquest of Everest. Thanks for asking.
“@dougschaefer: First reaction from Jobs book: takes a lot of shine off my opinion of him. He wasn't a great designer, his people were tho.”
Whats the best book you read this year? Lots of great finds but Im going for 'the social animal'.
Just seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, great film in the idyllic surroundings of Glasgow's Grosvenor cinema. Makes sense out of book
Started reading the lost heto HAHA i'm so late. It's such a great book!
Watched first episode of Great Expectations last night. Very good adaptation, but reminded me that I didn't enjoy the book that much.
"I'm not suicidal I'm just a writer" sounds like a great title for a book... though "suicidal" is interchangeable with "homeless"
I am doing a DVD and book at the end of the adventure so if there is anyone out there with great local knowledge I would love to hear from u
You can't rip out pages of the book of your life, but again and again you can start a new chapter! Wish you great start in a fantastic 2012!
Just finished The Warlock. What a great great story. Can't wait for the last book The Enchantress on Summer 2012. Ily Papa Scott :*
Karamázov:i just thought how great this book was
I am a book? Thank you! I have an open mind? Hehe! Great!(:
At home in bed, good book, great day 
Been reading the Hunger Games for 7 hrs now, what a great book. Ready for book 2 now. Def will not want to get up in the am to workout.
It's 2:30am!? I've been reading a great book on governors of Texas written by chancellor
It's quite boring, but it's a great book. :-bd
New year, open new page. Wish gonna be a great book of my life!☺
You don't need a title to be a Leader>>> Great Book
I really want to find a copy of John M Perkins' book "Let Justice Roll Down". It sounds like a great read.
Saw The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo tonight. Really enjoyed it - moreso than the Swedish version. Felt it was a great adaptation of the book
btw ran into Phil Hellmuth, great guy, obviously, any book by PH is top rated as he is one of the Best All-Time at Tourny's. Period! period.
lololol RT“@_CaptJack: i'm 3% into a book guys ! :) if yu knw me , thn thts freakin great . :D”
i'm 3% into a book guys ! :) if yu knw me , thn thts freakin great . :D
just finish reading that book ...it was great !
DalyaDalyaDalya, that girl real I can tell her a book and she gone listen with a descent reply and she a GREAT listener You have to love her
Great fashion is all about surprise….It should always be about doing something that isn’t by the book
Finished my book. Finally it was long but a great book. Now to start Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman.
I got a book review, Two journals and an essay to write today. A great way to start a year? Yep.
KimStagliano Great job and good luck with the book! Just bought it for my wife from Amazon.
Wooow The Help was a great movie, its so nice to finally see my favorite book made into a movie!FDPO
Installed 4 book readers on iPhone, none of them are great so far: audible, comics, books and iscroll
The 45th anniversary Sound of Music Blu-ray is pretty awesome, great quality with a behind-the-scenes book and a Favorite Things music box!
Im onto my fourth book in a week. Getting a kindle is a great way to save space but also a great way to spend money!
If anyone wants to buy me Peter Pan (the book), that would be a great way to start the new year.
What a great book. I'm definitely using it for my english final. Score.
Nearly finished w Kissinger's book on China. Fab book! Thought most wd b on modern foreign policy but he offers great historical perspective
Dont you hate when a book pisses you off at the end gahh still a great book but gahhhh
Great! Kinokuniya left one last copy of the book!
"Billy Straight" is a great book for those of you looking for a good read
Finished "More than a Carpenter" by Josh and Sean McDowell. It's a great book for anyone curious about the validity of Christianity.
What a great book it was.
Finally finished The Hunger Games trilogy.  The 1st book was my favorite but it was a great read overall. Can't wait for the movie in March.
Hubbie has decided this evening is a great time to sort the laptop filing system. My NY is awesome. Not. Lucky I have a good book.
In dubai...had a great book .shopping spree with my son. How .he has grown...holding his hand .now seems I am holding someone .stronger than me.
There's nothing better than having a great book to read.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo = sheer enjoyment. Such a great movie. I didn't want it to end. Must go read the book now!
Proverbs is just such a great book.
IMustSay! 2011 has been a very wonderful year! I can write a mini book about this year it has been full of great things! Never 4get 2k11!
I saw the help... that's a great movie. Imma do mah book report on it I think c:
Thank you for all the follows, support and comments this year, it is much appreciated, also all the book recommendations! Have a great 2012!
Hot chocolate, oreos, and a book. Great way to end my night.
Started reading Andy Stanley's "The Principle of the Path" tonight. Great stuff so far. This book should be required reading in school.
2011 was a great year! Really excited about my new children's book, "I'm Proud to Be Natural Me" set to launch February 1st, 2012!
Breaking Dildo. what a great TT, is that the next twilight book?...
Vacation to me means staying up way too late to finish a great book because it does not matter if i'r9A4n
Hot chocolate + book + great breezy weather = happy
Epub looks great on the Sonys… You are definately not restricted also you can buy from 3rd party book stores or directly from publishers
Alright, bedtime for TG. Well, reading time. My great new book with my great new reading lamp.  Both of which were thoughtful gifts :)
Got a lot done today, now time to make a small dent in my book, then sleep before the last day of 2011. Let's make it a great one!
Finishing the great evening with reading a good book!
Another great night in the book with the crew !
t_andersen great so far! hopefully this third book doesn't let down. the movies are going to be awesIVGTI
Someone mention a great explicit romance book like thing to look at feeling raunchy lmao
Just finished "Steve Jobs".  Didn't know Pixar was a pivot.  They started selling hardware.   Great book.
Just finished watching, "The Help". Good movie, great book!
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was such a great movie, It did the book and the Swedish film justice, and I'm glad!!
If you claim The Great Gatsby, Catcher in the Rye, or Grapes of Wrath as your favorite book your a goddamn lie, thats the required reading.
Bengal spice tea and a good book in bed sound like such a great way to end my night!
Just watched "the help" and it was great. Cried, cringed, laughed and got inspired. I wish I would've read the book first.
Christmas lights and good friends = a great night. Now for a chapter of my book and a movie.
Movies, a trunk, some time out, & now the sheets so I can finish this book & pass out! A great night w/him :-)
11/22/63. If you can read, read it. Great book.
Finished Erasing Hell by Chan.. Great book
“@meekmild Toilet + a good book = great end to a great day”agreed
Toilet + a good book = great end to a great day
All Spiderman movies, Fantastic four movies, X-men movies, and Thor = decent or great comic book live action movies.
Plies could write a great naughty book with his vocabulary. LOL
I strongly encourage ALL of you to read Philippians. Such a great book. It really shows you how we should live our lives on a daily basis.
Read a great book on your Kindle recently that you think more people should know about? Let us know and we will tweet about it!
Last Book i read this year was Quickie. What i Great Book S/O To James Patterson :)
Just finished watching The Great Gatsby, it's exactly like the book but it was very good.
The Hunger Games is a great book. ^_^
On the plus side, I did knock out all of my podcast listenin' I needed to do and am now back on REAMDE. What a great book so far.
ChuckVenck GREAT wording, choice of words. WRITE a book. MANY free venues to use. Make money. the new ipad
I have a wonderful girlfriend to thank for my new favorite book: advice from dead celebrities by aj barnes. check this book out, it's great
Gonna sleep by my Amelia Bedelia book collection to remind me of the great cousin sleepover of 2011
Narnia is on. Watching this always takes me back to 3rd grade when my teacher made us read this. GREAT book!
If you haven't seen the girl with the dragon tattoo you should. Great movie. I read the book and saw the swedish movie and loved this versio
Just dropped the ' great gatsby ' on tv as a college book? I read that last year as a junior!
Great, now when I go buy the book it's going to have the movie poster on the cover, instead of the original
To know that my aunt/other mom/role model has published such a great book makes my heart smile & give me hope that I can publish mine too <3
Starting Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs.  Very excited to read this book. I've heard great things.
Itsss theee great big book of everything with everything inside see the world around us, this books a perfect guide! (x
There should be a movie based off Go Ask Alice , Great book(:
I really want to see Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. It seems like a great movie :] I hope someday I could read the book,Cause i want 2 ♥
Reread my FAVORITE book Catching Fire today, so I'll start 2012 w/ a reread of Mockingjay. Here's to a new year of great literature!
Nothing better than a great book. Nothing
sherlock holmes is a great book series and a great movie series. The second movie was also awesome.
Just finished the Jim Beaver's book "Life's That Way". It made me laugh, cry and gave me hope there are great people out there in the world.
That last tweet was an excerpt from book 'Great by Choice'. So far... Eye opening!
I had a great night with my book club gals, my hair did not of course look as fabulous as it did last evening
shit 2O11 was Great for Exposin bitches On the Book,Mutt Bucket,The Hoe Show,Hoe show Part 2 . & Now,all the Girls On world Star suckn Dick
Ah I got it! Pet Sematary! After all, I just finished the book sometime ago and it should make a great review!
i'm waiting for someone to ask about the cuts on my hand, bc i've got a great story about when I was reading a book and the pages were sharp
Reread "The Hunger Games" earlier :) felt so great to reread the book and at the same time, I read it w/ a background music, "Safe & Sound".
Warm cup of tea and a good book. Great way to end off the night.
"dont judge a book by it's tweets" ---the great KnappCracklePopK71C2
Green drink is a great health step. Green For Life by Victoria Boutenko is a great book for a fast intro/ how-to.
Just finished writing review of Oden's The African Memory of Mark for the Criswell Theological Review (Spring 2012). Great book!
No internet...... nothin good on tv...... I guess I'll just read a book. Great f'ing night!
Such a great book! I am so kilig :"> :) :)
Book club holiday party tonight. Great food & wine, book & school talk.
I love college will always be a great song in my book
so now that i've seen the latest adaptation of great expectations, methinks i need to get around to reading the book.
Just fimished the book, it was great, gotta read the second one though
Saw 'Book of Mormon" on Broadway - great sendup of religion by (surprise) the creators of "South Park." Top music, dance to go with satire.
Shoot! I finished "The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian." What a great book! I almost want to read it again already.
Girl with a Dragon Tattoo movie was great. Glad I didn't read the book- would have ruined the experience!
Just finished the Hunger Games. Great book
Coffee goes great with a good book. hahaha
Now Playing: "Gothic Ring" from "The Great Skeleton's Music Guide Book" (TRICERATOPS)
More than half way through book 2 of the Hunger Games Series "Catching Fire" Great series thus far. Kh1a1
In the company of a great book, much like w/ a great friend, time flies...
Friday Night Lights soundtrack and a good book w/ the wife.. makes for a great conclusion to a solid night w/ the Janzens!
Spent Christmas weekend on Times Square, NYC. Packed, unwalkable. But did see 3 great shows - 'Follies,' 'Clear Day' and 'Book of Mormon."
I think " the book of Eli " is my new favorite movie!!! "& to dust we shall return". Great fucking movie.
The Great Gatsby will be the death of me. This book is never ending
Great morning.. Coffe, musik, and book. What the .... "perfect!"
cuddling with ky and reading a book next to travie what a great way to end the night :)
Making paper flowers from the book Great Expectations, while reading about the book Sparknotes. That's the correct order, right?
Avoiding Greener Grass Syndrome..a great book..a marriage life..when I got married,I'm gonna give the book to my wife..hahahaha
Some of life's experiences are great book material. Characters and story lines...
Great book (and film!): Jon Krakauer  "Into the wild"
The Beginnin	 .The Great Result .As my grandfather was sitting in the green valley reading his book of herbal remedies in his hand,
Great date date with Gayla.  We re-discovered the dollar theatre (underrated) Moneyball is a great movie, well adapted from book.
Great book I just finished is : The Bride Collector by Ted Dekker. Worth a read, and not badly priced.
Got myself a mexican coke, a box of chhese-its, and a good book! Gonna be a great night!
There's a show called Great expectations based on the book ?
I don't have a problem with lesbians lol. they're still great in my book.
WOW. I was on chapter 6 of the Hunger Games, now i'm on chapter 16. Hahaha. Great book! :')
Omg The Book Of Eli is such a great movie, God is good!
... Few things are better than reading a great book on a nice day.
Been reading the help for 2 days and I'm almost done!!! Great book...
25% off:  The Great Book of Los Angeles Sports Lists (Great Book of Sports Lists)
watching book of eli. you know you have great head phones when they go through a nuclear holocaust and are still in perfect condition lol
Life is like a book,everyday has a new page,w/ adventures to tell and lessons to learn. Hv a good episode in 2012. HAPPY NEW YEAR, everyone!
Any good book suggestions twitter heads?
Watching I Am Number Four... sooo not as good as the book!
I cannot read fast enough!!!! This book is dang good!
Orlando Sa looking for some redemption in my book, score a few more goals like that on the road and we're good. Norwich 0-1 Fulham 8th min
Fuuucking done reading this book ! It was actually good LOL
:0 jane Eyre you are such a good book. To be a Bronte ...Jane Eyre and Wuthering heights from The same family !*english nerd XD *
The Help did not disappoint. The movie is almost as good as the book!
What a day for things to do, buy stuff I need b4 the year change, get my car detailed if it doesn't rain, put my head into a good book..
I need a good book to read
When you are down and out, the best thing is a good televangelists trying to give you a free book for a donation.
This book is never ending. Good because I don't want it to, bad because I have Uni work to do :(24dLuk
Journey to the center of the earth is a good book but boring
Could anyone please recommend a good book? Modern ghost story, sinister, haunting, creepy, psychological thriller ...
Sitting in bed with ginger bread cookies, coffee and a good book.  Ahhh, New Years Eve.
a client loaned me his video liberary from Telesales TV,  hey, reading your book into a camera isn't a good learning experience for anyone!
Good karma coming my way, the lad complimented my trim physique and gave me a book. A successful 3 minutes work and a good end to the year!
Bringing a book along to supper seems to be a good idea.
Martin Tupper~ A good book is the best of friends the same today and forever.
Stop drinking and stop partying so much and to delete my face book. Have more then one wife polygamy. Get out of cable for good.
If 2012 is a book, it's pages are blank now. Be a good story please :)
Judy Dench makes a good Lady Catherine, though, I'll give it that. Interestingly her dialogue is straight from the book IIRC.
One good thing about trading no matter what the score line you should get a green book with Proxtrading :)
Has anyone read the new Bill Clinton book?  worth it?  good? bad?
Reading my book on the trip... Phones  off . Enjoy ya new years ppl!!! Be blessed, be safe and allat good stuff =)
Tomorrow, is the first blank page of a 366 pages book. Write a good one.
Is Thirteen Reasons Why a good book? I got it from the library yesterday. Don't normally read but people have said its a good book.
& I know he has that same unconditional love for me, of not more! So we good in my book:) C & E u betta act like u know
David de gea not good enough cost us the game against a terrible side.. Fergie get your cheque book open today was embarrassing!!!!!
All I want in 2012 is happiness,wealth, good health, to finish my book, graduate w/ my masters & get closer to God ,Happy New Year Twitter!
I need a good book to read.. Suggestions?
kathylienfx hey kathy, what is a good book you'd recommend for Fundamental analysis of the currency
“@donalynbooks: The Best Places in the World to be on New Year’s Eve << they forgot on the couch w/ a good book!
Pride and prejudice :) such a good film, book and tv programme!!
From Simon Sinek's book "Start wiith Why" Not the best I've read but some good nuggets.
I'm ready some more pages of Lolita :) This book is really good.
I miss when we had a SQUAD good enough 2 able 2 make changes and still win !!! Get the chq book out fergie !!!
This book by Orsen Scott Card is pretty good, as expected
Going to movies to c Dragon Tattoo...anybody seen it? Was it good? I never read the book.
The hunger games is such a good book
What better way to end the last morning of the year than with a good book, a cup of coffee, and an Oliva Serie G.
i was reading your book last night and its really good x@DanniiMinogue
trying to book tickets for the carling cup online, but no good ones coming up, gonna wait till monday and get them at the ticket office
Spending the last few hours of 2011 with what I could always count on: a good book. :)
Im bout to write a book on the struggles of my life. I think it would be pretty good.
After this "vacation" I'm gonna need another one.  .About time to roll up and read a good book.
The best book I read this year? SHIP BREAKER by Paulo Bacigalupi. I'm not the target audience (teen boy) but who cares? It was so good!
Good Morning Twitter bugs! Let's meet deadline and finish this book! Intense writing begins now!
Don’t criticize what you can’t understand. Dont judge a book by its cover. You may miss out on a good story.
So had my card cloned and somebody tried to a book a flight with it. Good luck with that!Obz9HI
Feels so good to finish a book you have been reading for about a year
There's nothing like a good book, a quiet evening, and a tall drink filled with ice!@ReadWriteLuv
Who is a good author. I want a good book
Help! I need some advice on my new book and torn between first person vs third person....any signposts to a good forum - thank you :-)
love harry potter love the book the movies the actors 100% good .perfect!!!!!
"Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one." A memorable one. -C. Madriaga
Watching Pride and Prejudice. Remember my JC teacher readin this for weeks. Managed to get a 40 min nap every class. Good book tho
Good book on the iPad, fire in the fireplace, kitten in my lap, and Vivaldi on the stereo.
My book doesn't smell good anymore. It smells like vinegar or dirt or perhaps both. I am disappointed.
postalcereal the book is so good! It's very... Swedish though. It's captivating. The second is betteleUFL5
I'm going book shopping, any good recommendations? (I read everything).
Life is like a book, everyday has a new page, with adventures to tell, lessons to learn .Have a good episode in 2012....HAPPY NEW YEAR....
.@DrMatthewSweet...Yes indeed, wishing you a very splendid 2012: oh, and loved the book btw. Monstrously entertaining and v good indeed
Good morning...again. I need book recommendations on eating healthy and exercising while pregnant. I want to start doing right right now.
Steve jobs book by Walter Isaacson !! Already proving to be a good read and I have barely started reading it !!
Good Morning All, getting my mind right as I prepare to meet with Pink Star Ent. regarding the Stage Play inspired from my book, Leggo
Rolled out of bed and rolled into the hammock! Looking for a good book to read into the new year! Gonna hang with mr kindle a bit!
I shouldve asked for a good coloring book for Christmas for times like this !
First book on my iPad? Pretty Little Liars. I've never really watched the show, but I heard it was good. Worth a shot!
‎"Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one." A memorable one. -C. Madriaga
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.  ~ Paul Sweeney
One year bible challenge complete!!! Read the good book in exactly one year. Learned so much... Starting over tomorrow :)
That play last night was soo good, it was just like the book
You know its a really good book when you can picture everything going on !
Good book for new year eve. Wohoow.
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.
I've just started reading Justin Bieber's book, it is soooo good! I love it <3
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo = very, very good movie, one of the best I've seen in ages. Highly recommended. . .Now to read the book!
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him. Maya Angelou
My goal was to read up to pg 50 then id go back to hed, but this book is too good to put down :(
My brother is so sweet, doesn't read himself but went out yesterday & got my a book to read! He said he read the synopsis & it was good! :)
"Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one." A memorable one. ;) . .Happy New Year! .Cheers to 2012!
Mmmm. Hot coffee. Bagel with cream cheese. Good book. Perfect start to a weekend!
A good friend is like a wonderful book, the inside is even better than the cover!
Blackburn was a good book.
Ready to go to the mall. Btw good morning face book.  .Never again:-).
Looking for a good New Year's book. Non-fiction -  preferably growth, career, life, personal development oriented. Suggestions?
As tha book of life goes on im starting my new chapter in NY... This gon b a good book
Starting the day by reading a chapter or two of a good book's can be like an hour of meditation - gets your day started right.
Tomorrow, is the first blank page of a 365 page book. Write a good one.
All I need in this life of physics is my book, my calculator, and good old khan academy.
good after non all people on the face book pleas don't lay speak the reality  .to be honest in your lief before you daie
A guy who can read you like a good book >>>>>>>
i want to write a novel or a book. is it good idea ?
1 yr ago today I ran/walked my 1st 5K. Heading downtown to do it again! But now I can run the whole thing - makes 2011 a good yr in my book!
Felt good goin to work wit the sun up, that's rare n my book
Our life experience is relative to our experiences. We judge our book by whatever we think are told & sounds best.. A good story sells...
Celebrating new years in bed with crisps, music and a good book :)
Get the Kids Hooked on Books: Library Offers Storytime Sessions - Patch: A good book will never let you down. Being…
Hmm.  Top 2000 on the radio (Telegraph road - Dire Straits), test book in front of me and wife asking to taste shrimp salad. Life is good.
Hate the feeling you get when you finish a really good book
anyone know a good book store?
It's a children's book. No, it's an adult epic, that lacks good narrative style.
Reading the new Sherlock book A house of Silk. I'm only a few pages in but very good so far!
"Tomorrow, is the first blank page of a 365 page book. Write a good one." ~ Brad Paisley
£15 NYE massage offer. One time only! Book today! Feel good for your NYE party
Ion discriminate on females....just long as yhu beautiful, got morals/ambitions, faithful, etc && like some sex lmao yhu good in my book :)
Finished reading The perks of being a wallflower. It was such a good book.
Drawing, music, rapping, & laughter sure equals a good time in my book lol ;)
Really enjoying Murder at Pemberley by PD James which my hubby gave me for Christmas. It's good to read a real book for once.
Reading where men win glory by john krakauer. Good book.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is such a good book
My dearly beloved is so motivated this morning...I want to drink more coffee and read a good book
I haven't read that book. Not even excerpts. So I don't even know if it's good. lol But that dream seriously made me want to read it now.
Perfect day = Nirvana + Popcorn + a good book :)
"@DopestChiQa: I wanna start reading from next year. Can someone recommend a good book??apart from a dictionary and a bible?"----►VISIKI
In the year of 2011 I've had good and bad things happen to me. They are all blessings in my book. I believe everything happens for a reason.
bought Michael McIntyre's book, hopefully will give me a good laugh!
“Tomorrow, is the first blank page of a 365 page book. Write a good one.”  .― Brad Paisley
I wanna start reading from next year. Can someone recommend a good book??apart from a dictionary and a bible?
should probably start getting ready , but lee evans book is so good !! BUY IT!!
911!!! looking for a good book to read.
Good Morning!...Refreshed and ready to pamper YOU!! Call to book a session. :)
Just got a kindle, very excited! Any good book recommendations?
chermansen__ kool take a good book to read on that big track lol. Safe travels
Cant seem to put this book down, its just to good. lol
it's a good wakeup today you guys! my lady has her book in one hand & the other hand is giving belly rubs! i like this very much!
Or in my case a good book!
The hunger games is such a good book :') I can't wait to watch the movie.
Stargirl by Jerry Spinelli really made me sad. It's a good book but you need to have alot of courage to read it
I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book
Can't really be arsed with this New Year malarkey. Would quite like to stay in a sound-proofed box with a good book instead
A good book makes you think about the past and the future. It keeps you alive and helps you move forward.
The Lord has SO MUCH in store for us, but we'll Never know it if we don't read & study the Good Book (BIBLE)
Good is good and evils bad and kids get killed when god gets mad, you better take a good look at the good book.
Find 'Good Dog' in the Kindle Store as an e-book.
English book: "Alison has a good job". Me: "Yes, she has the best!".
"A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend."
Good book to read over & over again! "How to win friends & influence people" by Dale Carnegie
“@leonpryce6: Just read Garry Neville's book. Good read, enjoyed it a lot he needs to get out of fergie's arse though,”nicknames toenails
Tuesdays with Morrie is a good book but its too narrative that it gets mundane sometimes , basic conceptions and basic language , 0 beauty.
iancron Ian. Your book is so good.  Finished it last week
best bits of 2011: new job, finishing book 3, good friends, good food, good times, giving up blog and facebook, saying no more often
And I'm so sad.. like a good book, I can't put this day back..
Remembered to book taxi home for tonight's shindig.  Good to have an efficient start to 2012... Now just need to fit into frock.
Well, can't say it's the first time a book's stolen a full night of sleep from me. Good morning?Tjxeb
Thunder - time for a cup of coffee and good book
I love a good romance. Off to read my book now :) then a pamper day before this eve :)!
This months Book Club Book is The Story of Edgar Sawtelle. It's a big one, so far so good.
I try to keep a good book around for down times like this! Fuck twitter, bout to read this Malcolm X bio (Alex Haley) till I crash! Out
Night is flying by thanks to Twilight: Eclipse. This book is so good!2KI
All my good intentions and plans for these festive days off are being destroyed by Murakami's new book, 1Q84. Amazing book!
Anyone I need a good book to read?! Any suggestions
There's a book by Michael Baxandall called "Shadows and Enlightenment." Good rubric for what I'm after here.
Wish I had a REALLY good book 2 read!!!!!! :-(
Got two thirds of the way into a book before it got good, "the killing way" is said book
All I want is a nice warm fireplace and a good book.. and by fireplace i mean electric blanket and by book i mean GG.
It's sad too because no matter how many times I read Inheritance, or any book, it'll never be as good as the first time I read it
A book with 200 blank pages titled "What Men Think About Apart From Sex" outsold Harry Potter in 2011. The movie ought to be good.
Has anyone read Hari Kunzru's new book? Is it any good? Ps I liked the Impressionist but wasn't overwhelmed by it...
I wanna read a new book :) Any good recommendations?
Got a couple tables left for tonight's NYE Gourmet Night! Ring us and book your table now before it's too late! It's gonna be good!!
Marketing exam on Wed until now i don't have powerpoint slide or book.. Good girl!!
Better yet, read THE GOOD BOOK.
Watching Wuthering Heights hoping it's as good as the book.
Just when I was about to buy the book 'The power of positive thinking', I wondered what good that would do?
A good book and a cuppa, always a good way to start the day!
Your life may be the only book some people read. Make sure the story has a good ending.
This book is too good I don't want to sleep I want to finish it.
ajd_27 I've got a good story about a CX25GTi too.  We need to do a book of stories I have regarding
4am and i'm wide awake, completely emotionally drained. it's amazing what a good book (or three) can do
book my holiday to magaluf, get a subway, go to bed for a bit, get smashed! my days gonna be a good one..
Had a shower, time for a good book , and do nothing - the sofas beckoning.
“@FlanFitzzz: Someone gimme some good book suggestions!” 13 reasons why, it's a short book but it's VERY good
I just wanna snuggle under my blanket, read a good book and then watch the fireworks.
to put off writing my book, which now is making me ill (this is a good sign), i will write an article today.  it will be passable.
I honestly think the best plan is to sit at home and read a book. I would have been happier with some beer too, but a book is good enough.
Där kan man bla lära sig om hälsa: "They destroy their health who labour to protect it." The Good Book
that's how good that book is. Seriously.
The past i'll let behind, the good memories i won't forget.. But this book of bad memories belogs now to the past!
Every have a good last day of 2011.. Get fuckeeeeed, or read a book.. Whatever. But have a good day!:)
Dreams about playing soccer are always good in my book!
The Help is a good book tho...
Need a good book to read just finished 'world war Z'....   Any ideas?
“@leonpryce6: Just read Garry Neville's book. Good read, enjoyed it a lot he needs to get out of fergie's arse though,”
seriously. people should take a leaf outta my book and tweet a good old downsyndrome joke or something. shoutouts are so 2011.
Well, there were good and bad times. Time flies. What done is done. We have to move forward. Write new stories in our life-book. Cheers!
Just read Garry Neville's book. Good read, enjoyed it a lot he needs to get out of fergie's arse though,
American version of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was actually rather good. Quite true to the book. Would recommend.
Central Library is open til 4pm today. Start the New Year with a good book.
If yur a family person yur good in my book
I need to find a good book to read.
I have no words for how good The Book of Mormon was tonight.
And read something. A good book will do to usher in the new year.
Oh dear that book was not very good at all - why oh why did I feel obliged to finish it? *reproaches self for misplaced sense of propriety*
Last day of the year, feeling good. R. Simmons book Super Rich arrived today, "Have faith and courage to use your gifts to serve the world!!
My wish for 2012 is for women to give men a chance, some of us have good intentions & don't judge a book by its plastic cover.
I wish I had a good book to read right now.
close the 2011's book with all the bad things in it and open the 2012's book and prepare to write the good things in it...
Good to be writing again though! New year, more writing. Ironically the working title of my book is "Resolution".
Haven't had the time for book reading lately. Desperate to get back to good books.
I stayed up til 6am to read. Im hopeless. But hush,hush is so far a really good book.
I'd rather book a hotel room and countdown with good food and peace rather then squeeze my way through everyone in vivo
2011 has been a wierd year had sad and happy times but can't wait to close the book on it! Bring on 2012 its going to be a good one! :) xxx
however, my book is just starting to get good.
How she 14 and you 15 telling her that she going to be a good mother to her baby shut the fuck up and go color in your coloring book
A good bookshop doesnt just have the book you want, it has the book you never knew you wanted!
I told my mom I didn't have a good childhood cause growing up I don't remember having that book that teaches you how to write.
What will we book 2012, hmm good question, take good resolutions ... .Happy New Year;)
Tht book is so good ! “Co_olAssMeish feel like reading the coldest winter ever.”hFhr8L
I really dont want 2011 to end I have seen 1D at txf tour seen them on their radio tour and met them at a book signing its been a good year!
Game of Thrones is an easier book to follow than the tv programme & a surprisingly good read...so far
Anybody know of good training or courses for an experienced magazine and guidebook editor looking to move into book editing, please?
Good morning I don't want it to be new years eve yet cos I go back to school on Wednesday and I need to do a 500 word story and a maths book
reej_ I hope they take the capitol down in the next book lol. It was a really good book though, coulHNjm
that's enough cleaning & washing for 2011, time to kick back with a mug of coffee & some chockies plus a good book 'the killers of pilgrims'
Is going to have a nice soak in the bath with a good book and some chocolate :-D
Love the mortal instruments series cant wait for the 5th book! Its gonna be so good!!
I don't do the whole partying & reckless drinking scene. I'm more of the spending quality time with a good book & coffee.
I gotta read the good book tonight!
It was whilst thinking about this that I realised that I have never read a book by Vonnegut,so I don't know if its a good thing.
To all my fellow Supperclubs hosting NYE events, good luck and have fun! NYE 2012/13 Tea Party will be available to book next year! : )
Anyone has a good recommendation for a book? Fast!
So sleepy, but this book is too good to put down!
The Rainmaker (Book) is so much better than the film. The film is really good but like most book to film movies the book is BETTER.
The new girl with the dragon tattoo film is really good. Much better than the original film but never gonna beat the book.
Mae be I could just enjoy the sun at a nice beach with a good story book.
The book CRANK was so good!!!!... Now for me to go to sleep..
I remember when daborey and amira was arguing on the book. Good times.
Doctor_Andy dubious book. If I were the good lord, and someone used the miracle of life to name themuKm
New Years Eve am reading a good book. Feels good... :)
You know when your on a good chapter of your book when the first sentence is "Death smells like birthday cake."
good way to celebrate new year? grab a book, make some tea, duduk bawah air con and just chill
Need Recommendations for a good book on "JavaScript" .
Got to borrow this cool book... Its good so far.
Just read the 33 1/3 book on "In The Aeroplane Over The Sea". Good on nerdy detail + background to Elephant 6, less good on album 'meaning'.
Please who knows a very good book store in abuja?
You'll always be good in my book :))
A bank book makes good reading - better than some novels.
Same good book; new chapter!  .OAN; wishing all sick in my family a speedy recovery!
Really craving a good book right about now :$
The Good Book that turned the English language upside down
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!! So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!!!Good morning
I am having a day of intense pre 2012 organisation, followed by a night of intense pre 2012 indulgence. Good trade off in my book!
Stepped on my statistics text book and that felt so good.
I even finished this good book
On the couch after a good meal, reading a favourite book, listening to the National, while Coen cuts his hair upstairs. Very contented <3
Can anyone recommend a good book on Django? I'm in need of an absolute beginner's guide...
This must be a really good book because I am still awake reading it.
Just finished the Hunger Games at 4 in the morning. Such a good book!
"@candyTman:new year resolution is to have my first photo exhibit and book" very nice! wish love and good health for 2012 !
Gotta leave for work in 1 hour, haven't slept at all. Buried in my book all night. Not good.
the_book_girl I have no cleavage, LOL. But I have good legs. =)sck4UH
This is a good book. ##palmreadlesson
when im reading a good book,i be up All night reading it! Like i cant stop and im not gettin tired..lol i love attention grabbers,im content
Wow twitter is like a book of my life if my parents only sat down & read my tweets they'd know my as good as they think
Aijapoki It's really very hard to move a book through production that quickly and do a good job. A gw9dzl
About to read the good book...den go to bed
I'm reading a book called "JPod" by Douglas Coupland. It's rather good.
Shakespear Said, ."One best book is equal to 100  Friends, .But,   One good freind is equal to Library" ."So take good care of your FRIENDS.
NYE & my v own tradition is to pack away the chrimbo dec's, watch what 'I' want on tv tonight before bed by 10 with a good book :-)
just finished watching the 1934 film of The Count of Monte Cristo starring Robert Donat. It was a good adaptation but nothing beats the book
Is the movie any good? I think only atonement left me with a perfect impression of a book to movie adaptation.
Getting home later than I have in a long while. Reading a book about Fenway Park and listening to New Edition....Ahhh. Feels good :)
The hunger games is a good book. Thanks to whoever lent me it.
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 366 page book. Write a good one.
This book is GOOD
I should make a book . "How to be good at Call of Duty" .
i need to get up, but my book is too good to drag myself away from
The book of Exodus is always good to read that I love God.
"@Hawk_31: I need a good book to read over the break... Any suggestions?" World War Z or the Lost Symbol, non fiction - Bank on Yourself
Hmm I need a good book to read!
Ugh! Hardly any sleep last night. Was reading a good book so didn't go to sleep until 2am. Must be why my 3 yr old decided to wake at 4am!
I want some peppermint tea, a hot bath, a good book, a snuggie and someone to grease my scalp
This book I'm reading is so good. I'm glad I choose it
The comfort food a girl makes when she's heartbroken pairs well with the good book she reads</3
As tired as I am.. I can't go to bed until I read some more of my book.. It's so good!
App Gems: Top Reading Apps: There's nothing better than a good book, but these three apps are close.
This book is so good. I read this so fast, it was like a brownie sundae and I was on the second day of my period. It didn’t stand a chance.
When you’re sick of your own life, that’s a good time to pick up a book.
“@TEAM0NSTER: Pyjamas, tea, and the Xbox. :)” get a Hunter S Thompson book and you got your self a good night
but na the book of eli is a good ass movie .
Bad decision turned into a good decision tonight. Officially closing Ice King book. Thanks to all those that participated in this venture.
Book of Eli movie make me wanna start reading "the good book".. Dope movie.
It's been months since I've read a good book like Divergent. I can't read another book cause I kept thinking about it.. but..
Showered, did my nails and started reading my book. Finally going to bed! Good night :)
Good Lord. For a second there I was afraid the book was gonna end with me absolutely hating Katniss and Haymitch. Weird that's the end.
This book was soooo good! I read it in a little less than 3 days...if we count the hours :)
I need a good book to bore me to sleep right now
Its New Year's Eve  if u dont have any plans i suggest u watch the movie with same title its good ;) and book it so it will end at 12am
I have a feeling the first week of 2012 is gonna be good as I will scrape together enough money to finally buy those 4 albums & the book :B
Bought wuthering height book to entertain me on this new year's eve, let's having a good time reading.
Your life maybe the only book other people read, make sure the story has a good ending
Girl with the dragon tattoo was stellar. Shouldve read book first, but it's all good. It'll be soon on my list after Steve Jobs and 11/22/63
The Lucky One is good!! Like seriously.. This is like the first time that I am hooked to a book. Can't wait for the movie!!
Is £399 a good price for an ipad 2 or should i get a blackberry play book which is nearly exactly th
Twitter, you arnt as good as face book
I think girls need a guide book on what to do nd what not to do , that way guys no when there doing good nd when there fucking up
This book is too good to put down. Just started and I'm almost finished, but I'm tired af so I'll finish later.
I read that book and it was just as good.
ThatMackRamii My good sis got it! I'm bout to see what its called its based off that book I know thaZegVXF
My favorite book in "The Good Book" is still 2nd TimothyIaP4eQ
I really wish I didn't have to finish this book. It isn't very good. But I am who I am, and I have to know what happens. Oh well.
All I would like to do is pile into some more Gay Warrior. Damn that book is good. It's why I'm knacked today, stupid reading.
Its not good to judge a book by its cover cuz you will b the one hurt in the end
New years goal, start it off by: being active and skating on the lake and finish writing my book with good mentors.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book
Reading this book called hush hush. Its pretty good so far c:
Your life may be the only book some people read. Make sure the story has a good ending."
Hmm haven't read a good book in a while
Sitting down and reading a good book for a few hours >
“@STUDEDfcknDON Ctfu my mom said i needa read a book i was like i do read she was like wat yu read i sed TWITTER.”good one
Looking for some good sci fi / fantasy books to read. My kindle is hungry for knowledge. Just finished book 1 of hunger games. T'was good
If U Read The Book You Can Watch The Next Chapta Is The Pokey Flip And That Nigguh Name Shasta , We Ballin At The Kappa, No We Lookin Good
Good book so far.
It is 339 am good time to upload a new book to Kindle :)
cupcakes with nutella and sprinkles on top. chocolate and chocolate and chocolate and chocolate. coffee and milk and a good book and the sun
Never ask me if a book is good or not. I'm a (proud) nerd. Every book is good to me.
Seriously thought, it's a good book... But i've heard mixed reviews on it's self help qualities. The bible tends to just start wars.
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend. Beautiful Disaster jjang!
This book is so good. But I already know the ending and its gonna be sad :'/
The book I jus got done readin was soooo good like I never read a book and cried b4 lol
Took months to read the first three chapters of Girl with Dragon Tattoo, then proceed to finish the rest of the book in two days. SO. GOOD!
Ya know when you finish a good book & then you don't know what to do after its over? I have a love/hate relationship with this feeling.
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house
With a nice ice water and a good book
- stopped aht a GOOD ass point in my book ; # happy thoee . . GoodNight twitter (:
The Maze Runner is soo good. But, James Dashner, this is the first book in the series so why did you have to kill my favorite character? ;_;
On another note...up watchin the book of eli!! Movie long but good..
Not knowing what to do with life after you finish a good book...
Love my Nook! Can't decide what book to get next! What's good?!
I put so many people from my past on blast in my book! Hey it's a part of my life.. A lot of good also tho.
Watching "The book of Eli". . Good ass movie.
Writing.. My poetry skills getting good! Another 2012 goal finally publish book.
i gave up my Moco & my face book 2 not fight with her & gave up chat lines just as well to make her happy but thats not good for her at all
I imagine ur deodorant to smell like BO n a good way. "@ReichenLehmkuhl: A new deodorant by REICHEN The Fragrance, a new book, and TVShow!"
Gonna purchase a book called, "The art of learning". Some say it is good.
this would be a good time to read my book... hmm
Went to bed late last night woke early (in my book) this morning and didn't get a proper nap oh yea I'm sleeping GOOD and LATE
So I know its been out for a minute but The Book of Eli was good as hell
your automatically good at sports in my book if you got dreads and your black.
Sometimes u have to decide between starting a new chapter or closing the book fo good!! Slmt jelang tahun baru, mates! Happy count down :)
This book, is really good. I hope I finish by January 19th
Shiiit this a good book!
This book makes me think, laugh, ponder, 'love,' detach, argue, and all that other good stuff. I LOVE this intellectual nourishment! :D
I'm reading "FEED" so far a good but strange book. Implant in your brain that controls you.
Good handwriting is increasingly rare these days, so seeing it in something like a hardbound book is doubly special.  :)
I'm going to write a BOOK why I'm better then the AVERAGE NIGGA YO NIGGA and the NIGGA you want. Or think look good cuz JWASH a cute guy. :)
Read some of the devotional book I got today.  I cheated a little & read through 10 days bc the stuff was so good.
Still up... In need of a really good book or texting buddy
and just like that...I'm done with Bloodlines :) but Damn,why did Dimitri have to be there. poor Adrian. oh well the book was good :)
At the very end of "A Piece of Cake" omg this book was so good and so inspirational. Cupcakes story had put me to tears many times...
I just finished my book. This might just be a dream. It was good. I'm tired.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book.  ~Irish Proverb
New Year's Eve and I'm sick as a dog.  Bummer.  Early to bed with a good book, at least I won't be tomorrow.
Still Reading... I Need To Go To Sleep Soon But This Book Is Too Good !
Watching Game of Thrones at my buddy's house. The book is so much better. Still, HBO did a good job.
‎" Life is like a book: what matters is how good it is, not how long it is. "
Girl With The Dragon  Tattoo was pretty good. I can't imagine not having read the book before hand though.
I'm in the mood to read a good book
A bank book makes good reading - better than some novels. ~Harry Lauder
Watching the Book of Eli, this movie is so good
This book 'The Hunger Games' is really good, and... Shit just got real.
Yep, it's 12am— the 31st :) I'm going to start reading my book. Good night guys!
Finished The Future of Us. Wow. read it in a day. first time i've read a 350 page book in that length. Go me! Really good book <3
guess i gat to read a book on this, not just good at it :(
Finally in bed with my boo Shakespeare and a good book:)
I dont noe why people care less for books 2 n 3....book 2 it just as good!!!...cant wait to start 3, 2 has so much drama n intensity
good movie! wish i had read the book first. makes me want to read the girl who played with fire and the girl who kicked the hornets nest now
Okay so I have a nice book to read and a good movie to watch, but this isn't what I want to do on the eve! I want to freak out :(
Loves getting sucked into the story line of a good book, just not when it causes you to stay up until 3am AGAIN.
i need to go to the library . i want a good fuckin book to read .
Also, Destiny of the Republic (about the assassination of James Garfield) is a pretty good book. It could be adaptable to a film, idk
Boys that play atleast some type of sport ( s ) , Good in my book > > >
The Help is such a good movie. I can't wait to read the book
Good night to Oomf and I wanna shout you out fa being down bad never thought u would be so stupid be never judge a book by it's cover
DAt book was good tho, it thru me 4 a loop tho but i enjoyed readin it!!
Dante's Inferno also a good book...just make sure your not any type of religious
Ohohohohohoh a good book!! Excited to finish it.
I should go finish reading The Kite Runner. Actually a really good book. I made the whole "book to self" connection with it. That's fun..lol
Omfg. Such. A good. Book.
whoever said fairytales arent true have never read a good book
Is 'The Book of Eli' a good movie? I'd rather not waste my time if it isn't..
Lord for in your book you said your thots of me r not that of evil BUT Good,I live to testify all the Good things you've done in 2011
your no longer good in my book !
Alone at home, the good time to read a book or watching Diraemon DVD. ^^"RDJ2
About To Watch The Book Of Eli, Shit Better Be Good
2:42am sounds like a good time to start reading a 700 page book for college
I'm staying up way to late reading this book. I can't help it though, its so freaking good!!
Man I swear I should write a book about this shit im good at what I do
Lol fuck it I anit following u up... U good in mah book for now
The best time to appreciate a game is after a good book. No clue way. It's like setting up your palate.
Laying in bed reading a good book > Reading annoying tweets from total idiots on twitterK5LAtP
This book is sooooo good, It's so hard for me to take my hands off it, when my body is Begging for sleep.
RT!!!! "@dtcarter17: Need a new good book to read"
Need a new good book to read
This book is just getting too good to put down, as tired as I am
Resist your craving! Just pick a good book and read!
reading a book on christmas eve =( not good =(p8y6Y
Frm the good book. Hahaha
Anyone have a good fictional-book suggestion? I'm tired of always looking at a screen..
I should go to sleep. But this book is too damn good.
just finished The Hunger Games Book 1. Very good story. Simply written, but egaging
The awkward moment when you finish a good book / TV series and you have to face the reality of your boring life."
Read, at least, about 10 pages of any reasonable book in a day - its good for your mental sanity and strength
Any day that ends with a new pair of shoes and "my nipples are killing me" is a good day in my book. Too bad I gotta be at work in 5 hours.
just read montana 1948, the book for school this year. read it in 2 days; couldn't put it down. such a good feeling when you finish a book!
Girls that drink beer are good in my book..... we can share something I love
My book and I are off to bed. Good night twitter.
I need a new good book to read.
My winter break goal has been achieved: Finish a really good book for pure pleasure!
I havent been calm enough to read a book since the summer, i feel good now(:
Alice in Deadland is a pretty good book ^.^
We watching some good ass adult movie on cinemax...its not a flick its like a book but adult scenes...movie really fye doe!
last day of 2011 I'm spending it with junk food, music, a good book and a good movie...
I was going to go to bed early...but couldn't put my book down. (the glass castle = sooo good!!!)
Good book...the next once doesn't come out till the summer though
I always forget how good a nonfiction book can be.
We hope you enjoyed our postings over the past couple of months. And we hope you will like the book! Best wishes for 2012 - Marcus & Govert
What was the best book you read this year?
Impossible to answer this. How about 15 best? RT@BNBuzz On the last day of 2011 we want to know: What's the best book you read this year?
"Cassiopeia is again included in the Guiness World Record book for the biggest fandom in 2011." we are the BEST ♥
15 - harry potter is the best book series on the planet amen.
VISION54 gratitude:Play Your Best Golf Now book, iPhone app,inspiring coaching of pros,amateurs, coaches/teachers,get to DO what we love!#fb
I Sooo enjoyed 2011.... Mos Def a Best Year in My Book... Learned a lot, enjoyed a lot... 2012 will continue Onward & Upward.
outside a dog,a book is man best friend .inside of dog ,it's too dark to read !
It took a year, but I just finished the best Book I have ever read. ."Amen. Come, Lord Jesus."  .Think I will start the Book again tomorrow.
Finished unpacking my books! Slideshow uploading. Just in time for New Year's Eve. My best wishes to all the book lovers of the Twitterverse
Can't decide what the best album/book/magazine/exhibition... you tell me
OMG I FUCKING LOL'D xDDD "I READ A BOOK WHERE THEY TALKED ABOUT IF THERE IS LIFE AFTER DEATH AT ALL" THIS! IS. THE. BEST! xDDDD
Ima start all over...everybody gets a fresh start in my book but its up to yu to make the best of it
Ant&Dec are so funny in their autobiography. ILove this book so much. Best autobiography I have read in 2011♥
The best way to promote your children's book is through 3rd party endorsements
Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson   “@BNBuzz: On the last day of 2011 we want to know: What's the best book you read this year?”
First stop....gettn the hair did. I have the best beautician. She NEVER over book, I'll be out by 10:30 - 11
On the last day of 2011 we want to know: What's the best book you read this year?
Lee Evans' book and Roadrunner Tour DVD are actually two of the best presents EVER. He's too funny.
Reading Creatura, by Nely Cab: Unleashed is only 19 votes behind JR Ward for Best Book of 2011. Voting open until midnight! http://gravet...
Best book released in 2011? Or if you're always playing catch-up (like us), best book you read in 2011?
Freshly brewed coffee, a new book, + a pipe full of hash. The best way to start my day. ☕☀
Anong version ng Wuthering Heights ang the best at closest sa book? Anyoooone?? :))
Still a couple of tables left for this evening in Barolo Grill, make your last dinner of 2011 your best one! Book Online:...
Read the egyptian "Book Of The Dead" and interpret it the best you can...
I've taught my best friend well, she's going through the terry richardson book and is like oh that's from the monsterball, proud of her :')
i love the last song! it`s like the best book/movie of life.
RT"@krisma_kriss:"Close book 2011 » open book 2012 » ready to write the new best memories everyday with new hope and new spirit.. (•´ʃƪ`•)""
I can already say that the best part of 2012 will be Stephen King releasing a new Dark Tower book.
Finished the best book of 2011 - History of a pleasure seeker by Richard Mason
Right I need to jump off twitter & go read the rest of Save the cat. Best book on screenwriting I've vowed to finish this book before 2012.
Best book ever: Fuck it! I have been yelling Fuck it all day!!
2012 Book Releases I feel will be the best yet! This new year shall be amazing in the book world! I can feeeeeeeel it! :)
The most truthful speech is the Book of Allah,the best guidance is the guidance of Muhammad,and the worst affairs are newly invented matters
Hmmm, i'll try my best to do the first book review! :)
.@Isobel_Coleman .@abuaardvark How can a book ba "BestBook" on the MiddleEast without the role of the CFR&RIIA? "Best disinformation" betr
Best Christmas present this year; 'beats' earphones (my brothers). Worst one; a book on bridges (my granny).
I miss middle school book fairs. Those were the best parts of the semester.
The best way to trick someone into brunch is to call them while they're asleep...hang up as soon as they say yes & then book the reservation
Really enjoyed *Freedom*, by Jonathan Franzen. Best novel I've read in awhile. Don't let the Oprah's Book Club sticker deter you.
sex and the city is the most amazing movie ever. i love carrie bradshaw.  .which explains why the carrie diaries is the best book ever.
Book of 2011 is closed, welcome to 2012 w/best resolution...​آمِّينَ يَ رَ بَّلْ عَلَمِيّنْ
Best book I've read this year no doubt about it. It's quite possible for everyone to be wrong. And the 'crazy' people to be right...
Best Book of 2011 - Across The Universe by Beth Revis
Thanks God what you've done for me on 2011 i hope i get the best new book for 2012!
Clockwork Angel is the best book I have read. The words 'Malik' and 'Lottie' are in it.
Zuzu's Petals would be the best name for a book of poetry. thoughts8yN
"@tesswalton: Reading some of Looking For Alaska before hitting the sheets" best book in the world.
Best book I read this year: Slaying the Badger, by Richard Moore. On the 1986 Tour de France battle UqWZF
# Featuring over 50 of the best golf courses in South Africa, this lavishly illustrated coffee-table book presents the cream of South...
Finally managed to pick up the book again after best part of two months.  Probably the most beneficial part of me currently drowning in snot
2012 is nearly here!! Our Casino Night is full so better book early next year  is you missed out!!! Best Wished to all our followers!!!!!
Ok my Entertainment choices of the year  Best Book of the year: Game of thrones a feast for crows
best book I read in 2011 ... Neufert Architects Data  ( ._.)
1 of 2 My Best Imported Book of 2011 is How To Read A Book by Mortimer J Adler & Charles Van Doren Continued...
I haven't checked but I don't think any book on my Best of 2011 list is much over about 350pages, several under 200.
It went from best friend to "u that DAT nicca book u? Oh fukkkkk no. Slim don't even deserve ur number tho. TF wrong wit u? Ur my 1st love"
Outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend. Inside of a dog, it’s too dark to read. – Groucho Marx
The best thing about NYE is that it's January 1st tomorrow. January is when you book that 2012 chaps getaway! Zante firm fav with 6 votes..
2011 highlights got so many could write a book from the best to worst
I LOVE READING DORK DIARIES THERE HARLIOUS I'M READING DORK DIARIES HOW TO DORK YOUR DIARY OMG!!! THAT'S THE BEST BOOK IN WHOLE WORLD!!!!!!!
Jack Canfield: buy his book The Success Principles, the best way to start a new year!!
Oh bugger, in less than 8 hours I'll be drinking AGAIN *cringe* best book in to AA for new year!
I just wanted what was best for you but you turned your back on your own... that's just not right in my book...
My favorite book of 2011 is "My Milk Toof" by Inhae Lee. Best darn thing I ever thought to order, sell, buy and read.
Reading "The Etymologicon" on Kindle.  Fantastic & funny book about origin of words.  99p for the best non-tech book I've read in ages
If any of you are planning to attend the Sziget Festival in Aug from the 6th to the 13th, the best time to book is NOW. Prices double soon.
Ment to be gonna walkley for a few but really not the best move.  its a night with the jack Daniels n a book while rest of my family are out
Sometimes I feel like I should write a book, I'd give the best advice...
"You dumb-ass, you don't share me. You own me." - where she went (Adam to Mia) best quote from a book ever!!!
Trying to figure out which app works best for fb & twitter for our business. We do have work to do so we can't just book & tweet all day lol
Gota shoutout mad ppl on the book tommorow for makin 2011 the best year ever.
Best book of the year:Wizard of the crow
OMG!!! Existence is the best book ever! I literally cried!
BookwormBaby25 You're the best! Thank you! Just grabbed the first book. Since it's PDF, I wonder if
Of all the platforms available for bitching about Face Book, Face Book is still the best.
Feel like reading The Book Thief again, just because it is probably one of the best books I will ever read.
Just finished "Why Read Marx Today?" by Jonathan Wolff. A nice & clear little book - best short introduction to Marx I've read.
I'm planning on reading a bit from The Satanarchaeolidealcohellish Notion Potion by Michael Ende. Best book for New Year's Eve.
I want to bow down to Snyder's writing on the new Batman book. It's just the best thing ever. Lobdell's writing can go jump off a cliff.
Omo i've forgotten drt money for best demography student sha!motivation!off to read my book yo.
Wasted 2hrs on Dorian Gray last night. Half the best lines from the book absent and no subtlety; just lots of gratuitous boob shots. Drivel.
Best selling book of 3011: "8-axis Tine Machines for Dummies"
Seriously, Tsurumi's book is like the best book ever.
This is definitely one of the best books I could have been assigned, and probably the best Russian Lit book I've read so far
ShivPuraan!"@cricketaakash: And how about the best book u read in 2011? I'd go with Ramachandar Guha's 'A Corner of a foreign field' Yours?"
Best email reply we got from one of our authors: (Peyton's)--- When are you going to publish your book? Author: WHEN I GROW UP!!!
Hey, they write a book about me. That will cool if they write "best seller" on the cover
And how about the best book u read in 2011? I'd go with Ramachandar Guha's 'A Corner of a foreign field' Yours?
Rough sex is the best in my book :)
I could honesty make millions if I put all that my dad says into a book... Humor at its best!Smw5z
My best advice at this time is refer back to earlier tweets about Book of Eli
Harry Potter is not just a book with some wizards and witches in it. It's the best guide in life you will ever see.
Freedom of speech, Weezy a best, open her up like a book, read it and weep.
Discount BEST TO CORPORATE FINANCE BOOK!!
This Law of Abundance is the best Business book i have ever read. You cant go wrong in any business you wish to take :) highly recommend it
this pizza i just made could go down in guisness book of world records. = best tasting pizaa evaaaa holllla
Before the book of face & twitter hv a conniption, HAPPY NEW YEAR! I hope 2012 is ur best year yet!!
2011 - Best Book I Read: Farmer Buckley's exploding pants
THE CARTEL is the best book ever written .
The Absence of Color is the best Audio book EVER
I just finished the best book I have EVER READ IN MY LIFE OMG .
The best book I read in the year 2011 is .... The world if Flat
Playing videos is what The Book does best
Spent $40 at the Comic Book store today. Gonna read them all tomorrow. Happy New Years eve and happy bday to my Best Friend Derrick
I tried my best to be guarded, but I'm an open book instead
Just sold the 3rd book of the Hunger Games...the best thing is, I only had it for sale for about 4 hours.
Best of Quilting Arts Book Giveaway! - Quilting Daily - Quilting Dailym7M0VH
Now, I'm opening a book, title, The World's Best Fairy Tales.
Next year I will start working on my best of list at once since at the end of the yea I have forgotten how much I loved each book
Toy Story 1 is still THE best animation movie in my book. @ Fox Family Movies
im whatching the note book best romantic movie ever
I am going to write a book about this night, and it will be a new york times best-seller due to it's just-believeable series of events.
I would have to say that "brave girl eating" is the best book I have ever read. And I have read A LOT of books. That & a piece of cake.
I'm starting New Year as I mean to continue: by having it off. Best wishes to all. *puts down Benny Hill joke book, picks up suitcase*
Watching the Book of Eli..I never get tired of that movie..Denzel is the best!
2012 the Year of Kara. I will send off my book, I will travel, I will be the best I can be. After all shouldnt we all?
YOOOOO A CHILD CALLED "IT" LIKE YES ITS BASE ON A TRYE STORY MOM WAS CRAZY BUT THATS NOT THE BEST BOOK YU SERIOUS? !
Best gifts for me are tech, clothes or books. Tech cant be anything cheap. Threads are fine from socks to frames. If a book, something cool.
best christmas ever:/ i buy my mom a summer home in Cabo San Lucas, i get a book, which i already have. thanks mom.
ima write a book and title it "Ways to agitate Sheldon" ...itll be a best seller
The best of 2011..Book recommendations by Indian Authors--including me :)
he underline the book, oh fucking stupid read the book is best!
reading back the diary book and all the best memories came up to my mind
I'm going to write a fucking novel about my life and itll become a fucking new york times best seller like every other book in this world
Damn, I feel like im writing a god damn book to my best friend.
Listen up male authors! The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes.  ~Agatha Christie
Best night of my life ((: ♥ one for the big book!
My beloved seniors/college students: what's the best SAT study guide book thingy? Lol
just finished my book , the best by far . wish i had a love like them :/
Phantom of the Opera is the best BOOK, MUSICAL, and MOVIE ever! Period. Case closed. :D
The loyalty to the book is the best thing in the movie. A Harry Potter movie
So excited my mom finally finished my cook book covered in my grandmothers old feed sack :) it was the best christmas present!
Lars W. Vencelowe & friends: Best book award 2011
Outside of a dog, a book is probably man’s best friend, and inside of a dog, it’s too dark to read.
The Best of Me is an amazing book.
What's the best book You've ever read?
ape je org2 yg ckp ombak rindu best gile . i suggest they read the book first then they'll know that the show isn't that good .
The best teachers teach from the heart, not from the book.
I swear , every book is a New York Times best seller !
Best idea ever - Book where the words glow in the dark
“@sara_strick: Give me a good book over the tv any day  >” and this is why we're best friends
Ima rite a book called "the fall and the rise" talkn about why 2011 was collectively my worst year of life and how 2012 could be my best
I've written a book on the art of writing best selling books but the dog ate it.
My daughter has me watching a Bratz marathon....thanks Netflix. O-o Quality time at its best. Next up Jungle Book 2.
I need to write a book . " How to get a Niggah in 10 Days" . I swear it will be on the best sellers list . Lol .
When people ask "what's the best apple iPad app for my 7 year old?" I want to hit them, with a children's book.
Reading a self-help book I found in my best friends room, I never thought it would come to this
If you're ever feeling a little without faith...read "heaven is for real." Your life will be changed I promise you! Best book I've ever read
love Varen, hate isobel. if my bf dumped me, I wouldn't throw a best friends prized book away, trash the bathroom, yell at unpopulars etc...
Lost my first 2011 sketch book in Bangkok. Bought a new one there tapi tak se-best yang asal. So sad.
I thnk if i wrote a book on my life it wud be a best seller.. Real Talk
Saw Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and was disappointed (book is the best); saw Sherlock Holmes which I was pleased with though confused by
Max and the wild things  is the best children's book ever.
I can write a book about my life, my familg, nd my thoughts....And be 'best selling' author
In my book, Ethics 101: Why Not Be the Best We Could Be?, I describe seven principles to guide people's lives.
"Outside of a dog, a book is probably man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read." -- Groucho Marx
The Perks of Being a Wallflower = Best book ever.
RIP VIOLET. THE BEST HAWK I EVER KNEW. I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT TIME WE GOT COFFEE AT JOE'S & YOU RECOMMENDED THAT GERALD DURRELL BOOK
The most interesting book i ever read -HP and goblet of fire....it's the best among the HP series =)
Just finished the best and happiest chick flick romance book ever and now I'm sad. Ugh typical.
Best book you read in 2011?
Learnt from R Kanigel, the best known biographer of S Ramanujan, that finally his book is resulting in a film, Madhavan to play the genius
This book radically changes my life every time I read it. Best book ever.
Drunken confessions are the best!!  They make good innards for the book.  LOL
"My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read."_____Abraham Lincoln
Midnight In Paris is the best film I've seen in a very long time. It felt like reading a good book.
Fuck fuck fuck my minds trynna get the best of me *runs and gets book*
why are almost all authors in book stores "best selling authors"? seriously. they can't all be???
I should write a book about the year 2011. It will def be a Best-Seller!
Best book I read in 2011: The Spoon River Anthology by Edgar Lee Masters. Damn that was some gooooood American poetry.
We use Mac book pros iPads beats  by DRE headphones nothing but the best they use cheap shit haha
Just finished the outline for my book. A best seller!!!! Good night all.
activists, visionaries, occupiers, friends... .what is the best book available on peacemaking, nonviolence, pacifism, satyagraha, etc?
Last hang out of the year with the ratpack tonight :) I got a handmade scarf, a funny book, smokes, and a rosary. These bitches are the best
“@4evr_superwoman: I swear I always shed a tear when I watch The Notebook what they had was def true love best romance movie n my book
Derrick Rose and Kevin Durant are the best players in the NBA in my book!!!
Da best gift u can have is to b Street Smart n Book Smart...Everybody dnt have dat
Heaven is for real is probably the best book I have ever read.
the BEST quote for the students out there: .i'd rather open my Facebook.. . .than to "FACE my BOOK"     :)) . . . .happy new year !!!!!!!
I swear I always shed a tear when I watch The Notebook what they had was def true love best romance movie n my book
I read in Brocks book that his doctor said he should retire if he had the surgery... He gave it a chance, lost and he's retired for the best
I'm gonna have a best-selling book one day.
I was trying to read my book, but twitter got the best of me.
Thats The Second Best PG In My Book
Best book I read this year? On the Night You Were Born. Totally serious. Go read it now.
The Last Victim is the best book I've ever read.
Best book i have ever read? Thats debatably the hunger games!
Hunger games is the best fucking books I've ever read. I'm on book two and it's freaking amazing. !
smiling is the second best thing you could do with your lips! . .LOL i love this book....and that pickup line hehehe :)
Reading the book Adopting After Infertility by Patricia Johnston, by far the best book dealing w/ IF suggested by a friend who understands.
The best in my book
I try my best to be guarded, I'm an open book instead.
The best thing abt this book so far is Stefan and Katherine. I feel sad that she died or whatever and that he couldnt be w her forever.
I love Best Coast, but the lyrics were written by taking any book on codependency in a blender then removing any words above 3 syllables.
man thats a tough question but i think CP3 is the best Text book PG id have to take him D rose relies on his athleticism which can decline.
Eric and I got this awesome paper toy monster book!! Best thing since sliced bread!mE8hy
Book best suited to reading in the bathroom read this year (tie): Updike's Due Considerations / Helen Vendler's Shakespeare's Sonnets.#bests
The bubble is the best trick in the book
In MY book the best kind of relationship is when they're not only your lover, but your best friend too.
That's the best hymn in the book, idc what anyone says!
Book and Street smart. The best way to go.
DERICK ROSE NOT THE BEST TEXT BOOK POINT GAURD CAUSE HE CANT READ
Catching Fire is the fuckin best book!!! Team Peeta all the way!!!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Best book. And now best movie.
The broken locks were a warning; you got inside my head. I tried my best to be guarded; I'm an open book instead.
I got that book from my best friend to bad he doesn't have twitter..
Best part of the day was watching Harry Potter & the Philosopher's Stone with my 6-almost-7-yr-old (of course we read the book first!)
"I want you to choose me, to choose us, every day and always." - from Before Ever after, best book I've read this 2011 ♥
The hunger games book might be the best book ive ever read! I cant wait for the movie!
I swear I know my best friend like a book lmfaooo.
Have I ever told y'all about how my PowerBook G3 (Pismo) was the best Apple machine I've owned? It was the LAST 'book made for longevity.
I also got an e-reader and now I have no idea what to read. What was the best book you read this year?
Just finished Stephen King's 11/22/67. Best book I read this year.  And I read A LOT of books.
one bullet away=best book I ever read. and I'm only on chapter 3!IHCzM4
lebron has always been the 2nd best player in the nab in my book .Durant is 3rd and will remain there .a lot of ppl will disagree .so what!
Just finished DON'T BREATHE A WORD. Easily *the* best book of 2011! Go read it. Now.
my mom gave me a lot for Christmas but the best present was a book called The Power Of Faith an Focus, everyone needs to read it! ITS GREAT
On that note, don't watch the film if you haven't read the book. That's like eating your first strawberry without its best friend fondue.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read - Groucho Marx, The Essential Groucho
ISBN 978-1-4143-0709-1 BEST BOOK!! Everyone must read this book!!
I've reading The Way of Shadows by Brent Weeks. Holy crap I can't put it down. Best book I've read for fun in a long time.
Captain America is by far the best comic book moive of 2011. As an added bonus, Chris Evans isn't too bad to look at either :)
Cool now thats a good Son Happy New Years to you & your mon n best of luck with the book!!!!!@JoesDaily
Let's do a "Best of 2011..." Best song? Movie? Book?  .Song - 'Motivation Remix'  Kelly Rowland ; Movies - 'Hanna'; Book -  'The Velvet Rage'
I don't really care anymore, it just feels really good to be bottle blonde again, reading the best book ever, and ending the fucking year.
Well I guess I could look at that 100 best cupcake recipes book I got for Christmas...
Reading an amazing book by the best author ever, Lurlene McDaniel. Been out with my awesome mom, had the best time!!!
The Good Book said it best "So also faith alone without works is dead." James 2:17
You know who I miss on the patriots..... Rodney Harrison! He was the man! Best Safety Ever in my book!!!
reading an awesome book thanks to the courtesy of my best friend :D.
Drew brees best QBever only one in world records book kobe can score 30points or even more samthing with the assist
"surprise me" is the best order in the book
Just started watching Atlas Shrugged... Best Book Ever written! Of course I never read it, I had it read to me: all 62 hours of it! ;)
Off to immerse myself in a good book. Have a great night/day, Everyone. Best of a weekend and a wonderful New Year's to you all, too. <3
If you are folks like us, New Years is best spent with a book or a dear friend setting intentions. Own that!
Just finished the best book. In tears. So fabulous!
Not having my phone tonight at work was probably the best move ever, I just smashed on 1/3 of this book that I've been accidentally avoiding
I'll be the book you never read, the test you never took, the song you never sang, the person you never knew, & the best you never had. :D ♥
ohhhmahgosssh tonight will prolli be one of my best nights in 2011. : D if we make this move my sister will defly be the shit in my book!
Best book : The Hot Box
Finished "Unbroken" by Laura Hillenbrand. Best Book ever read! Do yourself a favor and get it.
Smashing a book on my head is probably not the best idea when it hurts, right?
"@iScreamKITTY: I really gotta read The Hunger Games." YES YOU DO! Asdfghjkl BEST BOOK EVER.
"@WlZDOM: Best idea; Books where the letters glow in the dark." Oh my god, this would be amazing for my book obsession.
One day I am going to write a book called "Conversations With My Father" and it will be a best seller lol
I think my next purchase will be a mac book pro! My first 2 computers were Mac's&ppl laughed but now they're the best on the market!
Who is the best comic book villian or bad guy/woman??
Man it feels good deleting hoes outta my phone book. Best feeling of 2011
the best thing about a Mac Book Pro is that it has no fan, soo you can put it anywhere without it heating up!
“@MissL_Michelle: The best part about having lost all of my contacts is that I get to decide who I want in my phone book :P” mee of course!
Just finished the hunger games. By far the best book I've read in years.
this dave grohl book i've got is the best thing i've ever read, so moving
I think everyone should read Th1rteen R3asons Why at least once. Its such a good book, without a doubt the best I've read.
read 2 full books in the past 5 days... :) "Two Way Street" by Lauren Barnholdt (BEST BOOK EVERRR) + "Perfect You" by Elizabeth Scott. (c)
Breaking in the soaker tub with a new book. BEST. NIGHT. EVER.
Life is a book. You will be judged by its cover. Dedicate yours to God, and it's a guaranteed best-seller
2012 is a new page in the same book ,people should try to change for the best and believe that they can DO it ~#GoodNight
