When we reach 1000 fans on facebook we're giving away a free spa day! So I hope you have liked us on facebook for your chance to win!
400 Facebook fans!!! Thank you for your support Yowzit fans!
To all of our wonderful "Facebook" fans, we hope a visit to Rumba is on your to do list for 2012.
I have one day to make my yearly goal of Facebook fans... Everyone please hit the like button on Veiga Entertainment. Thank you!
Heeeeeeeeeey! El 'Forever Alone' comenzó en tumblr. NO en twitter, NO en facebook, therefore, fans de Facebook, DEJEN DE USARLO!
Final day for 2011. Happy New Year to all Facebook fans and Twitter followers out there! :) Be safe!
Dropping new songs*** New Years present from me to the fans!! STAY TUNED TO TWITTER & FACEBOOK..
SPRT wants to thank all the fans!! do you guys want our FaceBook page?
Grrr, people on facebook. Stop re posting zooey/josephs new years song. I'm their biggest fans. Get out of here.
I sorry to the facebook fans but its D. E. A. D
Who can tell me where you can find the coupons on our facebook page here? Just for being our fans you get extra special discounts!!
Otp wit my g she funny as hell talmbout ok got facebook fans lmaoo
hello fans pls like me in facebook plsssssssss.
Happy New Year Fans...Thanks for helping us make the TNS Facebook page a successful launch in 2011.  Looking forward to 2012!
Hey all 1D fans! Go like this page on facebook!!! One Direction Fans
That awkward moment when جیم باب جو friends you on Facebook."
now she know she had that facebook for a good 6 months and still in the 100 rank of friends ! ( no clout at all )
BigHair,WorkinOut,AnimalPrint,Football,Twitter,Facebook,Friends,Family,Boyfriend,Tanning,&&&&Food >  .All I need to live! :)
I can't wait until I graduate so I can delete all unnecessary phone numbers and delete a huge amount of facebook friends
If you name your photo album "Cool Story, Bro" on Facebook, I don't think we could be friends. Like evar.
I'm so confused... since when are we friends on Facebook??? :o
hacking my friends facebook hasnt been funnier xD
I don't become friends with slutttttttttts on facebook... LMFAO
I don't add anybody on facebook unless I know them personally or we have 20+ mutual friends. That's my ultimatum.
My favorite line while out.... "I'm friends with you on facebook" lmao sooooo?
Semi-quitting Facebook. I think people search for drama & I no like. Maybe it's because we are called friends when we really arent!!
If we have no friends in common, how are you finding my facebook..?
Half of the people I'm friends with on facebook stay there just so I can judge them to the fullest extent.
Again, AAA is not doing tipsy tows. Don't believe your dumb ass Facebook friends. Except me because I work for them. Trust me on this
i danced. and now i am watching a Bourne movie and tweeting and facbooking. if your friends on facebook with me, like my truth is status!
I ain't even friends with that little girl on Facebook but somehow those nosy, judgmental, gossiping little girls got her all on my newsfeed
My friends on Facebook are just now realizing that Temple Run is addicting. I could have told them that weeks ago.
Twitterpressure: The act of pressuring one of your poor friends, who are probably still living in the days of facebook, to get a twitter..
Were friends on facebook  , not friends out n the public so dnt b shock wen I c u & dnt speak .
I like twitter friends better than my facebook friends C;
I don't overstand how these people whom I have No mutual friends with find me on facebook dog .... :/
Happy New Year to all our friends and family on Facebook. Looking forward to a massive 2012 for Zaidee's :-)
sumpah aku tak ready nak tinggalkan phone, twitter, laptop, facebook, friends, followers, dunhill, belanga, cc, game, and start new life =')
on emoni's facebook making friends .
Need Facebook friends to chat. Add me.      Monique boss
Facebook, too. I hate when it says "Ashley Smith is now friends with Jason Pitts" I don't give a shit!!!! I'm not neither of them fuckers
lol im looking at all the pictures on my moms friends facebook. she never smiles. every photo is just :l :l :l :l and so on..
It's sad to me that my real friends are on facebook but I come to twitter for help.
hate it when people from my facebook friends list express shitty opinions about tumblr. kill yourself
I just realized that 4 of my facebook friends have the same birthday as me... COOL :D
wish i had as much followers on twitter as friends that i do on facebook..
I wonder if the friends that come up on my "friends column" on my facebook profile are actually my top stalkers
I have some UGLY ass Facebook friends. OMG.
Cleaning out my facebook friends..wanna go from 896 to 700 (:
why and how do ppl off my facebook find my tumblr how u weirdos I TOOK IT OFF MY FB BC I DONT LIKE MOST OF MY FB FRIENDS im not that cool
Sorry we don't all have 1,000+ friends on Facebook and get "likes" for every pointless status we put up.
UGHHHHHH i finally find a cute guy and my friends have to add him on facebook and have his number and he barely talks to me now..THANKS! :(
I like the new facebook timeline layout . . My banner is too cute.(Fbook friends now what I'm talking about)
2012 I hope my Facebook friends step up their fashion senses, and their lingo. I don't like being so far ahead, it makes me feel like alien
hahaha so one of my cousin friends put on facebook he havn a party at dis vacaned house doin some shit an the police cam cuz they moniter fb
Watching gangland and deleting everyone stupid off my facebook. I'll prob have 59 friends when I'm done.
Haa so my sister and her friend are making a shoutout video for all her liddol friends on facebook wackk:p
No Facebook, they aren't "Suggested friends". They're people I'm intentionally avoiding
I'm so late ! ! Waliyha has too many friends on facebook :((((
i don't know half of my friends on facebook. So when i read my inboxes,& scroll down my newsfeed , im lookin like "Who tf are you?" Kml
No Facebook, they aren't "Suggested friends." They're people I'm intentionally avoiding.
"Like for a tbh and ia." Dear facebook friends, tbh: i hate you all and ia: that you all do SUCKY tbh and ia. :p
and im beginning to unfollow & block facebook friends ..................... argggghhhhhh
bout hack my mama facebook and tell her friends bout they self ! mmhmm
Happy New year friends , tuhada new year resolution Ki hai, Mein tan facebook use karni ghat kar deni , hafte ch ek din sirf
sucks when you goin through facebook, checkin up on old friends and u findin out some folks locked up and/or just not doin so well smh
Lmao, I love it when my mom reads her friends Facebook posts to me . I swear she has some dumb friends .
That awkward moment when you've been facebook friends with a random mexcian since 09..
idk how me and some of these people on facebook are friends
Speak to your friends in any language on Facebook Messenger using SpeechTrans - The Real Life Universal Sci-Fi Translator
The funniest I have ever seen today in my TL "RT for a TBH"...u must have confused ur followers for ur Facebook friends
so everyones escaping facebook by making a twitter...then following all their facebook friends. oh yeah thats understandable.
Since it's so boring I'm liking all of my friends status in facebook whatever language they used... nyahahah.
Got a broken heart? Need support from your friends? Post it on facebook.
What the hell? My Facebook got like cancelled because I sent friend requests to people who I have few friends in common with?
My sister be on her friends Facebook pages instead of making her own. That's stupid
Went thru my friends list on facebook and saw this BAD BITCH O M F G !!	And she a lesbian.. If I was still a cheater I would tawk
Nice number of friends in facebook.... 2277.... Happy New Year all friends. We can do all things in Jesus. Amen!
if we are friends on Facebook feel free to read my "review of 2011" note. I just posted it. Enjoy. :)
Anyone can have alot of friends on facebook, Not anyone can have alot of followers on twitter.
"@ShakeNJakee: Fuck Facebook Crews. All I Need Is A Handful Of My Closest Friends!"
Facebook is for for friends who are now strangers, Twitter is for strangers who should be your friends.
IF I'M FACEBOOK FRIENDS WITH YOU, GO LIKE MY TRUTH IS SO I'M NOT A LONER PLEASE. IF NOT ADD ME, I'LL LINK YOU, JUST ASK.~
how in the hell do you remove friends on Facebook now?
Lol my friends mad cause I took over there news feeds on facebook
That moment a Hot guy followers you on twitter and you start freaking out. Cause Facebook only has your loser friends lol (;
Ima just be ghetto n see the piks my friends post on facebook
now I gotta think of a new insane thing to do for all my facebook friends and don't say 10,000 beetle borgs links because I already did that
Dear Facebook Friends, Family, Acquaintances, and Creepy People Who I've Never Met: I now have Twitter. (But don't expect much...)
I have more friends online on box then facebook ...
I was chatting, on Facebook, with a guy i used to like. We used to be best friends till i moved away... He now has a girlfriend -__-
if you capitalize every single word of your facebook status, we are probably not friends in real life.
Roses are red, Facebook is blue, no mutual friends...who the hell are you?! 0_o
No, PornHub, I would NOT like to share this video with my friends and family on facebook.
Fuck Facebook Crews. All I Need Is A Handful Of My Closest Friends!
Me without you is like Facebook without friends, YouTube without videos, and Google with no results.
facebook and twitter are really like friends to you you just talk to it and vent and you sorta feel releived afterwards
Facebook says we’re friends, but trust me… I wouldn’t hesitate to throw a chair at your face
hahaha dancing with my friends &twitter &facebook xd hahaha aww ke kuraa haha loa amooo lokitosss hemoxoxosssss love u
Were not really friends. But,i don't have a choice, Facebook only has a "friends" section. If there was a "I hate you" or "sluts" it be diff
Me without you is like facebook with no friends, youtube with no videos, and google with no results... Q
Lmao girl said "You talk to two girls I know" I said shut up you just seen we became friends on Facebook.
I be snapping on my FACEBOOK friends though . LMFAO they probably got sick of me not responding to none of they stuff , they be so ugly man
Umm sm one plz help me. I am a tweet idiot LOL...is followers the same as friends on Facebook ??
Saw All my twitter & facebook friends like shit in that partyy llsss
I need to delete 80% of my 'friends' on facebook. Its ppl pages on there I still ain't seen
Ew. Dont have your Port Washington friends add me on Facebook.
the reason why i dont put my tweets on facebook is because i have adult friends ..... and i put more of me on twitter
I only have 839 Facebook friends.
Sometimes I read things on facebook or BBM's recent updates and wonder why I'm friends with that shit :|
I made my twitter so my close friends can follow me. To all my brown followers... if you're going to say something, go use facebook. Fags.
2012 hopefully its goin to b a good year for me!!!! Happy New Years to all tweet friends and facebook friends and family
Anyone know how I can add Friends from my fan page to my personal page on Facebook?Need to just have
Wanna locked my facebook :s they are who not on my friends list writing what they own on my wall. Waste~
friends don't let friends use facebook timeline
OMG i have 666 friends on Facebook !..... you can just call me Evil Ging xD
All them facebook friends for nothin, the should change to fakebook..
Facebook could go for a Twitter Jail kinda thing for some of my FB friends...
We don't go on facebook/twitter to read your personal problems with your 'friends'. Get over it.
people who list their friends as their grandmother or other family relations on facebook are my least favorite kind of people.
I swear I'm friends with some crackheads on Facebook.
Haha: my Facebook status is about my 6 year anniversary and one of M's good friends commented 'Tell
Twitter is nice, but unless we're friends on facebook it's not official. :/
Cleaning out my friends list on Facebook.
Time to start deleting people from facebook. My friends list is too high. Half of them don't care about me and VICE VERSA.
HEY I know we are still Facebook friends but you don't get to randomly comment on my old status'!
i love when i delete someone on facebook then their friends automatically have to delete me. lol........
I have more Facebook and RL friends than i do followers on here lmao *shrugs*
“@YoHoLike_MeTho_: I wish I gained followers like I gain friends on Facebook”
''You might have hundreds and hundreds of friends on facebook, but they're not your friends. How many are willing to sacrifice for you?''
My followers are slowly becoming my "friends list" from Facebook. This is not good, because I be talking about some of those jokers on here.
On facebook, the government knows who you are, who and where your family is..who and where your friends are...might as well have a chip
Just read on facebook: "Kelly Kunik is now friends with Diabetes."
phone and facebook haven't gone off in atleast 2 hours... hmmm must mean all my friends are out and no one invited me. story of my life
All my Facebook friends are doing "Sake bombs wit the boyz" tonight and totally forgot to invite me :( LOL.
I'm thinking about just going through my friends on facebook and deleting a bunch of people from my school that I don't like
No silly facebook girl, you didn't "hack" your friends profile. You just got on her computer while she was still logged on. Thanks.
I wonder if someone will ever knock on my door and say, "Hey we have 7 mutual friends on Facebook, may I come in?"
It pisses me off that you seem to care more about your  facebook friends and twitter followers than WJST7N
so i'm going through all my facebook friends and deleting people i've never spoke a word to or just don't really talk to them.
2 keep it 100 with yall I don't even request 2 add niggas as friends on facebook unless I really know them know them  RS
My Dad is FB chatting with his friends on facebook and having a hard time. omg.
"You are no longer friends w dot dot dot" -Facebook
"Super rich kids with nothing but fake friends . " |  saw that on Facebook .
I feel sorry for your parents. Im only facebook friends with you and you annoy the shit out of me
Hoping my Twitter page in unattractive enough to keep Facebook "Friends" away. Time to build and pretend to care once more.
Tried to take a picture of this alley cat I'm hanging out with but it ran away and said no pictures for Facebook We're not even friends Idgi
If you have more than 500 facebook friends, kill 'yoself.
idk if i should delete facebook or not. cause what if i wanna talk to my illiterate twitter friends. hmmmm,
when facebook tells me that it's someone's birthday and I'm not even friends with them...
iPhone Facebook app doesn't let you delete friends anymore? Now what am I supposed to do?
"@inYOURdreams239: my facebook friends are annoying." << tell me about it ughh
Happy New Year Tweeps and Facebook friends...☺
When I send a friend request, Facebook lets me specify "Close Friends" "Acquaintances" but not "Fingered one time at a party"?
Someone forgot to sign out of FaceBook on a computer at Office Depot. and now all of Cheryl Dobbs' friends knows she gives good head..
I wish I gained followers like I gain friends on Facebook
How you have 6,000 friends on Facebook but only have 30 followers on twitter  .Something ant right
Twitter. Tiny Tower. Facebook. Words with Friends. Instagram. Lesbian moms. What a Friday night!!
There are a few of my friends that are still on the "facebook movement" that i will like to have on twitter.
No I will not add you on facebook because your name is ishmal and we have no friends in common.
Facebook is meant for wishing friends happy birthday.
Good thing some of my friends only have facebook because they don't see my ass tweeting! They'll get a response in like 2 hours! Lol
If I invite all my facebook and twitter friends for a new year party, i will need a football stadium
We are all friends on facebook but outside we don't even say " Hi "
Looking forward to doing more book clubs in 2012!  Thank you to my new friends on facebook!
reasons to get into university of toronto: bragging in facebook to friends and to give the middle finger to my hatas.
id rather have 100 friends on facebook and 800 followers on twitter
Lol yesterday I got 400 followers on twitter and now I have 400 friends on Facebook :L
That awkward moment when your friends with someone on Facebook and you have no idea who they are!!
keep seeing statuses about drama on facebook but I don't see the actual content. good thing I have all people I like as friends haha
you know you're a good friend when you airbrush all your friends before uploading photos to facebook...and you don't tell them.
This girl deleted me from facebook. Then her boyfriend added me. Now look who wants to be friends again! smh. He can't have friends girl?
my facebook friends are annoying.
if i deleted all of the people who be having those "lms" statuses i wouldn't have any friends left on facebook lol
bored theres nothin to do need to get some more friends on twitter so now i gotta log on to facebook !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! # lovin life
Facebook says we’re friends, but trust me… I wouldn’t hesitate to throw a chair at your facee.;
i need to see who i'm actually friends with on facebook...cuz this just blew my mind
so you tell me oh yes let's be best friends again and talk all the time and blah blah blah. BUT YET YOURE IGNORING ME AND GOING ON FACEBOOK
If we have 75 mutual friends on Facebook and we aren't friends, the likelihood that I fucking hate you is 100%
Just got off a quick "IT" call with my mom. I taught her how to unsubscribe from one of her Facebook friends. :-)
Ugly Facebook Friends<<<<
Am I the only one bothered by smoochie profile pictures on Facebook...  .I mean go for it but you're probably friends with our mom .C'mon
lmaooo , just liked at one of my friends on facebook pictures & she tried to do my pose ! lmfaoooooo ! i did that shit WAY better !
i hate when my mom comments or likes my stuff on facebook, were not friends so stop
If you change your facebook layout to timeline, we are no longer friends
mariaperkio with random people around the world, or Facebook friends that have it downloaded...
my last night on facebook  .no one will ever see me online again .bye facebook hope you have fun with your friends  .chatting deuces
Think about how powerful twitter and facebook can be when ur beefing with somebody especially if u have a lot of friends and followers geez
Twitter; a place to fangirl over celebs with stangers. Facebook; a place to get tired of your real friends.
All these "I found my cause of death" on Facebook aren't cool. A lot of teens lost close friends this year. It isn't funny.
"1,327 friends posted on Lia's Timeline." Excuse me facebook, but I don't even have that many friends?
my other facebook now has 45 friends ha hahaha ha YAY
I need some new Facebook friends
Got Champange..and other groceries. caught up with friends on Facebook.. tidied house. Ready for tomorrow!
I want as many followers as friends I have on facebook
Hey let's get our friends moms to take pictures of us, we can be Facebook models!
Lesson of the day,don't let drunk friends on facebook, they add people who do not need to be added.
it's weird how, unlike most people, i know all of my facebook friends.
"Are we friends on Facebook?!" -The one and only, Shay Massey.
If we're not friends on Facebook, we aren't friends period! Ain't official until it's Facebook official!
GIRLS, MY FRIENDS, LET'S PLAN THIS VIA FACEBOOK MESSAGES. PLZ
I dont think I need social networks in 2012. I have 92% of my followers and facebook friends number if I ever should need em.!
OHMYGAWD. Some tumblr famous guy i have as friends on facebook liked my picture . BRB DYINNNGGGGGGG.
dear facebook I've "Poked" all my friends. Can you please add a "Sit on my face" button?
Uhm since when did all these girls delete me from their friends on facebook ...
I feel like Sage is the only one on twitter i wanna be friends with on facebook *shrugs* oh well =D
Do any of my graphically inclined friends want to layout some quotes for me? More info on my Facebook.
I'm dedicating, Pinball Hall of Fame: The Williams Collection to my gaming friends on Facebook and Twitter. Keep the basics at heart.
RT“@KattWillliams That awkward moment when جیم باب جو friends you on Facebook.”
An article says people being depressing is one of the reasons others delete them on Facebook. Probably why my friends deleted me from life.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL FRIENDS IN MY FACEBOOK !!! .#
i have stalked everyone on facebook. need more friends
When your friends make plans without you . and post about them on facebook <<<<<<<
What, is it, like, let's add people I've barely/never met but have mutual friends day on Facebook? Three requests is a record by any stretch
K friends....leaving facebook..c u on next year... :)                       live green....
Annoying moment all friends in ur class get photos tag on facebook for something important but you find out ur name out of the list....;(
I can't wait to get real friends so I can replace all these people on Facebook
To My Facebook Friends Tweet* .Will be taking a break from technology.
Dear Facebook friends, .who are now getting on Twitter, .I made this to get away from you. .Sincerely, GTFO.
It´s surprising how many people we have as friends on Facebook, that we have never met, yesterday I deleted some of them!
I hate looking at Facebook and don't know who a friend is bc a) they changed their name or b) we were never actually friends to begin with.
If there was a Hoarders: Facebook Friends Edition, I would definitely be on it. Time to clean out some of the trash!
Kinda hard to check Twitter and Facebook on your laptop while playing Words With Friends on your iPod and text on your cell simultaniously..
i forgot im friends with Ices Brown on facebook lol
It's getting harder and harder to stay friends with certain people on facebook. Like.... you STAY with the negative statuses.
To My Facebook Friends: .I will be taking a break, etc., but will be tweeting a lot, just to connect, and using Yelp, to make reviews.
What's with everyone talking about 8 year olds having IPads and Facebooks and shit.. I'm not friends with a freaking 8 year-old on facebook?
if i had as many followers as i did facebook friends that would be raw
I giving up on all this dumb shit for new year..fuck twitter fuck Facebook see me getting money then talk about it to your friends
When someone shows up on your news feed and you aren't friends with them on Facebook...
SO- Help make my music go Viral tonight & assist me to reach th world. Ask ya friends to Follow me here at Twitter & Friend me at Facebook.
Wow. A lot of my facebook friends went to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.. luckyyyy..
My friends little sister and her friend are on facebook comenting on post from"Spikey Mikey" and "Nick Mara". LOL!
Happy new year to all my tweeter & Facebook friends I look forward to a huge 2012 and hope you all enjoy the adventure god bless all
Sighing about a Facebook post comments on a friends post decrying racism. Just, ugh, really?
Before 2012 gets here I will post a list of awards I give to my friends. It will be in Facebook be sure to check it out tomorrow before 2012
I use my twitter to exscape from my facebook friends' drama.
So many people on FB are complaining about 12 year olds status'... I'm just wondering why they're friends with 12 year olds on facebook...
Me without you is like Facebook WITHOUT FRIENDS. YOUTUBE WITHOUT VIDEOS and Google WITH NO RESULTS. ❤ :)
Dish soap --> things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
I only knew that cause i seen it on Facebook when we became friends
I swear random people pop up on my facebook newsfeed....I don't even know how in the hell they they are my friends on there! lol
Sign onto Facebook and see people reselling stuff they bought for half their price on Boxing Day. Fucking over your friends? Gtfo.
Someone I knowis having a NYE party,I wasn't invited so I wanted to put "I want lots of friends that invite me to their parties" on facebook
Why is my ex girlfriend trying to be friends on Facebook
looking at my sister's facebook pictures is incredibly embarrassing because all her band friends are ugly. and weird.
Why on earth is Facebook telling me where my friends are and how can I make it stop?
I always have sixty-nine mutual friends with people thar randomly add me on Facebook :D
get on facebook and play words with friends with me. do it. do it. yeah, come on, do it. i just started today and need the practice!
How do I make it so I don't have every single one of my Facebook friends in my phonebook. It's fucking annoying.
over 1000 friends on facebook ?    mkay, now tell me out of that number how many you can call a friend.
Let's be friends on facebook? Retweet this if you have a facebook, and want to be friends. :)
