I feel so good this morning ;3
Goodmorning! I feel so much better today with some good rest! Xoxo
I Don't Feel  So Good:(
I feel so damn good!
you feel so good you make me s-stutter.
My cousin,Elvain,just sat on my back while I'm lying down on the bed...I cried and my back cracked and I don't feel so good :'(((
Why does it feel so good outside ?!?!
I don't feel so good
Good morning! Up early and starting to feel nervous. I have my longest run yet this morn. So happy that my friend is running w/me.
Actually I feel great to have good friends n acquitances, but i'm not a corny guy so I don't show how great it is. :">
Met someone who made me feel so good then so bad, went to a new school, Realized what I like an don't like.... Continued
Boy it feel so fucking good outside !!!!
it feel so good outside!
«@eking718bk She said i ain't no good but I feel so good»
Goodmorningg :) it feel so fn good outside!!
I don't feel so good :(
She said i ain't no good but I feel so good
Sometimes my dreams are so good and completely opposite of my reality that I feel like I've been totally led on. Oh wait..
So my sister just went off tried to make me feel bad Welp it work GOOD JOB BITCH .
Bed feel so good I dnt wanna get up and go put dem clothes in da dryer!!!
Okay that shower was needed, I feel so good :)
Jogged again this morning. I feel so good!
Good Morning! I feel so good today :)
One Day I Feel So Happy Next Day I Feel So Sad, I Guess I've Learned To Take The Good With The Bad.
And so the He smiles.. Thanks for making Him feel like this.. She is of a good heart.. He smiles more..
You kill my bad mood, you make me feel so good :* ... I'm really happy to love you and so lucky to have you :*
Writing a cheque from my salary a/c to expenditure a/c. A credit msg in the new year would make me feel so good! :D
It makes me feel so good when I know that my words inspire other people(:
I feel so good this morning, ahhh c:
ugh i dont feel so good and this headache i just got aint makin things better :(
y'all breathin so I know you feel good this am!!! It could be so worse!!
What's up feel good so happy today
I feel like for the most part 2011 has been good to me so I'm scared 2012 is gonna be really bad.
You ain't no good, but you feel so good
Don't feel so good :/
Good morning! I feel so refreshed.
Joy wouldnt feel so good if it wasnt for pain
Thank you for everyone's comments yesterday.  I feel pretty good so far today.  :-)
Oh my God I feel so good
Dnt feel so good
So my whole TL got hangovers... Good, I don't feel alone
Gorillaz- Feel Good Inc. came on and I got all of the lyrics right, I'm feeling so superior right now.
I don't feel like folding these clothes, the rest is already clean so I'm good for the NY
It Feel So Good Out Here!
You ain't no good , but you feel so good !
"@BellaaxMariee: This bed feel so good"
I feel so good when im around her
Omg it feel so good outside !
I meant why does it feel so good outside
It FEEL SO GOOD OUTSIDE MAN!
Her mouth so good i aint neva hit the pussy her mouth so good it feel like pussy
Running makes me feel so good :)
not feeling too good.  so many memories that wont leave my head.  difficult to deal with.  feel sick.  if i wasnt here no one would miss me
“@_RedBottomBobbi: Who does it feel so good outside???”/good
Who does it feel so good outside???
Feel so good just to sit down and relax
i don't feel so good =/
It dont feel so good
But they feel so good
This bed feel so good
So glad I have such amazing people working for me. I always feel good at work. ☺
Ok now I feel dirty but I have so many more good ones.
FEEL SO GOOD TO LISTEN TO DIAMOND ON 1st Day of 2012!
I feel so good right now. The day is lovely. Wonder how tonight will go
damn its my birthday !feel so old .. But 2011 was a good year learn't  a lot on life lessons GOD BLESS
I thought I was the only one RT "@Eshady773: I feel so fuckin good!!!!!"
I can make everything feel so good
I feel so good imma help a old white lady walk across the street. Then tell the old bitch to spark ain't shit free lady!!!
I feel so fuckin good!!!!!
Feel so good in this bed I don't wanna get out ! I got things to do :/
Good morning twitter ..... I feel like just because today is new years eve I wanna erase my past n start fresh so my tweets until I get to
Wow almost 15 hours of sleep! Ah I feel so good now!
But I feel so good this morning
accidentally swallowed some mouth wash~~ doesnt feel so good
Quitting my job is going to feel so damn good!
today I feel so good and some not is not, I'm very anxious to arrive the night
Don't feel so good
Why. Does it feel so good outside . . .
Why in the hell does it feel so good outside when it's winter apparently
I feel a little nostalgic for us is 2011 so many good things and some as good happened but the coming year will be much better
I can feel you need me... Feelssss so good to meee:)))
It feel so good out here
Wowwwwwww is it December it feel so good out here
Catching the flu feel so fucked up :( but the good part my bby is taking. Great care of me :)
Right that's all the cheese gone, tastes so good but makes me feel so bloated! Back on attack tomorrow! Starting 2012 as I mean to go on!
you aint no good, but you feel so good
just feel so good
I feel so good this morning thanks to Tha man above
Seeing tht made me feel so good .... Not !!!
Didn't feel good when I got to work so they sent me home, now I feel perfectly fine -_____________-
This water feel so damn good!
I feel so bad for EVERY group that had mishaps; they just want to do their best to send 2011 away on a good note, and others screw it up
I don't feel so good today, friggin' tired, but thankyou for a good family dinner with extra cousins. :D
I hope it feel good outside so I don't be freezing later
It still doesn't feel real. But today I promise I'll pick you a good spot. So you're never too far away.
I FEEL SO GOOD RIGHT NOW. WHOOOOO!!!!!! READY FOR THE NEW YEAR.
I'm feel so Good,never never come down...
I feel so good!!
Omg that run felt so good i feel so alive!!!
I feel so good in the mornings. Yaaay.
I feel happy so now would be a good time to try and sleep c:
- I Dont Feel Good What So Ever !!
I don't feel so good now :/
So funny this morning laughed at my mother cause her English is bad xd and my dad said that my english is good feel honored
Sometimes to be good you need to do bad, but doing the bad can feel so good, you keep doing it
so, friends can you feel the excitement of year 2012 coming fastly to us. i hope our government will take some good steps for the common man
I Don't Have No Plans For Tonite Cuz I Dont Feel Good So I DEADED My Detroit Plans Ima Let Watever Come To Me
Was about to get my day started but my babygirl doesn't feel good, she'd rather lay with her auntie then her mom...so Ima have a late start
I feel so good...
I don't feel so good...
I'm going to feel like a teenager tonight.. So embarrassing but I'll have a good time :)
So i feel good we havent tlk but he and her did
She said you ain't no good but you feel so good
Last night was so good! One too many drinks though I feel...
I feel so good this morning
Morning Twitter I feel so good right now I swear I hate these times of the year but im glad its over
I ate a great breakfast this morning...I feel so good lol
So who wanna help me clean up? I dnt feel good
Sorry to complain...but wow I feel awful and all I want is to sleep. That's it. Just a good couple days of sleep so this cold will go away.
I feel So Good
That workout was thee business. I feel so amazing right now! Ahhhh....sweaty but it feels good. Now if I can keep this up it wud be love :)
So it's new years Eve.  I always hate these and never feel good about them but this time ill try keep a positive mind.
This Heat Feel So Good
My leg is agony, the arm’s not good, I feel sick and now I’ve picked up a cough. So all in all I’m having a shit day
This bes feel so good but I hungry so ...
Wow it's been so long since I've listened to Ne-Yo. His new song is crazy good. It's got that old school R&B feel. Love it.
This sun feel so good!! I can't even feel my toes!
trying to finish all my Christmas chocolate today so I could try eat healthy from tomoz wasn't a good plan, holy crap I feel sick eughhhh
MBLAQ's pref could've been so good if that problem(?) hadn't happened.. :--( I feel bad for them.. D:
I think 11:30's a good time to feel merry, so I have an hour to get there, I feel oddy sober
the hope is we have so much to feel good about ☺
Never Base Your Life Off Relationships. They fail everyday. So when ur relationship fail, you'll feel like you failed.. right? .... not good
I dnt feel good my stomach hurt so bad.
So blessed I feel like telling ppl good morning
I aint feeling 100 this morning so I took some feel good pillz....time to start my day soon
Sitting on the stairs with the aircond on, texting. LIKE A BOSS! Feel so good :3
Her bed would feel so good rite about now.
What do you have when you don't feel you have good luck? Is there something besides good luck so you will wish and expect the best?
Well I had a good 6 hours of sleep! I feel so energized not! Definitely taking a nap later!!!!
Feel so grateful surrounded by amazing good people I love and love me back, family, best friends, and dear you :)
I love new years. I always feel so grateful and inspired. Like turning the page. Let's all don the coat of compassion for 2012 and go good.
me no feel so good :(
2011 - So Glad Its Over . 2012 Its gonna B good I can feel it
Y I feel so damn good this morning? :)
It FEEL SO GOOD OUTSIDE
I was so busy telling everyone how good life is now that you're gone, i was so happy being on my own, so why do i feel so alone?
I feel so good.
why does it feel so good outside
I FEEL SO GOOD - COLLIE BUDDZ
Blah I feel crappy! So not good!!! Taking a nap, hope I feel better!
Why everything that 'sposed to be bad make me feel so good? Everything they to told me not to, is ecactly what I would!
♫ "I feel good, I knew that I would, now, so good, so good, I got you" ♪♪ weil wir dazu auch einfach mal durchs Bettchen tanzen [:
She say it feel GOOD but it hurt so much...
The peak ain't reached but the peak is all I feel... And it feels so good!
I feel so good right now, no one can tell me anything
Don't feel so good..
This trim is actually gunna feel so good! Its been a while...
A conscience is wat hurts when all ur other parts feel so good
So early at work hope don't call me cuz I don't feel good
I feel such pressure to deliver a good show for sun ya know! A new year so u know u gotta start it off right! Never fear good music is here!
Lasin nah ako pataynda** 2bottles 6shOtz dont feel so good
Queen Munera makes me feel so damn good~
Im just thankful that 2011 was a good year for me and my family. I feel like we were very blessed in 2011 and the same will be so in 2012.
I feel good, so I'm over it?
I love clothes that make you feel so much more confident, and when you actually feel like you look good in them too.
Feel so excited for the coming 2012 but I don't know why. Must be a good year for me. I claim all the blessings & guidance from next year.
I feel so good Today.
idc i always give homeless people money, they look so happy when you give them it and it makes me feel good :')
I feel so good laying here ,, the last thing I wanna do is get up and go run at practice !
Was suppose to go to Work ... Didnt feel toooo Good so I called out .
Town is filled with good looking people. Omg, I feel so inferior.
She told I ain't no good, but I feel so good
Being in love feel so good
I feel so good for today!!
"Joy is Pain" Joy wouldn't feel so good if wasn't for pain..
Listening to music that i love makes me feel so good
Gosh. I'm so tired. Too many works to do. This is not a good ending of 2011. I feel like crying....
I feel so accomplished when I paint my nails myself and they look good. Usually my right hand looks fucked.
Feels good to work out . Makes me feel so refreshed! . . *light blunt
Sydney fireworks were nice, but not as great as the clips I've seen on tv for so many years. Feel good being amongst the first to enter 2012
I just want to FEEL like that. But I'm so awkward. And I'm not good with people. I'm not even very good at making friends.
Feel so good,...
Feel so bored, flat, confused a few month in 2011. I wish i have a new spirit, a happines, a good friend. Bissmillah. :)
I feel so good after rihquesting tbh!!
Damn it feel so good to be off on the weekend
Good Morning! Happy Sabbath! Finally after 5months I'm finally at the smaller church they are so happy to see me. I feel the love lol!!!!!
So happy to be home, don't feel too good.
Don't feel so good this morning... And why does that alarm keep going off!!!??? Just turn your phone off!!
“@MIH_Chike4 Man GOD is so good..I feel extremely blessed”
But I look good...so I feel good. Just might be the purtiest thing in Marion County (But it's Marion County so that's easy) lol
“@LITEPAPER_JRIDA: GM I feel so good rite now I'm single single single”let's throw you a single party! Yay!!!!!!!
Feel So Good This Morning :))
GM I feel so good rite now I'm single single single
OMG...my body is rebelling .going to feel so good to get back in the swing of things .join me .seriously .quit playing around and join me....
iont feel so good about New Years,
If sex is such a bad thing for teens why does it feel so good
I feel so good before the year ended plantsado plantilya ko sa lahat ng tao, let there be peace, goodbye 2011 thankyou! Haller 2012 party!
Man GOD is so good..I feel extremely blessed
I'm so ready to go!! I don't feel to good!
I feel like good mornings makes peoples days so much better!
MY BED MAKES ME FEEL SO GOOD
Good morning all! I feel so good, I think I'll be nice to people today.
I feel like a toddler eating dry cheerios... But they're so damn good!
Feel so good out today.....
& it feel so bad but it feel so good!!!
Baby i will make you feel. So good tonight!
cause baby imma make you feel so good tonight !
I dnt feel so good
I feel so badass downloading the Come On Overs... both good and bad feelings.. Just fin watching Jae's~ on to CHUNAYNAY
Feel so good ~
Feel so blessed right now.. Have a good new year's eve :)
When I feel sad. I always think about my mum. I love her. Im so sorry mum, Im not a good daughter. Im not strong like you.
Don't make others feel bad just so u can feel good ♥
I dont feel so good >.<
Called my mom and woke her up so I could tell her that I don't feel good...
It feel so good outside
My bed feel so good right now.
I am so so wide awake...thank God. Usually I feel so groggy!!! guess i got some good rest last night!
And it feel so good like its virtual
It feel so good to party without heels on
Been up for the last hour or so, I don't feel good :(
I don't feel so good. Oh, god :(
I feel so good inside
You ain't No good but you feel So good, what if I could.  But I gotta leave you alone.....
I feel so Good Today *----*
You're so good at making me feel shit
Man I feel so good
See u fuck up cuz you've been with them for so long u become accustomed to the bs.. u start to feel like this is probably as good as it gets
You make me feel so good ☺
I don't feel too good today, felt so sick at work and feel sick now, waahhh
TeamToyaMaureen I don't feel so good. I mean.., this of how I feel is not right. It's just not rightI2C
Pull urself out of bed and go. Don't think just do and u'll feel so good afterwards. Time to b really good so u can start to b great!
I have so much to feel good about.
This heat feel so good 
It feels so good to be so close to graduating. It'll feel do much better when I actually walk across that stage b
So I ain't go to bed til five , I'm not hme &&  donn feel good
When it hurts so bad why does it feel so good?
I thought my life would be down hill but I just feel so good right now not lettin petty bitches or weak ass niggas get to me
Im in such high spirits feel so good! Nothing or nobody can bring me down! NO NEVER..and if it happens,well! they cant KEEP me down,#Simplez
I paid £25 for a homeless man to stay in a hostel for 3 weeks last night. I feel so good.
Makes me feel so  good to use my creative energy and mind to do good things and try to make a difference. Makes me happy! ;-)
It feel so good out here !
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good O_o
So my mom called n woke me up crazy early! I was sleeping good too! Guess I will do some of my puzzle until I feel like eating and cleaning
oh. i dont feel so good :(
We're party rockin'! Feel so good to be a dj for the first time. :)
God these blankets feel so damn good
YOU make me feel so GOOD
When I heard its "LAST" of 2011 I feel so sad. Don't know why? Mayb because I hav to left all good memories of 2011 and good year... :')
The temptation is there to bid good riddance to 2011, but with health, food and shelter I would feel a bit asinine doing so.
I should eat cheerios but I don't feel like. Cheerios is like a ritual for me. I have good luck when I eat them x_x well I think so.. Lol
“@BAMitscassandra: I FEEL SO LEFT OUT NOT BEING IN 2012 FOR ANOTHER HALF AN HOUR.” I know how you feel. And it doesn't feel good.
So tired & i dnt feel to good !!! Ugh
Why do the worst things feel so good?
Asking for a celebrity retweet is like asking a porn star to blow you.. Its unlikely to happen, but itd feel so good so you gotta try anyway
Ready to go to church in the morning. It always feel so good when you come from church and praise God
i feel good...so today gne b a good day.!
Having skol beer and strongbow all the time at langkawi..feel so good..now at some italian restaurant waiting for the pizza..damn hungry.
Celebrating new year with my family! Feels so good surrounded by all these beloved people! I feel so blessed having them in my life :)
Feel not so good... Damn!
Oh man my legs feel so good now
My bed feel so good right now
bullshit dose not feel good -of any kind -so it is not on a value level to destroy or interrupt any 6RgY
wow it's a new year that's kind of a good feeling i don't feel so claustrophobic anymore
watching Liverpool's goals again...just makes me feel so good, period. Happy new year everyone!
So about to channel my cooking skills it always makes me feel good ..
" she said. . . you ain’t no good, no good .but if you feel so good. What if i could? "
I hate you for making me feel so fucking good.
SUCH weird dreams last night!! So weird that they woke me up. I feel like I didn't even sleep last night...good thing it's a long wknd!
Happy New Years Eve everyone!  I'm so thankful for this year and I know 2012 will be very good to me. I can feel it. Can you? :)
Waking up with a Big smile on my face!! I'm feel so good rite about now!!
Good morning my tweeters!! I feel so refreshed! My mind is so clear! The talks I have with God are mind blowing!
Good morning, got a lot of much needed sleep & feel so much better. Day is starting off pretty well
make me feel so good tonight...
"@_4evaSMILING: My bed feel so good rite now......I don't even wanna move !"
Day 9 cold from hell, it will feel so good when it stops hurting...yes I'm whining...
So, I'm ALLOWING myself to FEEL being that magnificent wife, the two of us having that GREAT marriage. It's feeling really good.
good morning tweethearts! Last day of 2011 ... dunno, it's feel so weird..
The peak aint reached but the peak is all I feel... And it feel so good.
Why Everything So Bad Make Me Feel So Good'
2011 was the best year ever! Now, I'm sitting in the living room with my 4 elder brothers. Feel so warm and good :)
Everybody is busy but I feel so sleepy. Good night everyone.
I am crazy about a girl thats not good for me so I dog her to make myself feel better
I don't feel so good... :-(
I absolutely love olly murs- dance with me tonight. It makes you feel so good
I hate you, for making me feel so fucking good
She makes me feel so good. <3 I get the most gorgeous sleep that I ever had. (:
It feel so good to stretch in my bed
Why is it that our memories of the bad times are so clear and so painful, and memories of the good feel so distant and vague?
So many hard times, but I still feel so blessed for those good times that I have this year, especially with my mom :')
i might make you feel so good tonight, cause we might not get tomorrow
So im the only one up :/ but it does feel good to have the bed to myself 
Finally got to playing Sin & Punishment 2. Feel bad for leaving it this long, it's so good! Even if it does still look like an N64 game.
Honestly , its feel not good look like many person told me ever . . .That was so damn thing in my teeths , cz its spent a lot of my money
The belt has broken so my jeans keep slipping down. I'm taking it as a good sign that they can still feel this loose after Christmas.
Everyone here has a blackberry and relationship issues! I feel so left out! Lol no! I'm good!
Aw I'm so ready for 2012. I just feel like its gonna be a good year... Y'know?
Just had like a 12 hour sleep. Feel so refreshed! Turned the tv on to BBC1 and Van Nistelrooy was on. Didn't realise he was so good looking!
Its going to feel so good laying in my own bed.
Oh you make me feel so good.
im not good at remembering names, so if i know yours, feel very luckyyyyy
"why everything thats sposed to be bad makes me feel so good? everything they told me not to is exactly what i would"...story of my life
Omg mii jaws hurt ii feel so good to finallii get out and have fun
Your the girl that makes me feel so good... Nothing but a cutie pie  latenightoldschoolfD9Sx
Just had a power nap!!! Feel so good!!! Its gonna be a long night so tweeps what's the plan for tonight???
been sleep since 8 something last night. That sleep was LOVE. I feel so good right now.
Girl you need someone who can give you what you need I know you hurting but my touch will make you feel so good!!!I can do many things#NP112
I feel so good and delirious and wonderful right now.
left. If I get them done I'll feel very good so that can be the plan. Whether I can actually bring myself to throw anything out is another
I Am Going To Feel So Good After I Run My Lil Ass Off.
Happy new year! I wish you all the best for 2012. Thank you to those who made last year so good for me, I feel there is even more to come!
My bed feel so good rite now......I don't even wanna move !
I love when your going out at night and you just have a day looking like a mink,so then when you get all dressed up at night, you feel good!
My head hurts so much. Feel like I was out drinking last night.. This isn't good. I want to go out tonight!!
so excited about tonight!! it's gonna be a good one! i can feel it in my bones!!
Any word that has j,n,z all together in some order just seems to feel good in a hoe's mouth. So, I know what my next tat will be..and where
It feel so good to be off work
So I have pink eye! And I don't feel good at all.
Feel so good lying down on the lawn waiting for countdown fireworks!
Made muffins, watched Supernatural, listen to beautiful songs and found so many inspiration. I feel good.
It was an amazing morning of Boot Camp Fitness. I feel so good and strong.
"A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good." hahaha!
lool how can i be admin for som1 elses party feel to abuse my powers and make it public.. but i am good person so i invite piffies :)
feel so ill. cant stop sneezing and throat kills not a good start at all
I feel so bad that I have only started listening to ADTR this year. Omfg they are such a good band.
Full of cold, feel ill and just want to sleep until new year ! Soo wish I felt good so I could go to town tonight :(
God does it feel so good Cause I got what I wanted
en route back from birmingham, feel so rough, such a good nightttttt.
Good morning I feel so much better
She makes me feel so good, better than I would by myself or if I was with somebody else TPainkPA
Up in the morn! So morning world! And I'm feeling good!!! I said I do I do I do I do *jeezy voice feel good!!!
4- And that's all they will ever show.. .So the ones in the west .Will never move east .And feel like they could be at home"  .Good song
I feel so good, so good, so good, so goood.. :)
Don't feel good what so ever. I gotta call outta work. : /
Uggs feel so good on a day like this!
I Don't Feel Good My Head Hurts Really Bad So I'm gonna call :/ it a night ~*GoodNight~*&GodBless~* your guys new year!:)
I only really feel like one glass of champers tonight, methinks. Just got back from an epic run. Feeling so good. ^_^
Man !!! i feel so fucking good when everyone isn't home
"@xoxotrina: 2012 I'm so ready! Can't wait to feel you. Inhaling good vibes ☺"
“@Pooja___14: England is a country were cause its so shit they need to celebrate regularly to feel good. It's all money inspired.” hater lol
We just went for an amazing chinese head massage and acupuncture! Even tho needles freak me the fuck out I feel so good strangely!
When it hurts so bad, why does it feel so good?!
:) man I feel so good and blessed... GM
I feel good, tadadadadadada, i knew that i would now. So good, tintin, so good, tintin, I got you, pinpinpinpin *Je Chante*
Can't feel the heat yet..so peaceful here. hehe good neighbors. behave muna kayo lelz
Yooo it feel so good in dis bthrm its mad warm
IT FEEL SO GOOD JUST TO HAVEHIM   HME AGAIN NOMORE WORRYING❕❕
Everytime watching the drama awards, I feel so unfair for HJ and SM, they are doing very good but get nothing last year >"<
When it hurts so bad, why's it feel so good **Lauryn Hill voice** early morning workout :-)
I do not feel so good.
2012 I'm so ready! Can't wait to feel you. Inhaling good vibes ☺
It feel so special, it feel so good, that he ain't going nowhere even of he could.... ☺
stop texting me , im not texting you back so obciously im not gonna talk to youu . i dont feel good . leave me the fucj alone
ruth is going to call me so i don't feel alone!!!! this is good, very good.
I really don't know what's making me feel so über excited for 2012. Perhaps I KNOW it's gonna be good :) I'll love 2012.
He ain't no good but he feel so good. Still gotta leave him alone
Mind not at ease..Trying to have a romantic date life is so hard when you have sensability..I chose to feel emotions and its not always good
Last Day of 2011 will be so good. i feel bad. :/ but tonight--> partyyy. :D i need to be better. :/
i feel so ill today, not good
I feel so good I could write a gaga song. Do you get it?
We feel asleep to "ride dick so good" lmaaaooo.......GOODNITE
being weird has never feel so good
Today is not-so-good day for me. I just don't know why. Maybe I've waited for it since October and I don't feel it anymore.
I feel good yeah, so good..
I'll play emily-ann big girl. buut I'm not and I dont feel so good. about anything. no resolutions no nothing. nothing ever changes
I don't feel so good: ( hang over
The last day of december made me feel so happy!:D I think I'll have a very good new year!
I wanna find somewhere to go out to tonight so the gf can look stunning and feel good in her new dress
Itz so hard to find a good love & I know all the lovers gotta feel me.
So many American high school feel good films on tv this Christmas, is high school really anything like this??
I feel so good right now.
RT"@nezziaherton: I just wanna scream, damn!! I dont feel so good today :""
Making people feel guilty, not good enough and all that. You are not perfect yourself so stfu.
i actually feel so fucking good and i don't even need any sleep.
I Tell That Bitch Go N Get My Name On Ya Spine,So I Can Feel Good Wen Im Hittin It From Behind !
Just had the best phone convo EVER! Made me feel so good. Love my friends xxx
Feel so good having my phone back!
Feel so good today :) gunna run a hot bath with every single bath product I received over xmas (about 20 things) crammed in ;)
its feel so good its make me fly!!!
Mm I dont feel so good. Thank god i'm home. pukul brape yg countdown kt tv start ah?
oh lawd, why do i feel so right and fulfilled today like everything's perfect. it's never a good sign!
So Happy I went to sleep at 12 lastnight I feel so good!
He said he wanna feel my weight so I did him with no hands. He likes a freaky girl so I said whats good with these sheets.
I just wanna scream, damn!! I dont feel so good today :"
I feel good cos tbh i made a lot of memories this year and my 2011's resolution (be happy) was fulfilled so um yeah -i'm aware no one asked-
Can't w8 2 gt bak 2the gym Tuesday & gt my bikini body bak so I can tell every man in my life who made me feel not good enough to fuck off!!
"@sheyijota: 2012 will bring so many good tidings 4 mi ,I can feel dat in my bones already"►wid u on dat
2012 will bring so many good tidings 4 mi ,I can feel dat in my bones already
It feel so good outside right now
I Feel good and Happy so much   kkkkkk...
when it hurts so bad ..why do it feel so good?
So May I Mean Hims My Son And Him Don't Feel Good So I Have To Watch Him And Make Sure He Sleeps But It's 6:45! lol Whatever G*N*P HapyNewYr
Omg it feel so good n here!!
I couldn't really sleep lastnight! Maybe be because I dont feel good. So im up this early because I cant go back to sleep.
Dinner was good. But I ate sooo much. I'm so full. I feel so sick now. :(
Been eating too much good food last 2days, I feel so heavy that I can hardly run today. No wonder I had a bad game uh!
But I don't feel so good, caught the baby's flu, blah!
"@whoatwitme: I feel good that davao has no firecrackers. So much more peaceful."Korek!!
Ugh... I don't feel so good....
Fuck this bed feel so damn good
I always feel so good after a long walk.
love scoring peachy goals makes me feel so good ahah spesh against tottenham
'dear beth, feel those vibes, love always Josh F' then the show was really good omg I'm so excited!
I feel good that davao has no firecrackers. So much more peaceful.
i don't feel so good :(
While i was walking back to the shed mikaela noticed i wasn't there for the countdown & she made me feel so good what she said to me!
Girl I must tell yu this ; yu make me feel so good inside *singing*
TAD RT MuchHigher: Smdh.. I feel so damn good right now..... loli0X
So that little bit of good shit he did yesterday.. Dont even matter no more. Just so he knows, im coming home when i feel like it tmrw.
I hate NYE but if I don't do anything ill feel like I'm missing out. So yeah... Tonight better be good.
“@Linssx: I feel so good”
I feel so good
Damn that was a good nap, I feel so rested.
Feel so ill  really not good news for tonight's plans
I better get the hell out of my bed , but it's so warm! & i feel so good! Damn it , i'm gonna get up anyway :((
I feel so bad evrytime my friends tell me their problems and all I can do is being a true listener. Why am I not good at giving advice ? -,-
dit beschrijft mij t beste nu: 'Whoa-oa-oa! I feel good, I knew that I would, now. I feel good, I knew that I would, now. So good, so good'
slow music calms you down from being so pissed feel a little good not as mad as I was  .5HOW NO F3@R
Feel so good after that sleep, can't remember the last time I won't up at 11:30
Just took a shower at 6 in the morning for no reason at all, so I feel all nice and clean now. I smell really good too.
Lol He said Dick So Good Imah Feel It In My Head .
“itsEmiliaBlonde: HonestyHour i hate it when i got to fake a orgasim just so the guy can feel good azZcb
Hell yea!! "@eric_loso300: Laying down feel so good rite now"
So testicular Toryism does not feel good at all :/ guys do not wear your ball pinchers to bed lol you will regret it!!
Laying down feel so good rite now
Today I feel so happy ^^ have a good time hang out with my beloved friend xD
LMFAO are good role models. They make many people feel so much better about themselves. They make their fans feel beautiful.
Man i feel so Good right now....WOW...
It feel good to hear someone say " take care " But it feels so much better to hear someone say " i will take care of you "
I feel so good .
Oh god, I don't feel so good.
Good Morning World! ;) Are you ready to party like its 1999!? I've got a cold so don't really feel like going out :( All the best for 2012!
So its gone be a lot if couples bringing in the new year having sex. And then niggas gone feel good and say I been going since last year!
“@marlonpack: On way to training feel so tired.. Then back to watch Pompey on the box!” Once a blue, always a blue ;) Have a good session.
it feel so good, i gotta have it
so glad i no longer feel like death. that was not good :(
She say you aint no good but you feel so good
This bed feel so good but im so thirsty.
It feel so good outside
Y everything thats supposed to be bad make me feel so good ??
All n all there's more good news thn bad news so Im tryna stay n good spirits I miss Mya(2yroldLab)& I feel bad tht Mike is sleepn n a chair
New years eve today ah 2012 I'm ready its gonna feel so good to start a new year and this time I know I'll be smiling :)
Like legit try this. Every morning when you wake up, look at yourself and say "im gorgeous" you will feel so good.
Yeah, a conscience is what hurts when all of your other parts feel so good.
So my FB update about 2012 being my year was a joke, but I cannot deny the positivity ppl feel towards a new year. So here's to a good one!
So its a good thing! YEAAAAAHHHAAAAA, swear this boy makes me feel all jelly inside ;)
Why does the pain of love gotta feel so good and hurt at the same time
I just woke up and I cant find Robert. are you hiding robert? I think you hiding so you didnt have to take the dogs out. I dont feel good
I'm about to wake him up so annoyed I don't feel good
I must b trippin cuz I got da air n da ceiling fan on but it feel so good
Finally finishes filing all my worksheets and stuff , feel so good ^^
I don't feel so good.
i think he hates me but i feel so good :D
Feel so good tonight
I can't even describe how I feel about this year. So much has happened. I have learned a lot about myself and about life, good and bad.
It's gonna feel so good to get in my own bed after this ✈
So apparently my wife doesn't feel good & she's sleepin right now, time to go back to sleep cause ima have to wake up take care of her♥
Feel so Good- Mase... That is what is currently being played. What the fuck
Its feel so good /m/
This bed feel so good!
Oh lord I feel so sorry 4 ma BB.. See Broadcast!! It's all Good tho..
this shit is making my throat feel so good
"@iamtalKATive: Feel ko na ang New Year. :"> So ingay. So Good. So sweet. Awesome! \m/ ♥ geh. :))"
Weeeew. It makes my dec 31st feel so good, just bcs of what u told me. ♡ ♡ ♡
i done came down feel real good look so fresh rep my hood . Ima act a ima a ass act a ass
My big brother just texted me and asked me if I'm alright! That makes me feel so good that he cares enough about me to ask!
just showered, feel so good :3 guest will be arriving in about an hour plus
someone told me im a good impact on there life, that makes me feel so good about myself!
had a pretty good year, learned some new stuff, decided what I'm gonna do with my life and went on holiday myself. Feel so much older haha.
I know that you love when we touch like that. I can feel you need me. And it feels so good to me.
iancoxy80 just a bit mukka :-( 8 hour session dow feel so good now80U
Oh my gosh. Now I feel so excited to taste those delicious recipes what we've been preparing. Ughhh the baked mussels were just so good!
Hmm... New years eve and feel like shit so far. Not good.
Syah.  Doesn't feel so good does it.  Lol
grilled cheese, the office, and grape kool-aid (cause im white) good start to my nye. now, can someone awake tweet me so i feel accompanied?
Good morning! Every1 OMG i feel so exited new year thanks my follower for All! For support me thankk u so much! ILU guys smilers my sisters
Heaven is a girl I know so well, she makes me feel good when I feel like hell <3
Shit thkn about the day them niggas tried to take my pop i was no more good eveymorn I wake up & feel empty smoke so much loud it gt me dipn
just woke up from a 2 hour nap, feel so good to have the whole bed to myself :D
Lookin at that RT bout concords oomf posted, what was so, Good about them? Niggas went crazy like megan good was let pple feel her boobies!!
i was getting soo bored that i decided 2 get ready 4 myself so.. that i feel good :) n its working :)))
Really in the foulest mood I've ever been, feel so lied-to. I will never ever be as foolish as I was in 2011 good thing I'm learnin this now
But it feel so damn good to be back I'm my city... Atlanta I've missed u
Tht book is so good ! “Co_olAssMeish feel like reading the coldest winter ever.”hFhr8L
You aint no good but u feel so good
Making new friend that now feel like family, my first gig and festival, discovering so much good music, passing all my exams, parties...
Everything on sale so I bought new clothes again! Last time this year, I swear:) I feel bad but I look good!
Shower then sleeeeep, finally gonna feel oh so good
I kno u can see it...you and me together would feel so good best believe it...
Why do I feel so good at 5:30 am? I guess I'm just blessed to be able to experience it
Stomach doesn't feel so good
This heat feel so good about to fall asleep driving
Last night was so good, but feel really sick and going shopping soon :-/
2011 you have been really harsh on me this year but seeing as I've been so good could 2012 be kind to me please? I feel I deserve it!
I think is time to say good-bye I can feel it that I'm so dead
Why everything that's posed to be bad make me feel so good???
So I don't feel good :o
I feel so good!
I don't feel so good.. :(
This heated seat feel so good
I think i'm done crying. I feel better now after venting. It's half past 2 so i should go to bed. good night twitter <3
Wow my sheets feel so soft and my room smells so good after washing my sheets and mopping my room ahhh I love it
Tell me why does everything that’s bad feel so fucking good.
I feel so ..... young. Not being able to attend a good ol' countdown at Marina Bay with my cousins. Ah well, I rather play MW3 at home.
I call my mama first lady so she can feel good about her self lol
Sunny days wouldn't be special, if it wasn't for rain Joy wouldn't feel so good,if it wasn't for pain Death gotta be easy,cause life is hard
Feel so good that everything is right again :D
The babes dnt feel good wish we were closer so I can take care of my patient
Lol ur hair is so soft and it feel good
“@ItsLilKiKi You Ain't No Good , But You Feel So Good”
I'm still mystified on why peeps want more followers on Twitter. So they'd feel good abt themselves??
Why do i feel so damn good?
i feel like so good right now.
So u call me to make me feel even more bad when i was thinking ok im doing good
I feel so loved today, good good day already:) hope everyone is feeling the love also, if not then im sending out the love to u now! Muah <3
I love making him feel good ... scratching his head and giving him back massages makes him so happy
Mmmm feel so good to see Yuri's smile!!
You Ain't No Good , But You Feel So Good
I dont feel so good :(
Yeah..... She said I know you bad but you feel so good
I'm so sposed to feel good. But you just dont make it happen.
It feel so good to b n my bed right now!!
Fucking disgusting. I don't feel so good
Finally dne wit my hair feel so good 2 b n da bed still gota wake up pretty early smh
Today is definitely not a good day for me. Feel so frustrated the entire day.
Pero infairness, I feel good Hahaha so this is how my hair looks like pag ayos =))
I don't feel good it's so not my day today r night whatever you's wanna call it
When it hurts so bad, why does it feel sooo good?
So now I can go lay down finally. My bed gonna feel so good. Probably not gonna wake up till noon thhGfZ
Gosh I dnt feel so good at all
almost 48hrs awake, but I don't feel so tired and headache. Clear-headed  somehow. It's not a new record. Now I have to go bed for my good.
She said "you ain't no good but feel so good"
Make me feel good when I hurt so bad 88''
I dont feel so good
Why everything that's supposed bad make me feel so good?
Hush dog so I can sleep,I don't feel good.
Dat txt jus made me feel so good nside & it was only 1 wrd *^▁^* ily babe 
Hitting the gym now! Hope my performance is good! Feel so hot and happy! So it's gotta help! Have a sexy day peeps! Thinking of you all!
I don't think that I can do this:( hope I'll make it good and I won't make myself feel so shamed
She say u aint know good, but u feel so good.
My bed feel so good ughhhh
2012 will be for me... less caring and more working ^^ I feel so good! Yeah, I can take the world!
He Ain"t No Good But He Feel So Good It Makes Me Sad.... That I Gotta Leave Him Alone !!!
Dont feel so good to lay up cold n lonely.....
Feel so good !
God has been so good,I feel so blessed,and am so grateful. I just wanna spend this day in God's presence.
Was sleeping so good til Mommy woke me at 430 because she couldn't find her grand-DOG who is laying in my bed. Idk how to feel abt this. O_o
She said you ain't no good, but you feel so good.
You know you ?, You make me feel so good inside
This finna be a new year, so im finna get on this money train && do right && live my life good u feel me
When I'm in Europe I feel so good about my bod cuz they are big but when I'm back I feel fucked up cuz I'm surrounded by skinny bitches!
Can feel a long day of work ahead of me! Get off at 6 so it's all good :) drinking with the girls
So rest yo' head on my shoulder, it feel good...dont it baby
Imma feel so good tomorrow well wen I wake up
Don't feel so good going mimis ):
"your jeans feel so good against my jeans"
it feel so good advising and consoling. ahhh. :)
Just took a type of ride i've never dare to take in my entire life LOL. Feel so proud of myself. Keke. Good way to end 2011.
Wow I was just needing to take this shower, I feel so revitalized! .But I have to go to sleep! Good Night!
Why everything that's supposed to be bad, make me feel so good?
I feel so Good & I'm still not tired I wanna talk Otp. But I told Elijah I will see him tomorrow,
There are so many times in life where u feel like you arent good enough. I'm just working on keepin my head up.
Playing now♪ Feel So Good : Jamiroquai
It feel so good being back in my city! Salem Rd., Panola Rd., Wesley Chapel, Evans Mill, Marbut Rd. EAstside I LOVE HOME!
She said i ain no good...but i feel so gooooooddd....
I feel happy right now, idk why, but it's so good :D
Girl you make a nigga feel good, so good
I feel good tududu ...... So good so good you get my feel ofzo
She Said I Aint No Good But I Feel So Good!
She say you aint no good but it feel so good
You aint no good , but you feel so good (:
so sleepy. and i feel sick. not good.
There are so many mosquitoes in my room that I don't have to donate blood at Red Cross camps to feel good about my life.
I feel jumbled up inside! So many emotions going through me at once its hard to just stick with one, idk if its good or bad XP
Sometimes I love you, sometimes you make me feel blue… sometimes I feel good, at times I feel used… loving you darling makes me so confused!
My bed feel so good to lay in 
My bed feel so good
Feel so good to rest :-)
Today i took 4 tablets of aleve...hadn't read the instructions that say only take 2 in a 24 hour period. No wonder i feel so good.
When older people don't have experience with good relationships so they feel the need to ruin a younger happy couple.<<<
O this bed feel so good right about now
Said good bye to the only man who has never left my side. I feel so broken and empty.
Why are they so good in dancing? I feel like I don't know how to dance when I'm with them
Everything feel so good right
Twitter makes me feel so good!
Little bit of feel good goes a long way. Or so they say.
Starting to not feel good again... Damn why does my body hate me so much lately?! It's probably from my lack of sleep. I hate insomnia!!
So hardly any sleep! ain't gonna be good for me today! And I still feel utterly depressed!
i feel so good right now
Just feel so good .
good lord i feel so lame
You used to make me feel so good , like I was on top of the world .
i don't feel so good
-cudn even thankn straight ian feel so good!!
He ain't no good ...but he feel so good :-)
Mhyy bae has mhadee mhee feel good so dha year is gonee end on ahh good step &&'d begin on ahh great leap...!!
Wah, I feel so good, just walked a random blind person to the bus stop which as out of the way to where I was going :)
I Feel So Good You Guys Have No Clue How Good I Feel I Could Kiss Him Right Now !
I HAD to get that shit off my chest...I feel so good right now
Good night I feel like the tv bout to watch me so ✌
Oooooh shit. All the sudden I dont feel so good. Must have been all those stupid candy canes...bleh :/
u envelope me, u feel good as hell 2 me. 1 moment leads 2 another few, Here it goes again. oh,Leaving u is, oh, so hard 2 do...
One good thing about music is when hits you feel no pain . So hit me with music. Brutalize me with music.
I'm just happy being!Life is a gift & being able to share with you guys is so freaking awesome!! I know how my vids make ppl feel good. Win!
Yo my bed feel so good right now. I'd thank Eric on here for my poleana gift but he hates Twitter. caAGT
I feel so good i miss my bae tho we would be cuddling right now :-(
Omfg.. Don't feel so good...
I feel so much better today. Which is good. Could do with a little more sleep though!
Sleep is about to feel so good!
Why do tats feel so good
I feel so good right now!
This feel so good
"@TZZNAY: Might find a skiing holiday 4 next year just so I dnt feel as stupid 4 buying Gucci ski goggles" good idea this
I'm so uncomfortable nd dnt feel good ughhh!
I don't feel good. I feel like a dumb. Everything that I do is a big mess. I hate it. I feel like so much like a dumb.
I feel so good an it's barely one I'm soooo pumped for later on to go skate!!!
Feel so good
Just slept for five hours, FEEL SO GOOD LALALA.
This water feel so good !
man wit my dogs. it feel good so good bring back memories
Yeaup I'm that good of friend to stay up trying to make her feel better. I'm so glad I'm single ,& don't have to put up with the bullshit.
Your jeans feel so good against my jeans ;)
I feel like im gonna sleep so good tonight , im so tired -_-
Feel good to not give a fuck about something that mattered so much :)
Those tunes that make you feel SO good! Levels by Avicii is one of them ♡
I feel so good, and at peace. Wtf im probably delirious it's 4
never have felt this way before he makes me feel so good n keeps me warms he makes me feel so good so good from my head to my toes
stretchin feel so good
I feel like tomorrow is prom or some shit, everyone is so stoked...well I guess that makes me everyone. Good freaking night.
Hungry , Horny , Kinda Dont Feel Good , Stomach Hurtin From Laughin So Much , Etc
No one can make me feel good when I hurt so bad!
i dont feel so good ;c
Actually, I don't feel so good. Ugh. Lagi nalang nagkakasakit pag ganto. Wtf
Holy good god frankie brogan u are the devil I feel like hell today and have so much to do
Gone n get my name on her spine.. So I can feel good when I'm hittin it from behind..
Don't feel like a saturday up for work finish at 6 though so its all good :)
O m g I feel so good right now.
I Feel So Good That I Want To Share It With My Better Half
Feel like shit though so it won't be good today :(
I feel like im bout to sleep so good
really hate when ppl put other ppl down just so they can feel good about themself
Listening to lady antebullum makes me feel so satisfied n good :) :)
So pissed off. Actually feel like I'm dying! Even after sleeping for 15 hours. This isn't good.
hooooly moley, my bed is about to feel so good.
So her in bed.... Feeling safe an good for the first time...Y cant say at this time but just kn I feel safe....
Showers feel so fucking good to me , today i stayed in there for an hour & 30 min ! Omm i was like omfg !
I feel good. i got some time off. Girl it's been so looong
It's gonna feel so good to not stumble into my bed at 8am for once haha lately I've been on some other shit smh
Wen be looking down like diz aint her day she just feel so bad I tell her she look good today she look at me like im crazy but I be so 4real
Feel So Bad , But It Feel So Good  .
Sleeping will feel so good tonight. Goodnight.
Why everything that's suppose to be bad make me feel so good?
never knew single could feel so good.
Feel so good right now buddy
She said yu ain't no good but yu feel so good !  !
Still feel so ill but dragging myself out of bed for work like the good employee that I am
I feel like throwing up! No bueno :c I don't feel so good.
i feel so extra... cause she looking so good
Dam she be making me feel so good
2012 gon b another good year! I can feel it!! I'm so ready!!
To me when a girl wear jogging pants and a hoodie to school with a pony tail they feel as if they dnt luk good I think they be so cute
"a deel down low makes level feel so high" good shit
NYE today, feel so .. good. Just 8h untill the party.:D
Ahhh feel so happy that I can drive stick now!  I drove around & home!! My night was made! :)) had a good night!
this floor feel so good right now =)
Being over you makes me feel so good ! Wujuuuu
Why does it feel so good outside?
I say he ain't no good but he feel so good but I gotta leave hym alone
I feel very stongly about it , alot of good syfy show  get canacel after one season, caprica  deserve better so say we all!
She said I'm no good but I feel so good!
in the bed.. the weeknd on repeat.. in a chill mood.. hmph, i just feel so... good.. for some awkward reason.. like just relaxed.
I FEEL SO LOVED :3  .GOOD NIGHT WORLD THANKYOU FOR THE FROENDS FAMILY AND LIFE IV BEEN BLESSED WITH
and that "good" dudes feel they need recognition bc assholes get so much attention. hmmmm
He ain't no good but he feel so good
"@liltony_32: Mrs Wrong make me feel so good.. But Mrs Wrong break my heart so bad! "o
you make me feel so good
Why is it that every time I listen to Keane I feel like cutting my wrists with a rusty butter knife? Dammit they're so good I can't stop
Feel so good, so real
So I asked my boy why do "good" dudes feel they need a pat on the back for being such. I personally feel like that's your job to be...
It is cold out HERE! I'm hungry and my bed is going to feel SO GOOD when I get home!
“@Iam_W0man_18: Lol y'all I feel so good right now haha I'm fina make a big ass bowl of frosty flakes!!” its FROSTED flakes asshole
I REALLY don't feel like Arugn' w/. Kiana ass tonight. So i'm just going tell her " Good Night"
This bed feel so GOOD.! I'm sleeping til 3 den go home. .&& get CUTE
Mrs Wrong make me feel so good.. But Mrs Wrong break my heart so bad!
Uh. I feel so sick. I might throw up... Rubicon Mango isn't a good idea in the morning
My snuggle feel so good and warm
All these handicap pianist are making me feel so lazy and crappy. Why are they so good???
X feel so good like a compliment! It's a trip jus going out on it!
Feel so good being bad.
You ever felt so sure that you made one of the best decisions through pure instinct alone. Well that's how I feel right now. God is Good
So angry Im starting not to feel good.
I'm gonna make you feel so good tonight cause there might not be a tomorrow ;-)
I love deontae so much it scares me and I feel like I'm not being a good gf to him right now knowing he needs me right now more than ever:/
back on my ishh it feel so good . this break doing me good ima be erkd when I go back to school , I already got comfortable lol .
house feel so good....
Joy wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain
I Think It May Make Me Feel Good &I Won't Be So Tired During The Day
Be thankful for the bad that made the good seem so good. Then you can really take in all the good. Feel me? Life lessons at 2:37 people
I feel so good right now I don't even care about all the things that need to be done
I dont feel so good :-/
"It makes your throat feel so fuckin good" -Dakota
Being ignored doesn't feel so good now does it?
oh god... :( jāiet laikam pastīties TV :// I don`t feel so good :/
Love it feel so good ^___^
it feel so good
I'm feel good so fuck it !!!!
You Aint No Good but you Feel so Good..
I feel good I got some time off, Boy  its been so long Did you have fun?
Damn, I feel so good. Cussing is fucking amazing if done right.
I feel so not good. :(
I feel so good right now. Can't get to sleep. I dont wanna sleep this feeling off....
it feel so good hearing "it will rain" on piano. I am studying the chords now.
Only the good die young  .How can it feel so real .And be so wrong
I feel good, I knew that I would,so good,so good, I got you... So good, so good,I got you. So good, so good, I got you HEY!! ¡Feliz Sábado!
I dont feel good so I'm going to sleep. Goodnight.
Have had my share of bad relationships...so i know a good one coming when i see it, i can just feel it
Da joy u bring to me makes me feel so good inside<3
My Bed Feel So Damn Good
Girl u make a nigga feel good so good
This cake is so good, feel like eating all of it
I Feel Like Shit So I'm Going To Go Eat.. Since That's All I'm Ever Good For..
This feel so good bro
Alright will I aint feeling good.. So imma go to sleep. Hope by tomorrow I'll feel better.! In Jesus name. lol
I feel good so i kno ima sleep good!
Joy  wouldnt feel so good if it wuznt fuh pain
Having a little party tonight and my buddy is getting a few mates around, so maybe I could finally get a revenge fuck to make me feel good?
Bein with my nephew makes me feel so good. Proud aunt of 12 years. I wouldn't trade that boy in for NOTHING. I <3 him more than I can tell u
New year 2012! It's coming.  Somehow, I feel so good. I'm ready to start! I wanna say goodbye 2011! I'm looking forward to 2012
Don't feel so good:\
Amazing how as soon as I have time to think even as tired as I am and as good a day I had I feel like complete trash.. I hate myself so much
wow how cn i feel good about something so moraly wrong
Pleasure wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain..
Baby, im gunna make you feel so good tonight cause we might not get tomorrow.
“@GeorgiaSurridge: That's so typical.. The one time I actually NEED a good nights sleep I barely sleep at all :| & now I feel like shit!”
I feel like Sunny is so good at everything in life, haha :) <3
I DON'T FEEL GOOD NON WAT SO EVER
even doe i said it was okay. i still feel extremely suckish & ugly!  stuff happens tho. so good night :)
Ahhhhhhh it's gonna feel so good to sleep in my own bed.(:
Spongebob Marathon.. It's so good to feel like a kid again. :P
U ain't no good ...but u feel so good but I gotta leave u alone
“@AddictiveA_: I feel so good!!” . .Lol I wonder why ? shoulda went bck there too .
I feel so stupid man swear I do..but I ain't gone say why"!! Its all good doe...im off this shit ..
supercell - Feel so good
oki so i dont feel so good 2day so dnt think ill be online till next year ;) have a good 1 2night what ever your doin xx
- feel so good to lay down .
It feel so good
I always find a way to fuck things up when anything is ever going good in life...haven't as of late so I can really feel it coming.
"She said you aint no good but you feel so good"
You Feel so good ; )
Why  does being bad feel so darn good ?
when it hurts so bad, why does it feel so good...?
1 "YasserHareb: “rashedhareb: So true RT "DoctooRa: Its better to feel good than to look good"”"ng5ju
Why I feel so touching to watch "Its ok daddy's girl"....so far,the plot was so good...
HEATER CAR FEEL SO GOOD (meant to be read in a caveman voice)
I always knew we had a good connection. I just wanna make it wireless so I can still feel it when I go back to school. I'm clever
I feel good, I got some time off Girl its been so long
Im so warm right now I feel good
A hot shower would feel so good right now.
Damn you feel so good
It's gonna feel so good sleeping in my own bed tonight!
I felt so sad for shacquan today just wanted to hug him up to make him feel better I am such a good ex girlfriend
Why am I being so mean right now? I sure feel good,though. :D
I feel so sick! I want to go to sleep, but I don't feel good :(
He said,yu ain't no good but yu feel so good
you feel so good, you smell so good, you feel so warm jus like a knew you would, i cant let you go <3
I feel so good right now
I've been told by multiple guys that I'm one of the only girls that actually has good punching formation and I feel so cool to be honest..
Uggggggggggggggh. I feel so bad about feeling good. :c
Mane layin down feel so good rite na
She said that I aint no good but I feel so good
I wanna be bad...you make bad feel so good...I'm losing all my cool...I'm about to break the rules!!!!
He say you ain't no good but you feel so good he say wat if I could but I gotta leave you alone! La la la laaa
You ever been in pussy so good it feel like a treasure in the pussy???
Oooh it feel so damn good to finally get in my bed ...
My bed feel so good :-)
IM GOING I DON'T FEEL SO GOOD BYE AND IF IM NOT HERE TOMORROW HAPPY NEW YEAR I LOVE U
My head feel so good right now I don't even want to wrap my hair
My bubble bath feel so good
Juss cried for the first time in a long time I feel like im not good enough for the one I love so why am I still alive?
Omg that swim was soooo bomb , I feel so good !!!
Why does it feel so good outside ???
why everything thats supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Hey And U Get Popular Baby And Like A Cradle Ill Be Rockin U Baby I Feel Good When Im On Top Of You Baby So Im S Stay On Top Of U Baby Hey..
Sometimes I feel sad because I just dont understand how I get treated so wrong, by now I suprise im not a good girl gone wrong.
You're husband might be cute.. You have good taste.. LOL SIKE! You're kids are going to come out ugly ^.< I feel so bad. Ugh.
Reggae makes me feel so good :-) Let it be known
So I'm doing a "Before 2011 ends, i just wanted you to know..." on Facebook & it feels so good letting ppl know how i really feel about em.
I feel good I gave my cousin so many presents next yr even more for her
my friends make me feel so good about myself. i'm their favorite.
Feel for a cafe brekky right now but I'm going to my nans so dats a good west indian brekky
And It feel so bad but it feel so good
" She said...You ain't no good, but you feel so good, She said, I would if I could, but I gotta leav5Kr
Still sick in bed and watching TIE88. I got such a love/hate relationship with the series. It's so good but makes me feel sick to my stomach
I was bribed! I feel so dirty and used! Juan thinks he did a good job, in reality I got only 2 dollars less than I asked for, PWN. ^-^
This heating pad on my bk feel so good
Feel so good to be finally off my knee.
I feel so bad for not having this movie on DVD. It's so good, it's my favorite movie and I don't have it!
I Smell Good & Feel GREAT ... So Whats Popping Twitter ...
You ain't no good but you feel so good
Someone who is always telling you negative things about yourself just so they could feel good < I have someone like that I noticed.
It's feel so good not being sun burnt : ) after being extremely burnt last week being down here but I am not burnt today : )
She got her legs on my shoulders looking in my eyes... Feel so good I'm bout to cry while I'm inside....
Good morning. The flu is half way gone, I feel so much better Al hamdulillah  (:
My legs feel so lovely and smooth after a good shavin' . :))
Thou shall not commit adultery! .But why does it feel so damn good?
He makes me feel so good....better than i would or....if i was with anybody else!!!
She said u ain't no good, but ya feel so good. She said I would if I could, but I gotta leave you aloneee
Had a very long day , feel so good to finally lay dwn!! Goodnight : )
She used to make me feel so good like i was on top of the world#Novacane
She said...you ain't no good, but u feel so good...She said, what if I could? But I gotta leave you alone...
Feel so good I'm bouta cry!
// Even when I'm sad I'm always the one to hide it & put a smile on my face so others won't be. I hope that makes people feel good & happy!
Feel so good im bout to cry while your inside
When I take my hair out its gone feel so good
I feel so damn good/proud of myself right now.. (:
I feel so good being at home
How it feel so good after a great run !!
Why does my bed feel so good tonight >.<. I needa stay up
sometime whore moans just feel so good from the hormones ;)
Twitter so funny... The only place in the world where yu can front/flex and feel good bout it...
It's gonna feel so good to be bck home
She said I ain't no good but I feel so GOOD ..
Why do so many guys lie about loving a girl? Does it feel good to lie to her, have her fall & get hurt, then take it out on her future guys?
You ain't no good but you feel so good,I know you bad but I want you bad!
My mom banned me from donating my blood again. First time collapse in six years. And I still don't feel so good.
It Feel so good I wanna cry sex lol
Tell me why everything thats bad feel so fuckin good.
Sometimes I feel good at times I feel used. Lovin you darlin makes me so confused
I den came down feel real good, look so fresh rep my hood.
Feel so good been out
joy wouldn feel so good if it wasnt for pain
It Feel So Good Out Here
Now I'm back w my iPhone. It's feel so good to be home. Haha! :P
Ahh don't feel so good :/
tired ndd mad as ever dhisx usally be daa tyme meh ndd daa hubbi be on daa phne he got meh spoiled lol ndd dnt feel good et all so goodnite!
- Sometimes I love you . Sometime you make me blue sometimes I feel good at times I feel used locking you darling makes me so confused .
I feel so good about myself right now..
What I want is Erotic? .What I want is Romantic? .Let me feel,let me feel so good.(sadistic)
I dont feel good what so ever, I wish I was laid up under ....
Hot tub timeeee.  This shit finna feel so good
Welp...night night my loves! I don't feel so good. I had a long day...tweet yall later! Muah ♡♥ sweet dreams!!!
Actually feel so good to be talking to you again :)
- he aint no good but it feel so good , what if I could ? . But I gotta leave him alone
Reading old texts that make you feel so good>>>>>
feel so good by remy & neyo will always be my song . .& the same goes for dance for you <33 .
Those little things people do / say that make you feel so good about yourself. c:
I'ma sleep so good tonight. I can feel it .
I feel so good right nowwwww
' it feel so good to reunite these loveDUCKS [ no not birds <3 ] ducks :)
My bed feel so good
You make me feel so good!!!
i feel so worried talking to myles on Skype. I'm actually a good, kind, sweet girl from the warmest parts of heaven, really.
Im feel so good when im drinking water
Sunny days wouldn't be special if it weren't for rain, Joy wouldn't feel so good if it weren't for pain .
Uhhh I dnt feel so good :/
i feel so good to even hear her voiceafter err thangg that has went on today
Bought a song for the first time in years on iTunes..it was that good..and it's making me feel so much better.
I feel so good and we had such a great night, bout to make things right <3
There was always that one knob head at school who bought the most expensive phone, thought it was good but it was actually really shit
Saying good night and telling the mother that I'll see her next year. She 100% freaked out and thought I was running away or something.
That was some good ass sleep... Idk why I was so sleepy all day yesterday. Smh.
My iPod was on all night last night. I really think that's why I slept so good.
«@Oops_MyBOOBS 2011 was a good year ... Learned a lot , lost a lot , gained a lot .... 2012 WILL be better tho ... I'm claiming that»
Lol imagine that night cx ,nah but it was a good movie (:
That was a good shower . Back in the bed i go . ^.^ see ya'll later .
That was not a good game for  us against blackbrun we misst rooney today
That was a good sleep :)
Now that was a good movie...
Phrases I didn't think I'd hear today:"Oh! Your nail color matches your blood perfectly!" . Good. That's what I was going for.
That was a good ass sleep idk why I was so tired yesterday... All day. Smh
Somebody posted my Licence and cards back to me that I lost the other night! Whoever it was THANK YOU! Still some good people out there..
____ Just Called & Asked Was I Comin' To They Party Tonight. Told em Yeaa Cause It Sounded Good , I Aint fuckin' W/ That BS
2011 was a year of growth for me. Blessed to have made it through with good friends and a family that loves me unconditionally.
Work today was actually good.. my regional manager called up and told me that she wasn't actually angry at me and etc so yeah
Uggghhhh that was not a good idea.
The onlyyyyy thing 2011 with her FUGLY dirty, stanky, bladed headed axx gave me that was GOOD was my beautifullll DAUGHTER.. Ty bish! 
Wow, that was a awesome game good work Bulls. I see is Red
I really dislike Monroe piercings. The only person that ever actually looked good with one was Amy Winehouse tbh.
That Food Was Good AF .
I wish she would just show me that the choice i made was a good one
It's been a pretty good year..somethings didn't workout but everything that was supposed to did...happy 2012!
someone asked if I was the owner.. either I look that old or I'm just that good
This Year Was Good In August-November And The Very Beginning Of December, But After That It Just Sucked Balls, Hopefully 2012 Will Be Better
Was that the best shit you've got? Really? THAT AIN'T GOOD ENOUGH.
What a performance we just saw from the Reds; outstanding. Made us proud with some top quality football that was way too good for Leeds
Of course that film coming out about Thatcher was gonna suck. Apparently the only thing good in it is Meryl Streep but she's usually good
That Breakfast was too good <3
out of whiskey, gin and vodka - does that mean it was a good break or bad one?
Tonight I was honestly gonna drink till I didnt think about all that went on in 2011 but that wouldnt be good for me.
So i just wanna say that 2011 was a great year. It had its good and bad. I have new friends, teachers and a school that is okay by far(c)
I Guess Makin Sure That You Good Was My Bad, Thought You Had The Same Feelings I Had.
THAT WAS A GOOD EFFORT FROM MY DUTCH PRINCE <3 <3 <3
That was good, but the finish could've been better.
So far so good !! But that was really bad to do that to arshavin and then so close for van persie !!
Hurry Up And Come Midnight! Time For A Whole New Everything, I Can't Wait To Kiss 2011 Good Bye And All The Bs That Was In It!
The only thing good bout this year was seeing take that 2 times amazing concerts I hope 2012 is my year :) xxxx
Dang Scot Sinclair that was a good ball!
Wow that was a good comeback =D
My day was going very good until that shit damn
Was that a good bye from Drogba?
That was a good sleep best rest I had in a good minute start goin to sleep late more often
My mother jus tried to fight me then stole my car and my debit card  this was not a good morning, everything bck but nah that was crazy
“He's good looking tho! And so is his boy friend!” That was uhm wierd to say.. -__-
That breakfast wasn't good but my Momma n Auntie thought it was.
What we had was good i really thought we stood a chance, but that thought quickly passed
That 4 miles was good this morning
Wish I was somewhere good for NYE like new york times square that is on my bucket list fo sho lol :D
If you fought w/ a friend/bf/gf/coworker, and there was a way to erase all the memories,good & bad,with that person, life would b 2 EASY,lol
Welp on that note, the middle school was good, it was the high school I hated.
I really cannot believe that 2011 is basically over . it was just starting to get good !
That biscuit was good af !
that applebees last night was mmm mmm good!
“@Rys_Collin: When god made u he was have a good day! coz u're so special, so kindhearted, that its difficult to tell in words. HB Michael”
Knowing that It will take a miracle to get more hurt then I was throughout this year is a good thought.
In a good mood .. looking forward to 2012 .. not that 2011 was bad .. but always nice for change
This new years was supposed to be good...but its not looking like that :/
Yey! my mom told me that my table setting was good. :)
That breakfast was good as hell -__+
It was a total of 27km in Frim. Steroid hill was a killer but nothing that cant be done. Good sport good company.
Bedouin 4y Aseel was admitted to the Abu Raya rehabilitation center in Ramallah today. For 2 months she will get good care, but after that?
That Coconut Ciroc was good Lastnight
When god made u he was having a good day! coz u're so special, so kindhearted, that its difficult to tell in words. happy birthday Michael
That part "I say SHINee you say oppa, SHINEE! OPPA! SHINEE! OPPA! was the best. Sth too good to be missed.
My ex sent a text saying he hopes all that was good in "11 will be great in "12 & all that was bad in "11 will be gone in "12. How ironic
2011 was good but i got a feeling that 2012 is gonna be better
Oh good, Sir Alex got my present. I was sure that the FA wouldn't allow him to accept a loss. My festive wrapping must have fooled them
I guess makin sure that you good was my bad
I have never needed a drink more than this moment. That 2nd half was an absolute embarrassment. Paddy & Connolly sorry lads, not good enough
Finally every sportscaster is off tebows cock. it's almost like they realized that.. He was never any good.
Good morning that was a gr8 walk gud way 2 start the day with a clear mind b heart ...
RT"@bethanyhudson7: 2011 was a good year..but its all about that 2012 :)"
New year's eve was pretty great. Just got home, and just like that I lost my good mood.
There was so many good memories this year that I want for get.
That food was good
Finally every sportscaster is off tebows cock. it's almost like they realized that.. He was never any good
i almost was late for my hair appt, that's how good I was sleeping.
I just burped And then my mom says "that was good who was that?" from an unidentified part of the house
Last night was cray… in a Good Way!!! Lil, shawty defintely held her own but I bet that's not what the neighbors heard or thought of. Lol
Twitter is over capacity. That was not good for me! SHIT
This year went too fast. I think from January to September it was good. After that, it just got shitttt.
I'm feeling good right about now. That was some good ass sleep.
2011 was a good year ... Learned a lot , lost a lot , gained a lot .... 2012 WILL be better tho ... I'm claiming that
that food was soo fucking good
He was my last everything in 2011.  I guess that's something good to remember.
"@frankieyoutwit: Sa that was just shit after good play from Hangeland." Take that back lol.
That mass did my eye no good. I can't have obviously-cried eyes on the start of 2012! Still, it was for the good. My heart feels better. :)
.@melissapierce Hahahaha, I was still in bed when I typed that and no one had brought me any coffee (a *good* thing, given the roommate).
Just shocking good job I got plenty of beer at home to help me get over it coz am gonna need it that was a disgrace
Somebody asked me what I was on the iPad doing in my Avi that was a good question lol
.@y0haN told me that Day of Defeat: Source was good.  He was wrong.
That was a good chance for Villa but Chelsea starting slow as usual
That morning read was damn good. Now off to fix this flat tire. Anybody know of a good used tire place in Chicago?
Watching MTV Jams, they're playing old Rocafella vids. Teairra Mari's first video comes on....good lord was that woman blessed.
"@_Miss_Thickness: The only thing that was good for me in 2011 is that my son was born..Hoping things get better in 2012" same here!!!
When u stop kicking it with someone u realize that dude was lame af.  He just had some good D.
Morning America...now that was a good Friday az fosho... Pretty women was out and the stuck up hoes stayed home ayeeee
Omg remember when I watched Chatroom. Omg that movie was so good.
That was a good movie, Sherlock Holmes...font remember the rest of the title
I can honestly say that 2011 was pretty good to me. :) Happy New Year, everyone! Hopefully, 2012 will be even better.
That was a good workout.
Holiday Inn Clark! Food was good but the property wasn't really that nice.
That really blew me to say I was gon wake up in a good mood!! HA yea right!!
I fink its good we lost coz fergie said he wasn't buying players come january nd I tot that was stupid, this one wil make him re-think
Listening to HAM makes me think about the time it first came out that was my sis shit in the club lol good times
“@QueenShoeGuru: “@Mr7_Eleven: Thank you to everyone that was apart of my life in 2011! Good or Bad, you have made me a better person!””
I was wondering when the chatter would start that a weak EUR/USD would be good for the EZ... Well if
Somebody shoulda told me that prison break was this good..
Sa that was just shit after good play from Hangeland.
Damn alarm- that was a good dream
That food I had yesterday was good until I woke up this morning
That was a good way to spend the last Friday of the year
In 2012 I want to make some new, fun people so this time next year I can look back and be like, dammmnnnnn, that was a good ass year.
Good point on my timeline, DDG was playing well until he was dropped for 2 weeks. Now we drop Lindegaard and that happens. Stick with one.
That's was a Good Fuckin night :-)
Dang that waffle and ham just made me sleepy...it was good though lol
all the good boys that was good to me yall will get far with that shit rt! Smh I fucked up!
That was a good ass game
2011 was a really good year for me, the reason why I have the confidence that 2012 will be better if not as good. Cheers!
Tell me why I just ate some wic cereal and that shit was good as hell !!!!!!
Good to know that buying a chocolate snowman was worth it.
Wow... That's not breakfast... "@truerealhonest: I ate a little chocolate mint from the Olive Garden this morning, it was good!"
Damn, that was a good looking combO by Fedor.
it was a good year. The Lord watched over me,and that's where a I thank God, he has always been there  for us. I hope ever1 has a g8 '12.
Yesterday was a REALLLY a good day.! ..I hope 2012,is more like that..
I had a good feeling that was the end of that quick conversation.
That movie was good :)
I can't believe a year ago,I didn't know more than half the people who were in/important in my life right now. that's what was good in 2011.
I know that's a good thing I was gonna text u lol since you didn't have my number
that chicken i had last night was good lol
"dude omg they smoked me up soo good." "that was your own pot dumb ass.."
Damn that OJ was good!!! I think I want some more.
If New years eve isn't a good enough excuse to hit the bar and drink yourself to death that was poor poor game was happy new year to you all
Don't know much about Fedor's opponent, but it was good to see him get another win. Nice KO by the man that knows all about KO's..
My poor stomach. Last night was good! Never have dissaronno, sourz, rum, wine, rum, dissaronno, martini and Strongbow in that order again.
well that was a good result for blackburn...
2011 was a crazy year! But im taking the good w/ me, and all that other shit will be in my rear view.
Odi's status on FB was a real good one for once...Love seeing that underlying foundation layer beneath it all
After all that I have to say it was a very good night! everyone was happy & cheerful, laughing & having a good time. Great new years eve! :)
It's sadden me when a perfect and good song has a duration for about 2 Minutes only. I wish it was longer than that.
That was a good work out...
I hope that 2011 was overall good to everyone and if it wasn't, then just learn from the bad and proceed in the right direction.
I don't want to see anybody saying that a point was a good result against blackburn because of 2days result. Rafael was centre mid for mancs
Oh, how I wish it was me that you call in your room 'cause you wanna say good night...
This was a good yr. A few lows towards the end but that didn't last too long. I'm blessed and lookin fwd to a new yr of greatness!!! :-)
positive i took out of that disgrace was Rafael return well pleased for ma guy and also welbeck continues to impress good performance there
You fucking fucker waking me up, that was such a good sleep
This lady talking about i got a good mama and she got us spoiled lol...that was nice = )
yaaa that's good when i get the link and the perform was end -____-
2011 was a good year, sucks ending it single but its all good, thanks to all my friends that made this a special year
The only part of 2011 that was good was my party and the process of planning it!!!
That slp was good. I want more <3
Brion&Brion get together wasn't all that but the food was good ; I'm in love w / dhat rice !
I admit I dont have a good year. 2011 is really tough. From heartaches to another heartbreaks. That was past. Let's leave ot there.
One thing I learned bout myself this year is that I will hurt a bitch feelings over some good dick lmao I was drunk doe
I told you I was trouble you know that I'm no good.
that was a good afternoon nap
GLORY GLORY MAN UNITED! We will catch up. I have to admit that it was a good game.
I remember that Selena was in the hospital this year because she didnt took a good care of herself, i was worried af.
“@_skinNbones That was a good game tho 77-73”
this time last year I was In the Trafford centre in manchester that place is huge good timez. First time I went in hollister I was scared.
that was good blackburn, but its not exactly a 6-1 though
These are good games, just not that great. Gears3 was worst gameplay wise than 2. BF3 SP was just super boring, Rage... was just mediocre.
this Friday he said that he liked me just enjoyed staying with me! .But you know it was good to know I know why, because I did not like him!
2012 Needs to make up for the Shit year that was 2011. i think maybe 2 good things happened this year.
Hahahahahahaha, that was good, keano there's only one keano,
But lol , I just got through watching Bad Teacher . . . It wasnt all that funny but it was a good movie though .
Breakfast was good, now I gotta hope that helps me get through a 12-10 shift at work
Gutted that man u lost but it was still a good game
I was snoring that's how you know i was sleeping good.. then it was just ruined :( lol
Happy Birthday Fergie that was a good way to celebrate a bday Blackburn 3
This is the last day of this year, and to be honest it was SO good that I don't want it to be over.
I think that Virgo tweet was correct af...its all good though I gotta lot of love to give
Naw I said that last year though lol but it was...centennial, graduation, starting business...all good things
Uniteds team they had out was terrible, need to buy a new centre mid in january. Yakubu in the fantasy team, only good thing about that game
My mommy just told me that she was very happy for me when she realised that 3 of my friends showed up just now. (: Yay, God is good (:
Oh that was rude of me... GOOD MORNING!
That was not gumbo last night..... it was good, but it wasn't gumbo.
I have a collection of songs on my iPod that I listened to when I was younger, some of them are still such good songs though!
No matter how bad your 2011 was, I'm positive you still had more blessings than disappointments . God is that good.
Last day of 2011..the year was good to me..I found my faith,new friends that I call family,a job,Baptized a new Christian TYJ/@fc_downtown
On a serious note, 2011 overall was good to me. Sure there were a few bumps on the road, but that's life.......lets continue making history
I just finished toeic simulation test. The result was not good. So, if I hope that I get good score, I have to study very hard.
2011 was a very hard year but I made some really good friends. I'm thankful for that at least.
They just delivered my 50 inch that was such a nice gift I have good friends 
I'm finna go back in on that mystery chili... it was was good, I just don't know what's in it
Last night was another good time I appreciate everyone that sled through
Does that mean our point against blackburn was a good one haha get in there
That call @ 7am "u was looking good as shit, I wanted u to leave with me" hahaha it ain't that ez love..its really not
It was really a good thing na that thing happened kaya tayo nagkakilala. Because we became better persons for each other.
New years eveeee! Last day of 2011 :( it was a good year.... some parts weren't that great, but still, in all it was a great year! :) <3
Just finished Bastion. Damn. That was good. Or better than good. Super great. Awesome.
Good god, sesame street. The kid couldnt learn to ride a bike cause he was on grass. Things that anger me.
This was a good year there's somethings that wasn't too good but I'm alive, healthy & happy so let the past be the past.
In SUCH a good mood. Anyone would think it was my last shift before two weeks in the Caribbean and that my football team had beaten Man U.
Ol dude OShea was tryna spit that good game to Kiya_UBKillinEMzYeivQ
But that was some good ass slewp
Yakubu's 2nd goal though...that was good stuff.
Last morning of 2011 which was an awesome year. However something tells me that 2012 is going to be fantabulous as well! ;) Good day y'all!
That 2hr nap was good !
Had a dream that I saw Jamaal! That was a good dream!
But that was just her character, she's a good actress
6 kilometer walk complete. Not sure if that was a good suggestion as we relaxed in bed earlier!
That breakfast sandwich was good waiting to get my cut now im tired as shit
That was a good game tho 77-73
Feelin good no hangover..i feel even better i didnt fall into tha nigga trap lastnight...yall dont kno how hard that was fuck him tho
Been in atlanta since thursday and  was having a good time then I  got some unwanted news yesterday that totally put me in a  bad space!!!
Yo that pizza we made last nite from scratch ... omfg just remembered it, shii was sooo good
Last night I had a dream that a naked Jason Segal was lost in the woods and I was leading the search party to find him. Pretty good dream.
being the loser that I am, i was about to fall asleep while watching a movie... good thing the internet kept me busy lol yay!
That shit was good af
Last day of 2011.. What can I say, it was a good year and I thank god for that. I wouldn't be here without him.
I ate ONE time yesterday. I'd say that was good the way I've been eating lately.
Oh dear oh dear! Did not see that result coming! Good job I was not near my laptop!
wow.... my parents friends said to me: "You are so sweet and looking so good. I´ve told you that so many times. right?" and I was like *_*
Just rewoke up from a song on the radio, that was in my dream!! And it was a pretty damn good dream...I wish it was real though!!!!
“@Mr7_Eleven: Thank you to everyone that was apart of my life in 2011! Good or Bad, you have made me a better person!”
I hate being bothered in the am when I was FINALLY having a good, comfortable sleep! Haven't slept like that all wk
I ate a Turkey sandwich that was so damn good last night....
“robmoyle: Boucher really should just retire knowing he was never that good anyway. giveitup standto
Good morning Twitter Happy New Years Eve everyone :-) !! This really is the last day of the year wow that was fast
*stretches & yawns* that was some good sleep
The team that was put out was good enough to win but they were too cocky. Nani has all the talent but no brains
I can't fade going back to the cold whether..my body was feeling good..had that "summer bounce" lol
.@morosamt Good song, sung and danced well. Link was 'not in US' but I looked up 2 that worked. Why is her butt famous?
You know that was good shit when you wake up and your STILL High . >>>>>> Cdfu
De Gea was flapping for that last goal smh he a good shot stopper bt stil looks suspect to me
That was a good end to the year for me,with my shit blackburn team somehow beating man utd.  .Now how to celebrate?
That breakfast was good.
i HATE trying to lose weight!! never works :/ but that Big Carl with that dr. pepper was so good :)
Looooooooool that was a good match
That was good banter by Blackburn
manchester didnt win but oh well it was still a good game..well that was exciting because it was my first soccer game I have ever watched :)
and that's what cost us the game. Hernandez didn't have a good game (been having a though time this season), but unless he was injured I..
That was a good game.. Congratulation Blackburn! *nangis*
Massive result for Blackburn Rovers! 2 good back to back results. As for Man United, that was poor! Need to buy in January!
I was adamant on having a good year...despite all the negatives I could not control...that's why I have nothing but good to say about 2011..
I knew I wouldn't regret it. Had a good feeling about that and the 20 quid was a good investment. #£680 up. Happy new year !!
that movie & seeing in IMAX was the fucking shit it was good enough to pay the extra just to watch IMAX from now on lol
My thoughts of 2011: had the best summer EVER! It was a random year, wasn't that bad, lots of deaths yet I'd say it was a good year
All i want is that i can lay in bed tonight and listen to "today was a good day"
I'm going to watch that Mission Impossible at some point this week.. Even my grandmother said it was good
What the hell was that?! Can't say Blackburn were good coz they weren't! We were just dismal
That was some good ass sleep!
That was not good. Need to get some players back asap
THE ONLY FUCKING GOOD THING ABOUT WAS TO BE THIS MATCH BUT NOT EVEN THAT HAS GONE RIGHT
That would have been funny if it wasn't me who hit his nice car.. I wasn't laughing. He handled it pretty good though. I was surprised
That $75 oil change must have worked too good. I almost got 3 speeding tickets last night. Car was running too smooth.
Well that was good..
Today I'm actually happy I woke up at an ungodly hour accidentally. That ManU v Blackburn game was INSANE. So good
That was when Queen were good, before they became commercialised
That was that.. No Complaints.. The Selection did not work out.. Only good is Rafael and Anderson back to the Squad..
Do people still think that playing Rafael ahead of Pogba was a good idea? Pogba is overhyped but at least he's a natural CM.
Well that wasnt how I was expecting the day to start! We weren't great today,  lack of spark. We are good when we play against open teams..
“@SheWalksnPRETTY: When someone retweets ur tweet its like awesome!!....but when someone favorites that shit...you know it was a good tweet”
That was incredible. Happy birthday Red Nose. Good luck De Gea and Nani - ye will need it.
Definitely not about to guess if a tweet was for me or not. Especially when my phone ain't notified me that I had a mention. Good morning
Happy birthday Ferguson! Good present that was from Blackburn!
Oh that was a good start to todays games?
I was good until I laid back down nd had that fucking dream....
That Lemonade Was Good , Gonna Go Back Too Sleep Now Gooodnight !
'We didn't think wearing T-shirts was an appropriate or helpful show of that support'. Good to see sfjl
Good that was lol
well that was a good match. the unlikely contenders ended up winning. the beauty of soccer
Was thinking that Blackburn to win would be a good bet, but couldn't bring myself to do it :(
was mostly responsible. De Gea just doesn't have it. Hope he comes good, but can't win titles w/that keeper right now. Maybe in future.
That banana was type good!!!!
that was some good &nd well needed sleep though.
I guess its time to acknowledge that 2011 was a good year 4 me overall. Definitely not an easy one, but good.
I've just learnt that my face is allergic to candied ginger body shop body butter .... my face felt like it was on fire!!! ha! good start
Since I lived it should be a good thing"@MsSheilaHarris: That dream stands for something "@_Finny: I was shot 5 times...but I lived""
Always said that Kean fella was a good manager
2011 was a good year. It doesn't have to end, does it? It is only a year old. Oh well. I heard long ago that only the good die young.
That Mane Look Good Boee . I know he wasent That Good Looking when he was a Kid .
Blackburn was 21-1 to win this morning you knoooow I put a £1 on that shit!!! Too good at betting!!!!!!
After pouring rain, a sad boys poor attempt at picking up my friend, an over flowing toilet it was still a good night. I'll drink to that ;)
well that was not good
When someone retweets ur tweet its like awesome!!....but when someone favorites that shit....you know it was a good tweet
Well that was a good ass movie!
Good morning PHreaks! I was up super late last night. Haven't done that in a while but I'm happy with why I was up! ;-)
A Nikka hate wen he haven a good Convo at like 4 sum in da morning but go 2sleep n wake up 2 a txt that was sent 2mins after u went 2sleep
Man my dad ate my fish from last night -___- that shit was good too
That cereal was good.
Damn that sleep was good. Right back to it for about another hour and a half and I'll be good and ready like microwaved pizza...
I had a dream my friends and I got into a brawl at the club tonight but I was the only one that went to jail. not a good New Years at all.
Hungry af! I ate busy bee yesterday and that shit was good
I don't get why people are saying "F 2011"...the year was only as good as YOU made it...that being said 2011 was f*cking awesome.
I don't think 2011 was all that bad for me it actually was a good one but I just want 2012 to be better cause its my last year of HS
I made a promise to myself that today was the last day! Good bye...take care!
2011 was a crazy year. Nothing good, all crazy hectic stuff happening. I really feel like 2012 is going to be like that. Plus my graduation
...All I meant was that if ur gonna go out&party with a guy u gotta make that effort to insure u look GOOD! U can't b goin2a club&other
the last friday of 2011 i dropped 27 with 5 assist against a D1 school. i think that was a good way to end my last friday of 2011!
That was a Pretty good wank, albeit short.
Performing poetry for the first time in my life...that was fun. Good 2011 memory
iGotPleNtyCaKe I'm sorry that was unwarrented. Was good where we at imma come thru after workiDQ
2011 was... eventful. In both good and bad ways, mainly good. Hopefully 2012 will be better, and that's all we can really hope for, right?
2011 was not that very good in our family.. Hope 2012 will be kind to us. HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone:)
That was the last basketball practice of 2011 and I made it a good one.
That was a Good night
But it was good I got that cum back pussy
Haven't made it home yet but that Nandos was good
i need to talk to ( ? ) cause that dream was not looking too good !
I really wanted to have a good start to the year.. That was until my dad ignored me.
I think we should be together become we'll make a good couple and after all you was and is my crush Smh awwwwww that was so sweet to me
Aaah, 2011, you've been very good to me. But I'll try my best to blend in into 2012. But still 2008 was the BOMB! Nothing can beat that! ;PP
can't i had a good summer holiday tbh ...that was a bitch ;(
That talk with my vonne vonne was a real good talk! I love her
Good morning bro. Have a nice day :-) "@alpha_dasi: And that was my first tweet of the day lol Goodmorning"
Well that was a interesting dream...Good Morning :-)
Well what a good and bad year that was, highs and lows. Next yr will just be full of highs :)
Damn that shit was good
2011 was great, I hope and pray that 2012 will be just as good.  Trusting in God's plan.
I almost came from eating a piece if candy, it was that good. I've never felt so dirty.
Oh did I mention I finally left blackberry? I totally outgrew that platform it was good while it lasted
That was a good game
It was good but when we had that same vintage years ago it was better. My Chinese wine fridge kept it.
This year 60% of fulfilling my goals, more good ta was the year that put my head in place, matured and created liability.
I am feeling more energized for LAT\/SUI than I was for SWE\/SVK. That's a good sign, right?
That was a really good match. Nole put up a tough match to beat.
There was only like 2 or 3 good things that happened this summer. The rest was me puking every other day..
Hahaaaaaa Z that was actually pretty good.
Remember the laptop loyal reporting how good that fucker john fleck was going to be ? He was the new dugs baws,right again he's away ffs HH
The good thing about this game was that, if they were losing/drawing like they are now- United haven't really got anyone on the bench.
Ctfu ! .. Shit !! .. My bad yes that was ta yu lol !! .. Good thing yu caught it haha !! .. And yes !
will despite the fact that mbc staff have been taking drugs and drinking I thought that was pretty good
damn, DAmn.. DAMN!! crackin'tfup that episode of good times was funny as shit
that was probably the forth time today he heas flapped at crosses,not good enough.
2011 wasn't about the bad times you had it was all the good times that you cherished.
I forgot they use Labs as bomb sniffing dogs. No wonder she was so good at finding her toy. Not the first time she's done that.
That takes the piss!!! I was reading a really good fanfic about 1D and then my phone spazzed out so I can't read it anymore. Fuck you phone.
Okay, now I'm gonna go vacuum out my hubby's Jeep.  He likes the way I suck! .(What? That was a good one!)
RT “@kaaatsolomon: 2011 was a good year for me. This year, I learned to be stronger. I'm praying that 2012 will be so much better.”
The only good thing that happened to me this 2011 was Demi Lovato.
That toast was good
It was a so-so year for me personally--some real lows even--but 2011 was the year that taught me good/bad years are not about me.
I'm happy to say I did a lot in year 2011 that's was a good year for me(:  Going in to year 2012 is goin be a start of my adulthood
That was a good mcdonalds
Idk! Wat that dream was Abt but it musta been good
Then said I was such a good listener the hugged me then started kissing me. Little did age know that this nigga is only 15 baby.
That was one damn good assss nighttt :)
My 2011 year was not so good but I know Allah got something for me in 2012 believe that
2011 was a good year for me. This year, I learned to be stronger. I'm praying that 2012 will be so much better.
Well that was good de gea...
The more I think about it 2011 was actually such a good year, but the bad things that happened just seem to block out all the good memories.
Lmaoo I was the last person that sent a text, therefor you have to reply to my goodnight with a good morning.
Omg man that Fridays was so freaking good last night
Hm, I was so caught up in my reading that I didn't even realize the time! Good night...
Thought I was doing good and that turned out to b a lie
“@Murff_BrozUp 2012 just might be a good year ima shit on all the mfs that was looking down on me” on 4 duece
Last night(3 hrs ago) was definitely a good night. And we didn't even finish the keg. But that's what today is for
Lol she was going hard with that aggravating ass stunting! Glad I wasn't on here! *shrugs* I'm over it now! Oan:  it was a damn good night!
Gettin ready to hit the gym. Last workout of 2011. Leaving everything there that came with the year. It was a good time tho.. but good bye
RT “@Self_mademill: Man that was some good sleep right there”
Good night nigga. lol, that was so not me. .Good  Night!! <3 =) x
-cutting someone who truly was ment to be in your life off for good is always hard but it be like that sometimes .
The only thing that was good about 2011 was when our softball team came 2nd in ROPSSAA
2011 was a year that i would like to forget but some good friends made a couple were lost but i am looking forward to what happens this yr.
oh, now that bit was just ridiculous! It was good up till the ending...even elle agrees....
2011 was the year of loosing old friends and making new friends and making life that more awesome you were good to me now let 2012 be better
“@bgradkowski5: Ya that movie the girl with the dragon fly tattoo was pretty good!”. Dragon fly tattoo?  Is it a porn spoof?
o fucking hell when i met ymas, that was such a good day man
2011 was the year with most drama for beliebers. But the good thing about it is that we seperated the true beliebers from the fake ones.
Good morning! That was some good "drunk-like" sleep. Time for Raisin Brand.
2012 just might be a good year ima shit on all the mfs that was looking down on me
I slept so hard lastnight I thought I was paralyzed this morning. I could not move! Man that was some good sleep
That team was so hard to beat. That's the best Man Utd side that I've seen. They played really good football.
That Asians was good last night but now it has my tummy doing the fool
Biggie Small is not only one of the greatest rappers of all time. He was a good cat with respect and a confident man. That is key.
Almost 2012...2011 was good...we did good. Hope to do better this year. That's all I can try to do:)
That game ladrn night was good as hell
You left someone great for who you thought was better. BIG MISTAKE! Good luck and have fun in that unfaithful relationship of yours (Y)
The only thing that was good for me in 2011 is that my son was born and ... Uh yea dats pretty much it.. Hoping things get better in 2012
That was that good good sleep
EXAMPLE; Before: was 27 secs. Now I'm like: Dude, that was so 14 seconds ago. GET IT? GOOD.
Well that was a pretty impressive touch down by Notre Dame. Good job!
I just... Tangled..... I just don't get it...... Like, it really just was not that good..........
Pancakes were great.  Scenery was not that good
Man, knew that Backburn lead was too good to be true
That  was a Good Way to Start The Day
That lobster was good yesterday fa lunch & fa dinner
It's the last day of 2011. I hope that this year was good to everyone and that the new year will be even better. Love and blessings.
Rubio was so hyped that people called him overrated. Now people expected him to be bad and he's actually good, can we call him underrated?
Played the cello for the first time on stage last night!!! That was a lot of fun playing a set with Dave, Loren and Sean. Good times!
how rude was that lol.. good morning AmeRikA
Essex Carnage was deff a good memory of 2011 ! -even tho I can't remember shit that happened.
I cant pretend that this was a good year but I cant pretend that this was a bad year
Well... that was a good night.
Despite all the doom and gloom for 2012, the general consensus is that 2011 was a good year for GP locums. Happy New Year everyone!
As the final hours of 2011 dissolve even more, I'd like to say for a moment that, this was one damn good year!
That was some good sleep...slept too long but it was nice sleepin past 630!
That breakfast was good .
Thought it would be difficult to say good bye... And not liking it that it was not so...
It's ages since I saw a good Catherine Wheel. I fixed one to a pair of brand new wooden gates once! That was really sensible. Not!!
That icee was GOOD
Damn that was a good doughnut.   Probably my last one of the year. Sigh
And he also fixed my time, so....I like him a bit more than before. I just thought he was an asshat that looked good but he's...nice.
If life on earth was good, there'd be no desire to get to heaven. Just know that God and faith will get you to a good place but never let
i was meant to tape the fireworks but that didn't really go to plan as the vcr didn't work! ugh. live stream? supposed to be really good.
A big black man carried me to my car, that's how u know it was a good asss night !
that was a good match
That cake was good .
Punishments are soo worth it when the act was that good (;
That apple was good biih
So that was a let down! Oh well good times coming tonighhhttt!
OH WHOA THAT WAS GOOD
good to be off black berry anyway that shit was getting long
Overall 2011 was rather successful.. had a lot of things fall through that could of been dope, but still had a lot of good songs drop.
Everything that has happened this year. Was a good year.
Worst .moment of 2011 - Finding out that Westlife are splitting, for good. I was so upset. But i'll stand by those 4 men no .matter what (:
'@joefrohlinger That was good... ☀Gold Star tweet!
Hey guys that 3 hr nap was much needed because I didn't sleep good at all last night.
Was that Good bye philippines?! 0__0
That Food I Had Last Nite Was GOOD''!
captmorgan42 Lmfao, wtf he do, he ate good and drink good tonight I bet he was talking about that forfb
Last day of 2011, the end of this year has been so good to me & it's made the entire rest of the year that was miserable, worth it.
On new years eve i saw that movie "new years eve" it was such a good movie:D
Kelis was good back then before she got that nose ring piercing <
Good shit cuz that was not the good shit. Idgaf how many punches u can take 2 the face doesn't make you a bjj black belt.
Good nap that was
Damn i missed mad calls n texts last night.....i was havin that good ass sleep... that perk knocked me the fuck out, shit felt good
I bought some nail polish that said it was a "kardashian kolor".... Ready to slut it up tonight. Good morning by the way ;)
My 2011 went well. So many memories to cherish. It wasn't that good. It's been full of ups and downs and yet 2011 was memorable.
That was funny. But good morning loves!!!
Yesterday I found out that my debit card was stolen and someone was taking money.....it's safe to yesterday was not a good day
I'm not even gon say I had a lot of good memories for 2011 ima say had a BIG ASS memory cuz that's exactly what it was and it's all my fault
That breakfast was good :)
2011 was a good ride... Time to take it to the top in 12. That's my motto!
Now that was some good sleep.
Lol my son just sad, "The bad news, is the good news"... He was yelling at his video game! But that quote was dope! Lol!!!
I woke wit her by my side sooo on that note lastnight was ah good one
We're all casually watching Sky News's coverage of the Royal Wedding :P that was something that made 2011 a good year...
Obviously that was meant to say good NEWS
so i gave a homeless man money the other day... good karma for the new year??? it def was for that night lmao
My tummy is sooo full. That was some good food to last for the remaining two hours of 2011. Now I shall just wait for 2012 to arrive.
Mhmmm okay that was a DAMN good movie....I wish there was more of a plot tho....like it was kindof str8 forward BUT still good
Bunn is a good goalie, but that was terrible keeping and even worse defending. Blackburn sadden me.
I didn't even know that today was the last day of the year. I'M SO UNPREPARED! Hahaha. I have a feeling 2012 will be good though. :]
That was superb play from Valencia down the right. Good finish from Berbatov too.
And that my friends was a good ass night. :)
Why Did I Sleep So Good? That Was The Best Sleep I Had In A Min.
That sausage roll was good, hehe:-)
That was a good jog. Productive day ahead. MUST end 2011 with Productivity to start with it.
That was good
Good match between Man. U. and Blackburn.  Was hoping for an underdog win, but doesn't look like that is going to happen.
The simple fact that I made it to dec. 31st means that January was a good year. all the other mess that happened in between is not relevant
"@StillDaSameTeTe: If i was bk home i swear i would b up to no good....."oh home can do that to you .happy new yrs eve
that was a good dinner!! perfect lalalafood + family = satisfieeed! happy 2012!!! :)
That was a good ass run
DAMN THAT WAS SO GOOD.
Downloading 90's rap that I forgot about. Nappy Roots - Awnaw was a good start.
Janurary of 2011 was hell for me.. I guess that was my headsup that it wasn't gonna be a good year, huh?
I was a lil tipsy last night off peach and coconut ciroc. That shit good.
that sleep was amazing, I feel good, guess I'll chill til work time |m3
Total remembering last year (2010) when we went to Derby for the weekend. That was so good! I love Derby.
That was good for me :)
Good god, I just realized that we go back to school tuesday </3 this break was so perfect though <3
Old Dominion will it back to the tourney, that was a good game against Missouri yesterday despite the loss
That food was soooooooo freakin good!!!!:)
Ngl, that carbonara was good.
That was a good dream :D
That thang was like swim good Saturday's in the winter.
When I have kids I know they are goin to be spoiled but in a good way.. is that even possible? lol It is cuz I was spoiled.. still am smh
Good morning people blessed to see another day that was unpromised hope everyone has a blessed and productive day
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
2005 was a pretty good year for me... so was 1996 and 2000 and 2007... but 2011 beat them all. Blew the doors off of 2010, that's for sure.
This fool was so lick orf she doesn't remember wednesday nor yday LMAO that's having a good time!
Drinking and playing dance central is not a good idea bc that liquor was just sloshing around made me nauseous still am
I've heard I tend to keep the negative & not the good. I didn't know I was like that but I need to change that.
My Mom Walked In My Room, And I'm Straight Slumped She Goes "Dang, Was The Party That Good?" -__________________-
fl0ssie_ aww thanks haha he was snoring last night so I decide that was a good name xmejB
Just took a nap ;) Gawd that was good! but wtf happened to my face? Oil blotting paper plss!
That food was so good, I'm still thinking about it! LOL good food is like good sex. U fantasize about it later... :)
RT"@debrinadebo: 2011. a year that was full of smile,tears,struggles,spirits,laughs,hopes,dreams,broken things,lies,truth,luck,faith,good or
2011 was a good year altogether, not the best, but good. And 2012, for what's in store that I'm aware of, you might be the best yet.
Officer: Do you smell that? Dofus: Yea I juay made a dookie. Officer: Eww. Dofus: Yea it was Good. Officer: Eww get him out of here.
that was a good one
That play last night was soo good, it was just like the book
Maybe 2012 could be like 2010. Now that was a good year! :3
K, that shit was so good
Oh Hell that apple pie was good!!! :D
And now that last beer I HAD to have doesn't feel like it was such a good idea...Concrete Work on Saturday morning :)
Just had a glass of milk & that shit was good & cold
GUYS DANCING TO MA BOY OMG THAT WAS SO CUTE & GAY IN A GOOD WAH
“@PrincessDee_xo that joke was lame. I'm good, how are you?” been gud! n i haven't quit my day job yet :) so my jokes can be lame!
That was a good shower
Lol I had a McDonalds breakfast. That shit was good tho.
>.< that coffee was so good but i dont even want this shit nomore
Father-in-law: "The good in 2011 was basically all the bad things that didn't happen." I can't really argue with that.
Good morning. I almost died 4x yesterday...was awaken by a coughing/choking fit that had me tears smh I'm over these cooties dammit
Boi'z say we gone Cadillac today that's good cause ah nigga was fucked up LAST night an got ah hang over
Good substitution, SAF already know that midfield was shamble in first half.
The only bad thing about the Sydney fireworks was it how short it was. It's usually twice as long as that. Good though, good start to 2012!
Literally just finished over  100 pages in my bo and finished it. Ahhh that was so good! onelesslone1f0
Holy cats that class was a hell of a humid one! Good work Balham Happy New Year to you all.
captmorgan42 Lmfao, wtf he do, he ate good and drink good tonight I bet he was talking about that foExd
This year had its moments indeed. It was good, it was sad, it was all around... Not that bad!! :) Happy new year to everyone! Cheers!
That iced coffee was tooooo good. My babe needs a promotion or something
2011 was good and bad year for me, I hope that 2012 will be a great year.
I just crushedddddd, that chicken biscut was good as shittt ..
Well that was a mightily disappointing first half wasn't it chaps. Do lets improve in the second period boys, jolly good.
Good morning, praises to He that made this beautiful day. 2011 was nice.
that was a good last smoke till nov 2012
2010 was bad 2011 was good now hope that 2012 be best please
I don't even eat at biscuitville but that was prettyy good :)
That was a good sleep
Fck man that ham and cheese was good
Now that I've said how good this year was, can I complain about how annoying it is to stay with my kids in a hotel room? Geez!
Well today started well. My son threw up on my face, which caused a chain reaction that was pretty grim. Good riddance to this year!!
.@ThatGUY_Kese -that's good(: and it was lovely
Damn that coffee was so good, I should've invested in a coffee maker a long time ago lol
Last new years was shit lurking around mumbles. I don't care where I am this year, I just know that I'll be wasted and having a good time.
Even if you had a good time, you think it was a bad year if only one thing goes bad. That's pity. should focus on the good time you had.
Good. Tell them it wasn't me. That one was convincing. But WE know it was *nudges her a bit* *wink*
JJ said that it was just acting between Jihye and him. They're good friends, that "that way" relationship! (lovers) XDDD
I know that God was in the Bible study last night. My whole perspective has changed & I am still drunk under the HOLY GHOST. Wow He's GOOD!
2012, Please be awesome. Because honestly, 2011 was not that good for me..
Forgot to tell ya all that it was fantastic at Regence Casino Mont Parnes Athens!A really good experience that learnt me a lot!
Ok ok ok.... My bday being on Christmas is def a plus!!! God is so good to me... That was just a ranese
Thanks for 2011, Time. It was good. Everyone that listened: thanks. 2012 is going to be short for us, but good.
That nap was good..im happy that I woke up at 7:30
I can honestly say 2011 was a year of lessons. I embraced those good & bad. That will shape me to be who I am walking.
2011 - it was good and bad ......how's that for reflective
that was some really good breakfast!!!!!!!
THAT WAS SO GOOD OMFG
THAT WAS SOOOOOOOO GOOD OMG
Just remembered that the sample for Jay-z "Blueprint2" was the joint from The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly"
That biscuit from hardees was too good.
The fact that I was allowed to wake up today gives me encouragement....good morning .. be humble, be blessed
Good morning,wishing all a Great day! 2011 was a interesting year and giving thanks that I was able to see each day. Looking forward to 2012
That shit was so good last night.
He said it was good, that everyone was very nice because they knew each other so well. ::sigh:: ::sobbing forever::
doesnt even make sense. aha. have a good one@hafizadinugraha: If 2011 was a lady... Then let's hope 2012 isn't one that's on a constant pms.
That darn Basie lol..that was a good one tho lmao
i hope 2012 is a good year and all that.. 2011 was shitty.
well since everyone thinks that 2011 was shit i thought it was quit good..
Now I'm actually sat watching Popeye on youtube & having a good old ponder...all that fighting was actually roid rage wasn't it?
may have got no sleep but damn that was awesome haha that when u know ur good bahahahah
Found another £5 to go with that £20 clearing out my cupboard was a good idea :)
That was a good one
How was that not a yellow for Bunn? Wasted a good thirty seconds that wasn't added on at the end
Good God, that was sarcasm.
That was good!
That breakfast was good as hell now I'm bout to sleep 
Well that wasnt very good was it?... Looking forward to the second half, and a change in personnel maybe?
That was some good sleep
Very good Nani, that was a great save!
I told her that we were good together...and I guess that shit stayed with her all while she was locked up
53PRA for Derrick Rose was great to see. More impressive is that he's got 2 good wins at the Staples early in the season.
I remember what i was doing on  12 am  on dec 31,2010.  that was not a good thing....i got some very harsh experiance for that...
Me: "that shower was fucking beautiful"  .JL: "don't say that word in front of me" .Setting good examples everywhere I go..
Just back from the Gold Coast 15 minutes before New Year... 6 days of straight themeparks.... damn that was good fun
Oh my fuck that lunch was so good.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, EVERYONE! Good riddance to the year that was, and good luck to the year ahead. BRING IT ON, 2012. I'M READY!
I dont like ufc or lesner but it sucks for that sport if hes really done. He was a good bad guy.
I don't get why people sit there and say that 20xx will be my year and wait for good things to happen only to say that the year was shit
2012, Please be awesome. Because honestly, 2011 was not that good for me </3
