I found my Itouch that I lost my freshmen year ... It has a passcode that I can't remember ): fml!
this is so freshmen year like
“@_TheMiles: Relationships in high school and freshmen year in college are figments of your imagination”
Freshmen year :) >> Sophomore year :( I cant wait to be a junior
I Was Just A Freshmen . . Now I'm Bout To Graduate Soon . . Time Flys Man.
you guys are sophomores... “@lisadauji: Myriah likes freshmen boys 0_o”
I remember their song "Rewind" was in everyone's phone my freshmen year in high school.
Freshmen year everything seems peachy but you see peoples true colors come out Sophomore year ... Just a thought
and we were merely freshmen<3
Angelica gonna say "I use to go to all parties freshmen year." Don't she know I went to ONE party that year.
Them Mcs Freshmen of 2012
when freshmen come to hahnville thinking they're the shit. Ha. Sit down with all that.
So who do Bowie freshmen play tmrw
"A friend with weed is a friend indeed." <- me freshmen year! lol
Tf they put in the gatorade now a days? I swear freshmen and sophomores be looking like whole juniors and seniors lbs.
“@carlywesticles: There's a few freshmen that I really love” note : FEW*******
Real talk, this same shit happened Freshmen year.
I haven't dyed my hair black since freshmen yearr.
It dead felt like yesterday I was a freshmen
I guess raving over freshmen makes you act like one.
freshmen year nobody would walk errrbody would jook to places
Our coach should be kickin' our freshmen around the practice field and teaching them how to play real football.
In a house full of freshmen......
I've been waiting on 2012 since freshmen yr. Yes I'm ready to graduate!
The freshmen in my classes are lame as fuck,
Freshmen these day thinking they could when a roasting battle
If he don't make 2012's XXL Freshmen...
smh ,high school just aint fun without  my C/O 11 seniors :/ . .Freshmen year> sophmore year .I'm gettin old :(
Will said i gotta nice butt. Ak gon say sumn yea now shuda saw freshmen yr, wasnt NUN lmao.
sorry, that was mean. there's a few freshmen that are important to me, but only a few.
Keeta nd these freshmen , smh lol
There's a few freshmen that I really love
10 freshmen at my house. good thing i have my BABY GIRL here with meeeee.
I fight with my baby brother every fucking day. But please, let me find out you're pickin' on him. I'll beat your fucking ass, freshmen.
And to think,im half way through my freshmen year...#winning
Wtf why are freshmen getting their septum pierced?! .____.
I kinda forgot that 2011 includes the 2nd semester of freshmen year..
Windward freshmen Mason Shepherd is gonna be a good one
Watching Blood Diamond and I really cant believe we watched this freshmen year.
freshmen are dumb as shit
My TL is all freshmen and sophomores right now
I miss Amanda from freshmen year. She was the funniest in art.
....females putting on that WOMAN WEIGHT after college....it's WAAAAAAAYYYYY WORSE THAN THE "FRESHMEN 15"....smh
Were watching home videos 4rm my freshmen year & ew I was so tan & I freaking looked like a Mexican w/ my hoop earrings & gelled curly hair!
`@VillainGang Cause thats the year I graduate! Yeah I'ma freshmen! Lol < 3`
Why do all these like freshmen and stuff try to act like they're like 23 years old? Enjoy your adolescence while you still have it.
`Ctfuu i see someee champ ass freshmen from gwynnpark
You say your more mature then me,hey asshole your a freshmen!
why is it always the freshmen? .-.
2013 is goin to be the best year ever  .Senior+Graduation = Freshmen in College divided by Partying & Studying times SuperBowl in the Dome©
Looking back on freshmen year, shit has changed so much. People you hate turned to people you love and people you love turned to people  ...
She right... Idk y I RT'd that, all my good friends now (minus a few) were cool freshmen year.
Today was my first time seeing slv play in person ! I just seen them on tv my freshmen year
New Song *Freshmen Year* out Tomorrow
“@I_AINTduh_PAPPI: “@gradeA_Approved: S/O 2d Hot Boys  y'all had us Freshmen thinking y'all well celebrities”Erbody fuckd us...”
“@gradeA_Approved: S/O 2d Hot Boys at HHS... y'all had us Freshmen thinking y'all well celebrities”Erbody fuckd us...
So now erin is hanging on noahs balls sack... It's a freshmen thing...
S/O 2d Hot Boys at HHS... y'all had us Freshmen thinking y'all well celebrities
In love with the Dhs freshmen boys, no big deal..
literally, crying about how cute this girl is <3 THE FRESHMEN DONT HATE THE SENIORS
I'm 16 As An Freshmen,17 As Sophomore,18 As Junior & 19 As Senior : Wow A Supper Senior, Ain't That Not Cool?
Best part of college = being a freshmen. Worst part of college since = freshmen.
Oh You grauduated... but your girl is a freshmen ? ... Oh no i see nothing wrong with that, only 1 little tiny thing... ITS ILLEGAL. smh
WOO DEADLINE FOR FRESHMEN APPLICATIONS TO BOSTON UNIVERSITY HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO JANUARY 3RD!!!!
ahh, i'm so so so so so excited. I haven't seen him since my freshmen year. plus, he's really cute!
you're a freshmen, I don't think you wanna fuck anything else up for yourself.
Omg say a guy in that I knew from freshmen year he looks cuter then heck
A lot of my followers at that party was so fucked up it wasn't funny... Freshmen drinking party I will always remember.
Stop ganging up on me! I'm just a freshmen :(
Facebook is full of the freshmen hoes. Its gross.
I haven't been in a relationship since Freshmen year. I don't think I know how?
Omg Nya has grown up sooo much since I first met her when she was a freshmen! Awww. :)
Watching the sickest documentary on the Army/Navy game right now. I had no idea the game determines the lives of incoming freshmen.
8th Graders Are At The Top Of The Food Chain But Once When Go To Freshmen Year, Were Gunna Be At The Bottom Of Food Chain.
I wanna be in touch with a 012 Freshmen Spartan so I can teach them all the routes and things I had to learn at MSU lol
spending NYEE in a place with chandeliers and The Verve Pipe's "Freshmen" playing... just as I'd assumed I'd be
Freshmen grew up tonight. That's a very, very good sign.
Daaamn Tha Old Homie From Freshmen Year Found Me On Fb :)
Some days I'm ready to be 18 and some I still wish I was back at freshmen year.
My yearbook from freshmen year is legit hilarious
Omg I just had flashbacks to freshmen year when I used to sneak out all the time
I remember when I use to come home during freshmen year, & Summer '10 we was in the club every weekend faithfully doing the damn thing! lol.
Freshmen this year <<<<<<< Freshmen last year
Just fired on that freshmen, I don't even care. Ignorant little ass kid.
This dude got all the freshmen friends
dah freshmen guyz diz year are kute lowkey thoe
Legit so much has changed since freshmen year... my wall is full of old friends. I don't know if thats good or bad.
Dont talk to half of the people I talked to freshmen year, Why? Half of them let high school change them for the worst.
Our school take pictures of wrestlin, football, soccer, even cross country. We got pictures for freshmen basketball, but not one for Varsity
Y'all, the freshmen basketball I just saw!! Kids making plays, keeping their cool. So much talent coming through the sgv soon.
i remember my freshmen year at Meade every time me & Tyra saw each other we always screamed each others name as loud as ever ! i miss that .
Who goes to a freshmen's party when you're a junior?
Jingle bells, Juniors smell, . Sophmores bore the day. . Seniors suck, what the fuck.  Freshmen all the wayyyyy
I'm still really proud of the freshmen that stepped in today at the game at the end!
It's always the same freshmen girls who comment on the older boys facebook status.
I live through words not metaphors, so I passed to be the rest of the freshmen, playful, tough talk, praise Allah for keeping me awake man!
KJ & Truck cannot be expected to play out of their minds every game. Freshmen must step up. And they will. Takes time. Patience, my friends
2011in3words basketball HOES freshmen
This nigga stay posting in the freshmen group !
Freshmen mistakes, these turnovers are unacceptable.
Found my romeo and juliet book from freshmen year :P lol good times
showing up to a freshmen party drunk. classyyy real classyyy
Kinda ready to start my first & lass semester of freshmen year#collegegirl
7 freshmen thats enough said.
all of the freshmen "parties" so far shouldn't even be called parties. they were more like family dinner get togethers. eat food and  talk
I swear the freshmen are just the goofiest grade
I fell in love for the first time my freshmen year...that bighead lil boy broke my heart -_- lls
Girls that are freshmen must not fuck with boys that are freshmen I never see them together
Iowa don't have nun but freshmen running backs
"i am a serafinian and a freshmen. i am funny, simple, and pretty. my favorite movies are twilight, StxMv
ohhhh i get it now. i remember when my friends i did that...like freshmen year.
I Was At The Park W/ My Laa Brother , && This Freshmen Ask For My Number I Told Him I Was Gay . I Was Cracking Up Laughing .
hey, freshmen RBs can't pass block for shit, who'd have guessed it?
I could careless if freshmen or upperclassmen don't like me. It honestly doesn't bother. E.
wish it was begining of freshmen year where everyone loved everyone an just wanted to have fun
Cazeri nice for a freshmen running back
I care about some of these freshmen... But honestly, just watch what you say and do...
I hope freshmen in college start realizing that they spitting game baby girl not love in 2012
Juice Box was my shit freshmen year.
My little sister dont like to be called a freshmen. Nigga thats wtf you are. Except it. Everybody has that time in their life.
I remember my freshmen year my brother shows me a video of Tiffany beating up some black girls Lmao
These high school freshmen need to grow up, they think they can hit up any girl they want and get their digits.
Grow up god you aren't a freshmen any more
I had an unhealthy obsession with the song "Way Back Into Love," from the movie Music and Lyrics during freshmen year.
Ever since my freshmen year I should charged ever person that questioned me abt getting a phone $5 & I bet by now I would have a phone lol
“@_SinFul_DeLight “@SheLuvLV_PPOA N the incoming freshmen of 09 at eiu>>>>> we had that bitch rocking!!!””
Two freshmen students and a faculty member were killed in car accidents in the last month. I'm seriously considering a bus pass. :(
Pme was deep af at rick we always was fighting them freshmen from nims ..
There are so many bad things that happened to me in middle school + freshmen year that turned me in to the fucking person I am today.
all ready to head back to da paul's finish out this freshmen year
Yes I can grow a beard. I'm already in the process of doing so. And yes freshmen can have facial hair.
Second off, i love my freshmen girls, but yall are stupid as fuck and cannot handle a kickback. Trust me.
first of all, fuck everyone who has said im one of the chillest freshmen. Yall lied to me.
House Speaker John Boehner and his "Tea Party" freshmen republicans have achieved a worse approval rating "9%" than the Pelosi led House.
freshmen year at csun >>>>>> i'll do tht year over in a heart beat
“@TheRealJDF3: Freshmen in high school need to stop acting like their lives are so dramatic.”you juniors are just so much better aren't yall
2012 is bout to be a good year for me... prom, graduation, and freshmen in college in august... proud of myself...
Freshmen in high school need to stop acting like their lives are so dramatic.
All the freshmen have twitters now. Like omggg annoying.
. first time since my freshmen year I been held to 4 pts.
Jay Brannan's version of "The Freshmen" is my absolute favorite song ever.
Hope I see some new faces next semester since almost half da freshmen class leaving .....
Mr Davis was right; all the people you hung out with your freshmen year wont be there your senior yea; sad truth
WENT TO ST IGNATIUS GAME...FRESHMEN JV AAANNNDDD VARSITY WON!!! TRIPLE HEADER
i'd rather be a freshmen though
About step to this club in line ima freshmen. When comes to clubs
Looking at pictures from freshmen year. Things were soo different
Pushin seniors into walls,bustin all the juniors balls,sophomores screamin holy shit!Cause 2013 runs this bitch. That was our freshmen poem!
it makes me happy to see that my MS girls and some of my girls that are now freshmen in HS aren't straying from God.
These freshmen need to step it up! Come on WVU! 
Im going to be a freshmen in college when im 24 years old lol
How dumb are USA teachers?  79% of the NYC CUNY College system students had to take Freshmen remedial Courses in English/Math.
Man freshmen year was one to remember
I just got videos of the popular freshmen boys all stripping.
"@Randyyyle: whats so wrong about being a freshmen?"EVERYTHING. lol. Jk. :p It's just how it is every year..
Smh these niqqas in 12 grade getting freshmen....Isnt there a term for that
Dad has finally agreed to let me marry chris jay out of army of freshmen yay!
Watching the Razorbacks. Ima miss not seeing them this summer. I always met the new freshmen players.
you a freshmen , & you a hoe
whats so wrong about being a freshmen?
Why all my brother friends think they can talk to me all of a sudden...YALL R FRESHMEN
shit...some of them are freshmen too.! LAWD when my class was in 9th grade...we aint act like that.!
bringing home a trophy good job freshmen dogs
The lack of freshmen/sophomore activity tomorrow night<<
Freshmen don't do science fair right ? right.
I love when freshmen brag about how they "party" all the time.
The freshmen at STA are legit. The sevies get on my nerves so much...*caugh* Connor Christenson *caugh*
these fucking freshmen on my timeline right now I can not deal
Freshmen enjoy ur first year cuz it don't get no better lol
We were just freshmen last year sooooooooooooo..........
Wait first off Malik is too young to be pledging. Freshmen not suppose to pledge.
I remember freshmen year when we use to skip together :^] you never left me hangin<3
im never gonna forget my freshmen year , that was the best year of school ever <3
Lmfao at this freshmen who keeps hitting my boyfriend uup
These freshmen literally imitate the girls in my grade it's pathetic
Wow really luke...i have had one since freshmen year......
Freshmen in high school were getting laid more than me this year..
Freshmen year was the BEST. EVERYBODY got along. We were bigger than Bad Boy lol. We were a fucking mafia, a big ass family.!
My cousin Alex who is I believe a Freshmen or Sophomore is almost taller than me. That's messed up. That shit makes me look bad.
They call freshmen "niners" on degrassi aha
i love them and all but the jenner girls are growing up far too fast. they look older than most freshmen in college.
I'm texting 3 freshmen ... somethings not right here lol
i wanna go back to summer session & freshmen year
my opinion on freshmen: you're only accepted by or cool to upperclassman if you're a whore, or if you have an older sibling who wasnt weird.
watching Grease reminds me of hOMecoming freshmen year
They haven't done this since my freshmen yr of college!!!
Check Satirday's paper for a story on Nanticoke's first Kiwanis title winner since 1985 and a story on the WVC's two freshmen phenoms.
gonna watch without limits to get in the beast mood so i can crush the spirits of lil sophomores and freshmen tomorrow
There are some really, really, really cocky freshmen
Sometimes I feel like I really should apologize to some kids. I started my freshmen year off ignorant.
Pledging as a freshmen... That baby has them hours !!!!
Freshmen arent supposed to pledge anyway
“@braceface2011: Jingle Bells , Juniors Smell , Seniors Go AWAAAYYY ! Sophomores SUCK , oh WHAT THE FUCK , FRESHMEN ALL THE WAAAYYY hell naw
My bestie calling me "roomie" is the best feelin in the world.. last time she said that was was freshmen year! :)
I really dont care bout going to these parties that was so freshmen year lol
My freshmen year of college = shy ass hell.
When freshmen in high school randomly add you and try talking to you on Facebook <<<<<<
I should probably clarify and say it was my youngest brother... Not the freshmen lol
there are a million college freshmen in my basement blasting the lonely island. help.
Bout to get off should check the bball tourney that fell off odie since my freshmen year
Dumb Freshmen Project.
Came to my freshmen brother Bernard house and taking shoots they get me everytime!
It Fell Like iWas Just A FreshMen Yesterday
I swear some freshmen I just want to punch in the face.
Had the same problem freshmen year
Why are all these freshmen on 40? You're gonna get shot
WOW what a blocked shot by Mikelson for Arkansas , freshman getting it done, has 1 blocked shot in each game only 3 freshmen in nation
Give Holt a break he is running a defense with 5 seniors(remember how bare the cupboard was when he got here), his 20 freshmen will improve!
freshmen 15 ain't no hoe.
oh yes ima tweet about you too... YOUR DATING A FRESHMEN??? THE FLYING FUCK. Your a senior.. stop with the lil kids hun.
Finished my 2, St. Ignatius won freshmen, JV big. Varsity 51  48 with 5min left St. Iggy up on McKinnley
omg im gonna piss myself! i found all my freshmen pics from when i use to dress like a "raver" ahahhahahahah
Freshmen is one of the best years of ur life
Freshmen... uh, yah won by a forfit so I cant say good game lol
Everyone says the class of 2014 sucks but think about it, 2015 is worse, those freshmen straight up scare me.
Now i know why everyone hates freshmen...#sorryimnotsorry
Back to freshmen year me
I love our freshmen!! So smart!!
Damn we were bumping that song freshmen year smh some people just can't let things go
I think its alright for a sophomore to talk to a freshmen but down rift nasty got a junior or senior to talk to a freshmen.
First of all the freshmen girls need to stop having sex and sleeping around and stop posting on Facebook on my news feed. U don't party slut
Fucking preppy JGHS Freshmen. That's 3 strikes.
not to be cocky or anything , but im smart af . i got al honors classes & biology freshmen year bitches (;
I miss freshmen year!
My mommy just wants to hear herself talk now  I already know all these things she care more now then when she drop me off for freshmen yr
Zach-"What's a freshmen?"
Looking back to freshmen year I was a bat outta hell, I'm glad I've toned it down a lot :)
Those freshmen that think there invincible<<<<<<<#shutup
I knew the alma mater to tsu by the end of my freshmen predrill...I still don't know the one to lovejoys...I know the first two words though
I'm Going To Italy In 3Months......Can't Wait,,Only Freshmen Going :(
lmao i would always listen to that song freshmen year.
Random thought: all the seniors that graduated my freshmen year all have babies crazzyyyyyy
The Word "Bodacious" Always Got Me Out Of Class Early My Freshmen Year
SHIT. I just realized, I didn't get to see my Freshmen Boyfriend Angelo :c </3
I Loved My Freshmen Day's Thing's Not The Same No More
Ah freshmen fridays, we meet again.
watched the freshmen last football game & we was killin
Looking through pictures from freshmen year......omg they're so funny.
Proud to say I tackled a kid who scored in the state championship, locked him down,Jk guarded him for 5 plays before the freshmen came in ha
Freshmen year was my funnest year
green apple jones soda. sums up freshmen year of highschool
Dnt get yo spot takin by a freshmen..
I wish I wouldn't have messed it up with a great girl freshmen year, idk for sure but I swear I loved that girl. She knows who she is
I still remember things that happened during freshmen year so clearly...sad times.
Fast Cars is playinggg! Freshmen year pre game in zee dorm
freshmen who still don't know how to walk in the hallway <
«@jamarcus_BMF Go back to queens grant you freshmen»
Smh this girl fresh and signed. She had potential to go bigger too, and she only a freshmen and got room to mature. Kinda feel bad for her..
Saw one of my favorite freshmen today :))
Go back to queens grant you freshmen
A lot of guys have recently turned into creepers...preying on freshmen girls *shivers*
I remember when I first moved to OK, everyday of my Freshmen and Sophomore year I didn't go a day without calling my mom
They always say Seth's career high is 22 like he didn't have multiple 30+ games @ Liberty his freshmen year
If we was droppin Bars we be on that  cover of XXL freshmen class 2012 lolshout out JGM on there "10 Brands To Keep An Eye On In 2012"RASTA
Austin rivers > any other college freshmen.
I should go sell all these Four Loko shirts from my dads work to freshmen and middle schoolers so they think theyre cool and I make $$$$$
Freshmen year was the best
Freshmen year >
then there are those sophmores who still yell out freshmen while passing us in the halls but half of them that do it have freshmen classes
the sluttest thing i ever did was hook up with robbie lewis at my bday party freshmen year
Freshmen compared too freshmen college -___- never will i talk top someone that much younger than me
When freshmen & sophomores say they can't wait for college. I wanna slap them. It's not easy figuring out what to major in & where to go.
the only freshmen I like being around that doesn't annoy me is koryona, jean, and breanna
Freshmen year I was a size 3... This is absurd
The first Time I saw a female dunk was my freshmen year in High school watching our Varsity girls get their ass whooped by Whiteville
Duke University new freshmen 2014!!!
I haven't seen this much coogi and rocawear on people's bodies since..... My freshmen year at Norcom.
Hey i mean im not the same dana from freshmen sophmore year i dont wear a size 1 or 3 anymore
"@D1RTYMON3Y: and another heard about the "freshmen 50" lol"GGGGDDDDAAAAMMMMNNNN 50 DOE?
All the freshmen outttttttttt
Is it just me or are some of the freshmen this year starved for attention, & a bit pathetic? Not all, just some. I know we weren't that bad.
Not even freshmen
Omg High School has FLEW BY! Omg it seem like just yesterday I was a freshmen, now In 5 months I'm graduating :)
I kinda feel bad for the people who are gonna be freshmen next yeaar...
Aye our Freshmen boys is killin these 3's !
I don't like being a freshmen. I'm a freshchild.
I wonder which freshmen aren't coming back this semester...
Of course, somehow, of the six healthy Gators, 75 are freshmen. Don't ask me how.
FSU men are losing to Princeton 23-7 with five minutes left in first half? Are they starting four true freshmen O-lineman too? Yikes!
ive just become a little immune to them since ive been taking them since freshmen year cause of my shoulder
This has been a short and exciting year! Graduated from High school, freshmen college student and some other stuff that I can't say. Lolz!
The freshmen crew!!!#mybestfriendsof2011
Ha. This sucks. Freshmen suck too. Just a reminder.
no one likes freshmen my sister say
So since freshmen year theres been a rumor that I've gotten an "Abortion" lmbo riiight cause I'm still a virgin idiots.
When I think of freshmen, I think of cooties. I don't want them, or want to be around them.
cutest freshmen boys playing basketball in front of my house. i feel like a creep.
Most of the freshmen girls are the FASTEST.
and another heard about the "freshmen 50" lol
-2012: *June 6=Graduation *August 26=18th Birthday *Fall 2012=Freshmen In College
I think its funny when freshmen talk about middle schoolers like they are so much older then them
Edwards 3 on one end, block by Copes on the other. I like our Freshmen.
New goal: teach some random freshmen my ways.
I'm deffo not ready to go back to school, especially considering that I'll more than likely be stuck in my 1st block w/ a bunch of freshmen.
I wanna know why jeezy is screamin "str-8 like dat" all over this TM103 album though? That saying came AND went my freshmen year, bruh.
Watch all the freshmen now be bad as shit there jr or senior year lol -_-
Seniors who date freshmen <
Austin needs to bust open for 40pts tonight, a statement game, I've heard enough about the UK freshmen.
Omg! This one chick in my catechism class drives! I straight thought she was like a freshmen! :p
“@princessajadee i hate freshmen, they're so freaking messy!” lol you finna be a freshman next year.
I haven't bought a pair of jeans dat weren't Trues since Freshmen yr..
yes you do have more followers than me, but last time I checked I was a freshmen
That's what I love about these college freshmen boys, man. I get older and they stay the same age.
Just to think..the next time i lace up my boots ill be teaching 8 to 5 to freshmen as a junior.
North freshmen won 41-16!! Way to go Cougars!!! JV is up 40-19 w/ 2 min left.
State looks like its the first game of the year and is starting all freshmen. WAKE UP AND PLAY!
Ive gained six pounds since my freshmen year.
FUCK THE SENIORS, FRESHMEN,AND SOPHMORES
ASAP/Hopsin - FreshMEN of da year off tops
It happened to me freshmen year.
Austin Rivers <<<<<3!!! freshmen of the year!
My Freshmen Year Was The WORST Year Of My Life.
The pissed moment when your upperclassman ex likes a status about freshmen sluts.
Woah that's kinda true thanks to my freshmen year my break up list kinda jammin lol
Rite but now...."@occupied_Retros: My freshmen year bro I don't thinly it was a ugly girl at carter honestly"
If I had dat mine set, if we dont win, I dont eat.......freshmen year football, I would of died of hunger, we ain't win shit
YO LETS GET FUCKED UP ON NEW YEARS, I'M A FRESHMEN AND I HAVE TOO MANY PROBLEMS IN LIFE TO COPE, I'M GONNA DRINK 3 BEERS!
HE said i look like a lil college freshmen
If I was driving my freshmen year I prolly woulda had a 3 year old rite now
Practice times for tomorrow:  freshmen 8-10am in small gym, soph 10-12 in small gym, varsity 8-10am in main gym.
My Freshmen Class <<<<<
These upperclassmen be tryna go in on freshmen girls... shit sad
My freshmen year bro I don't thinly it was a ugly girl at carter honestly
I mean you were sexy when I was a freshmen in high school. But, 5 years, 4 kids, and 3 baby daddys later... Your beyond done.
White will likely start for Iowa, but look for freshmen Jordan Canzeri and Damon Bullock to get a lot of snaps, as well.
Halftime freshmen North up16-9. JV North up 21-15.
Over/Under HB dives with 180 pound freshmen running backs on 3rd down? Set at 10.
Well our freshmen basketball got beat, by Lebanon we have one player thinks he is great he only no's how to play streetball
he said I could get mine freshmen year, mhmm (;
so much shit has changed since my freshmen year ..
Jv betta pull this one off... our freshmen loss.
Middle schoolers and freshmen at a big ass dance party with no alcohol?? Thats a shame.
4 More Dayss & School Starts ^-^  .Daum One Semester Of Freshmen Year Gone Already :o
I hate my grade ): “@CrazyyCakes: Y the fuck are freshmen annoying....”
I'm a freshmen in college, and I'm about to have a sleepover with a 7th grader.
Your a senior dating a freshmen ?? O_o
That's up to 24 now right? or idek..but we're in my freshmen year of highschool.
Ohh I'm bout to take y'all on a trip down memory lane..... Freshmen yr VSU 07-08
Two are 8th graders, & one is a freshmen.. Remember, it's okay for me to date 8th grade & up because I'm supposed to be in 8th as well.
When freshmen get tough and say they grown <<<
Your accent has NOTHING on hers lmaooo "@CzarVtech: Thank the higher power for making me take typing class freshmen year... Ms Desire..."
When people are like ew freshmen are annoying when they're only sophomores. -__-
When my mom says " freshmen and seniors shuldnt go out" I ask her "how many yrs were u and dad apart in age" she says "4" I say exactly !
Allen placed 8th awesome showing for a freshmen. Arthur places 7th
only a freshmen in highschool . .
Excited to see my RU Freshmen peeps <3
My mother really thinks I will gain the freshmen 15. It's not gonna happen! I refuse!
I've changed a lot from freshmen year....A LOT
Damn freshmen. They're nothing but trouble.
its alotta pretty freshmen at ASU . thas just my opinion tho!
Mall with my favorite freshmen :)
The fact that no one likes freshmen is something that will never change.
Just a heads up middle schoolers & freshmen are going to lights out. Careful who you hook up with!
I feel like ever since we became freshmen everyone acts like they just found out what everything is and try too hard..
I think we should treat the upcoming freshmen like the seniors do in dazed and confused.
“@Ry_Simoneau: .... This is what happens when you Fuck with freshmen”
.... This is what happens when you Fuck with freshmen
Had so much fun there mah Freshmen Year!
Bagging at cub with freshmen yay
Well no freshmen at kenwood
Jingle bells Sophomores smell Seniors go away Juniors suck what the f**k Freshmen all the way! (:
Man, the clash was all i wanted to listen to in my freshmen year..... lol
