Going to cinema 1st~
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, palmer r u ready?
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, erinn ruesch r u ready?
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, wilbur gero r u ready?
Going to the cinema with my friends)L them)
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, irvin hohenbrink r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, marlon r u ready?
Going to Cinema City to watch Sherlock Holmes....again!!!!!
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, curt r u ready?
laurenburgess Aw thats cool and going to Pizza Hut and the cinema for a friends birthday:-) xx
Going to the cinema with your boyfriend and thinking 'Simple but effective.'
Going to see The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo; drinking beer in the cinema parking garage like I'm 17 again. :)
Not going to see any other films at the cinema this year. Going to tweet best films I saw per month, just like last year. Plus the worst now
If they play Cinema at midnight i'm just going to die. Like just die. Dead.
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, hildred r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, lavinia r u ready?
who's going to be decent and join me on a trip to the cinema to see my uncle.. GOON?!
Please stop with the 3D movies it is putting me off going to the cinema
Looking forward to going back through my journal tomorrow and trying to remember the best film I saw at the cinema in 2011.
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, milton r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, alessandra murillo r u ready?
Shit yeah, going to see fuckin' Two Door Cinema Club aren't I!
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, kirk r u ready?
While my class is going to the cinema tomorrow and having a nice innocent lunch together, I'm gonna have sick night bitchees!! WHA HA HA3
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, hosea r u ready?
Going to the cinema with Ela tomorrow to watch Happy Feet 2 in 3D (I'm so excited) then off to Hannah's in the evening :)
Taking the little ones to the cinema. They are going back to florida tomorrow :(
Going to the cinema with Kidou and Fudou to see "Happy Feet 2"!
Going to the cinema with Steven Allen <
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, ernestina r u ready?
Feeling very middle class after buying John Lewis furniture and going to independent cinema
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, ellis arnell r u ready?
hi everyone going to the cinema tomorrow cant wait with friends
am I the only person who thinks going to the cinema on a first date is pretty weird and awkward?
I just got out of the cinema and there's a gym right here, and I SO want to start going to the gym but I'll start working so I can't :(
Actually correction I'm going to the cinema with my family then playing cluedo, yeeeesssssssssssss
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, rosemarie huser r u ready?
Going to the cinema;)
Ahh ahan that gbagaun bout "going to the cinema to see a moving" is still trending?!!
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, jenine frasher r u ready?
Actually going to the cinema to see Sherlock Holmes
im going to the cinema tomorrow night for nye. because im a moody fuck, im going to do my hair in beehive and piss off everyone behind me.
Just back from the cinema with Killian, I ate so much popcorn I think I'm going to die
Going to the cinema now to watch this "New Year's Eve" shite. Going into it with low expectations so I know its gonna be shite. Shite film.
i am going to invite him to the cinema...
Had such a nice day todayshopping going to the cinema, shopping even more... :)
on the plus side I am going to the cinema to watch New Years Eve.. Its funny cause it fits the occasion :)
Going up and down like a seasaw should have just taken her to the cinema to see saw
6yo going on all day bout the "house man". Finally asked her who she meant. She said "The one at the cinema"... we'd been to Sherlock HOLMES
going to the cinema with my cheeseball of a friend tomorrow. then new years eve PARTAAY! :{D
going to the cinema on new years eve, crazyyy
I don't class going to the cinema a date tbh
*i dodge dat bullet* #@TimaKorii: I am going to d cinema to see a moving"
going to cinema at night > going in the day
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, anderson r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, rashad lakowski r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, wendy miskovich r u ready?
Had a good night at the cinema:D now going to watch eyeswideopen!<3
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, neely heathcock r u ready?
WTF!...gat to be kiddin"@Chuxxx47:GBAGAUNoftheweek..Am going 2 d cinema to see a moving.."
Everyone got a party tomorrow night' all am doing I going to the cinema at 4.. Then I'll stay up with gran papa mum dad.. Woo fun.
GBAGAUNoftheweek..Am going 2 d cinema to see a moving..
Just seen new mission impossible film, actually loved it! Was even worth going to the cinema for..
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, avery r u ready?
Going to be brave morro and wear colourful patterned leggings to the cinema !
When I'm at the cinema I always say that I'm going to see half of the movies in the adverts, I never do :(
cinema tomorrow...going to see Puss in Boots....im so very excited :')
Well the past week wasnt how i expected it to be but hopefully going to the cinema wiv maariyah and her lil sister will do the trick x
Bf bought me the shoes I wanted  Now going cinema to watch New years eve :)
Cheesy nachos. Nutella crêpes. Oh, I do love going to the cinema.
So i told my family i want to go to the cinema on my own. They told me they're going to put me on suicide watch .
Going cinema! excited to get a big slush and turn my tongue blue!
Aye so my dad just goes. "were going to the cinema. You've got tasks to do" so I've to tidy my room and that's it.
Cinema ad of the month - Pirates Against Piracy. Such a refreshing idea compared to its shouty 'you're going to jail' predecessors
maybe going to the cinema with sandra tomorrow :)
I went round a friends house for tea and now I'm going to the cinema with my sister. I hope we get picknmix. Am 12 yrs old?
Okay back from cinema and i have a headache.. My head is going to explode :D but i want to say 3 things:
all I'm doing tomorrow is going to the cinema. boo.
Change of plan. Now not going to watch 'Sherlock Holmes' at cinema.
Going to the cinema. I don't know what the film's about, I just know Zac Efron is in it..:)
Going to cinema
Me and tonia are in the cinema, scared to go out because apparently there stuff going on in town, someone fill us in?!?
At the cinema going to watch Sherlock homes. Glad to be away from the kids
When you see 10-12 year olds with iphones why!? what they gonna use it? Yes i'm going to email you to let you t time for the cinema
and ended up going to the cinema and saw New years eve :)
going to watch sherlock homes at the cinema with the fam, ha lol
admit it once in ur life you've been at the cinema needing to pee but u cba going
Going to the Cinema with Catt and her friends:').
Feel like going to d movies...buh no cinema in benin...{Sad face}
“@SavYourDad_: I aint been cinema in ages. omg. who wants to come with me next weds?? i have two 2for1” we're going.  Have 241? Aswell
Love it when you could use your time productively, but going to the cinema and facebook are more appealing that a mountain of revision
This is so fucking awkward. & my brother isn't helping. Never going to the cinema with family ever again.
My dad told me and my lil bro were going to the cinema yeahhh Gotta goooo!!!
This is the first boy I have ever met of Grindr. I feel like a slag but it's not like that we're only going to the cinema.
Trying to figure out whats the move for tonight.  I'm either going to Jazz kitchen or Cinema Grill tonight if not both
Going to the cinema to see the bird wae the shite tattoo or something
If any of you are going the cinema and don't know what to c I can recommend the new Sherlock Holmes film it is very enjoyable!!
Not going to the cinema anymore :/
Thinking of going to see the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo as tonight is really my last opertunity to visit the cinema for a while.
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, jennifer applewhite r u ready?
NYE Tomorrow @ Cinema Public House! Sold Out!! Going to be bumpin! Hotel Pre-Party @ the Fairmont! Msg me for info!
All ready, going to the cinema.;-)
Going to the cinema later with my mama to see New Years Eve. :)
Everybody's going out and getting drunk tomorrow and i'm going to the cinema with my boyfriend :)
Going to cinema to watch Mission Impossible 4!:D
was supposed to do some coursework while the husband took the youngest to the cinema, ended up going shopping with the eldest !
I was jealous that Yas is going to the cinema with her boyf but then I remembered it was Cuntwell and would defo rather be sat in alone
Going to the cinema with emma and she got the times wrong ... Only could happen to us ! Xxx hahaha
Going to the cinema with my lil' Sis tonight. 'MI - Ghost Protocol'. Saw Sherlock Holmes on Wed with Beth. Very enjoyable :)
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, addie cheffer r u ready?
Going to the cinema feels like days ago!
Going to the cinema tonight. Anything good on? Marilyn? WE? Opinions?
OK going to the cinema to watch a shit film with the family okay bye then this will be great
Going to the cinema is always best when you go when its dark outside
I love going to my cousins house, we always get to do things we don't usually do, like going to the cinema and eating dessert
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, noel r u ready?
Going to the cinema tonight for the first time in absolutely ages!
I'm going to Secret Cinema!
Going to the cinema with semi dry hair, mmmm
Oh noooo Pirhana 3DD is going straight to DVD. I was so looking forward to going to see that at the cinema!
Looking forward to going to the cinema with my dad tonight
Cinema 4D is taking the piss to install, been going for about an hour now.
tomorrow going to the cinema. Sherlooooock ;))) woohoo
Everyone is getting pissed tomorrow, i'm just going to cook a meal with my boyfriend and go to the cinema, :-)
Went to watch happy feet 2 with my ma and some chad walked to his seat like a badman. At the cinema. Going to watch happy feet 2. Really?
going to the cinema twice in one day this isn't good im going to get square eyes :s
Going to cinema 2c Girl with Dragon tattoo- 2hrs 40 min reckon I'll fall asleep however good or bad it is
Going to see puss in boots at the cinema soon because I am mature and my life is fab
Going to the Cinema with Mama?!...naaaaah!
Going to watch Alvin and the Chipmunk in cinema lool
Crash-testing my new fur coat to the cinema with mother, going to gorge on popcorn :D
So, I overcame the social hurdle of going to the cinema on my own, and went to watch The Artist. Got there, not showing it.
well, I'm leaving, coffee, jane eyre on cinema & probably going to my friends house afterward, I'll see you later :)
Oh mom told me were going to cinema :o WOMEN HOW COMES THAT YOU ARE NICE NOW TO ME AND WHY MAKE YOU JOKES WITH ME TO MAKE ME LAUGH?!
Going to the cinema, again. Gotta love my unlimited card
Going to the cinema later to finish off the day.
Going to cinema xo
This is why I love going to the cinema. People's reaction around you is priceless.
going to be that annoying person in the cinema tonight, who doesnt stop coughing weee
I'm going to try and go to the cinema at least once a month. There was a time, years back when I went once a week. Didn't go often this year
going to the cinema in my babygrow
Me and Killian are going to the cinema but the only movies on are Twilight or Alvin and the Chipmunks.......
I think I should just accept that I'm not going to see any more films in the cinema this year.
Been shopping all day now I am going to get my dinner and I'm going to the cinema later:D
I was looking forward to going to the cinema tonight but everyone has bailed on me. What to do???
Finished work early :) now in Nando's :) going to see New Years Eve at the cinema later. :(
Going to the cinema tonight to see new years eve :-)
my mum and dad are such cuties going on a date to the brown cow and the cinema
In the cinema with the family watching sherlock holmes, safe to say i dont have a clue ehatd going on
Going cinema to watch Sherlock Holmes later, anyone seen it?
going to see new years eve at the cinema tonight is it good?x
My Step-Dad's going to watch Mission Impossible by himself at the cinema. Aww hahaha.
going to see 'new year's eve' at the cinema tonight with friends, is it any good?
we were going to go the cinema, but now we don't need to, wheyy
Going to see Sherlock Holmes at the cinema. Not sure if I should have low expectations.
Going to the cinema :D
>> cinema time . .Going to see twilight
Going westfield cinema later on to watch mission impossible... Should be good (Y)
going cinema with my dad. love having to pay for nothing
I was going to the cinema this week.. but, well, the guy I was going with doesn't call me back after I called him about 30840384 times.
Think 4 hours constant revision is enough for today.. So going to the cinema with my brother :)
Going to the cinema with some friends! xx
As it seems I'm not going to the cinema.
Going to the cinema in my slippers. Sherlock or that dragon tattoo girl?
I'd love to be going to the cinema tonight or something someone come naas
About to complete my lovely afternoon by going to the cinema, although I'm not sure The Girl with the etc will be lovely
Laters all, I'm going to the cinema..... *walks to cinema*......
Love going to the cinema! :D
Got Nero tickets and my Two Door Cinema Club shirt came today ready for the gig, 2012's going to be a good one!
Its official. I'm that guy people feel sorry for cause he's shopping alone. I'll be going to the cinema alone next.
Going to the cinema tonight to see NYE :)
Going to cinema with the boy and his family to see the new Sherlock film tonight, any good?
Going to the cinema and then Elvis Jackson gig :)
going cinema to watch mission impossible. better b good
I'm going to the cinema. I'll be back after. :) xx
Just remembered I'm going to see two door cinema club again soon aaah
going to watch sherlock in the cinema :)
Suddenly going to cinema with friend
So bored of british weather, trying to bribe my mum into going to the cinema and restaurant after ;)
Straight to bed after work again. I'm not going to make it to the cinema again. Hopefully better tomorrow.
going to the cinema
Going cinema soon to see new year's eve!;D
FB We are going to the cinema now
so excited ment to be going to the cinema tonight within big brother think in going to see Alvin and the chipmunks chipwrecked yay!
Should be going to the cinema tomorrow, should be good .. :)
Do not like going cinema with my nan, she tells people to shh really loudly and it's embarrassing. And my mum argues with people. Fml.
I was looking forward to going again with the lads. First one of the funnest cinema experiences I've ever had.
Going to the cinema :/ I hate egyptian movies! Ugh -_-
all I know is that I'm seeing two door cinema club live next year so yep, 2012 is going to be amazing
thinking about going to the cinema tonight. if i get stuff done. am soon going to tell myself i've been good.
Soon going to the cinema and watching New Year's Eve :))
going to the cinema this evening. can't remember the last time i went!
Just read the Piranha 3DD is now going straight to DVD... Thats no fun! I'm sure it'll be a blast with the right cinema crowd.
About to have my brain fried by Puss in Boots... Sorcha and Niamh are not going to get a peaceful second in the cinema.
going to townn and cinema with my mumze :)
awww my little sister was supposed to be going to the cinema earlier WITH A BOY but they missed the film so they're coming back here aww
Anyway, gotta run soon. Going to have pizza with a friend, then with him to the cinema to see "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy". Excited! XD
going to the cinema with my cuties. *
Relaxing after work before going to the cinema
Going to the cinema with a friend :)
“@rianyon92: Whatever happened to the days of going cinema,going bowling/iceskating,going out to EAT!!!" Ppl got lazy, bored and tight
Its a cinema called Price Charles, not going to Prince Charles' house, where he has a cinema, to watch a movie. What a day that would be!
Why aren't people going to the cinema?? Because it is way too expensive!!!
Going to the cinema
I'm going to see "New Year's Eve"(with Alyssa Milano) at cinema in 2 hours!!!
Hey Tweeple not sure what's going with all the random photos being tweeted? Just at the Cinema to see the new MI Movie!
Anyone going to the cinema this weekend? What will you last film/s of 2011 be?
Going cinema laterrrr, but I don't know what to watchhhh :/
Plus side is that I'm going to the cinema to see Sherlock tonight
going to the cinema with my mum :) xx
Realised I've missed out on lots of good films as I don't like going to the cinema alone. Must bite the bullet and change that next year.
On my way to the cinema. (: Going to be an interesting evening, i think
Whatever happened to the days of going cinema,going bowling/iceskating,going out to EAT!!!2012...I'm bringing it BACK!!!!! :D
Ok time to get changed out mu pjs. Going to the cinema with mum soon :)
Y'know, in some cultures, going to the cinema on your own, during the day, while on holiday, is considered 'cool', noble and brave.
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, demetrice levinson r u ready?
I never got to see Harry Potter and the deathly hallows part 2 at the cinema so I'm going to watch it on my tod now :)
Thinking of going to the cinema tonight hmmm 
getting excited for nye but remembering there are going to be little kids there. but my aunty has a cinema in her loft so i guess i'll be ok
Boring day, tonigt going to the cinema!! X
Going to watch Hugo at the cinema, is it any good?
Going to the cinema to watch a film... Obviously
I was gonna take my niece to the cinema today, but I decided as soon I as I get home I'm going to bed.. Revitalise myself for tonights fun
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, dale meringolo r u ready?
Okay, I'm going to read now and then I'll be off to the cinema! Woo!
Going to the Cinema with Kev and Niggas. New Year's Eve better be a good movie or ima sue yo asses for not answering me.
I love going to the cinema. (:
Going cinema to MI4 looks good
Shopping trip was a bit of a nightmare and it's now lashing with rain. Going to go hide in the cinema for the rest of the afternoon.
Going to the cinema later, hopefully they will have a SWATH poster.
Going Cinema to see sherlock holmes :)
Going to the cinema!! Yeah man!! :DD
Going to watch Sherlock Holmes at the cinema with mother and grandma tonight gr8.
Going to the cinema 2 watch NEW YEAR'S EVE :)
Two Door Cinema Club, Metronomy and Tribes... GOING TO THAT
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, rolando r u ready?
Wouldn't mind going to the cinema tonight. :/
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, salome leman r u ready?
Dont mind watching 3 movies in a row, going to the cinema is my favourite time-pass!
OMG I'M GOING TO THE CINEMA TONIGHT AND I JUST FOUND A FREE CINEMA TICKET IN MY HOUSE YAS TY TY TY
Gonna be my first time going to the cinema in westfields today :$
Going to the cinema
Going to the cinema. What film will I see? I don't know.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, mara koestner r u ready?
I have to bring my brother and his friend to the cinema to see puss in boots, I just know im going to see about 3987 chavs from my school
Going to the cinema, any good suggestions?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, andrew r u ready?
Would anyone be up for going to the cinema today? Sherlock Holmes perhaps?
I'm going with my friends to the cinema))hope it will be great)Love you)
Going to see alvin and the chipmunks 3 in the cinema:')xo
going to watch 50/50 in cinema now! excited :))
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, joyce r u ready?
Going to the cinema with my babess today so won't be on much- byee twitterrr
Cinema today :) going to see Sherlock Holmes
Going to the cinema to watch Puss In Boots with the family:):)
Going cinema today to see "Sherlock Holmes".. Love a bit of Jude & Robert connection..
Going to the cinema and uhm. Stuff lol. Be back later loves x - Marrit
Gd day so far went to the cinema now going to Southampton to see saints Fc play :)
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, bradley manylath r u ready?
Going To Bwadi Mall Cinema ><
YeiiH x'D i'm just going to the cinema today :DD
Going to the cinema tonight :)<3
Why did I even think about going to the cinema with my parents
Going to the cinema soon!:p
Back from lunch with my 2 best friends from high school. On my way to grandparens' house & then going to cinema: Sherlock Holmes times, yay!
I'm going to watch " Sherlock Holmes A Game Of Shadows " on cinema .. ♣
Going to the cinema now, better make sure my phones on silent this time!
Am I going to the cinema or am I not?
Omg, why does Villaggio Cinema even have a phone if they're NEVER GOING TO ANSWER!?
Going to cinema with my best friend watching "Happy New Year" today
We decided to go to the movies at 2:30 and it starts at 3, couldn't risk going to BCC and get stuck in parking so shitty seef mall cinema.
Going to the cinema to watch Arthur Christmas with my family after 2 hours. :)
what's crackin' ? ;) heey what time is we going to thee cinema + what film is we gonna see babygee <3 xo
Its the traditional cinema trip between christmas and new years with parents time. We're going to see Sherlock Holmes.
Having lunch at Maki .. Then going to cinema .. Indian movie "don 2" ;)
Is it odd for a bunch of teenagers going to the cinema to see puss in boots?
I'm off to the cinema this afternoon - going to see Sherlock Holmes 2 :-)
Going to cinema later, uncle & dad want to see mission impossible 3, I want to see Hugo. My brother doesn't want to see anything
Mollie and Ellie are going to cinema, so i'm going to get my mum to take me make up shopping! :p
Can't believe I'm going to see MI4 more than a week after it's out :(  cinema hall will be empty naw :(
Going to the Vue Cinema today to see Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol! :-) xxxxx
going to the cinema today but i donno  what to see? :s
Going to Cinema Square! I hope the muslims won't recognize my face. I might get killed or something lol.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, aldo bekius r u ready?
Going to dunf with the maw then to the cinema, goood day ahead
My sis went cinema yday has gone AGAIN this morning and is going to a sleep over later im sorry when did 10yr olds get social lives!?
Today I am having a cinema day starting with MI4 & then The Girl with the dragon tatoo I'd have gone to sherlock but we going tomorrow :-)
cinema today with tilly, have no idea what we are going to see..
meadowhall is going to be fun. NOT. shopping+nandos+cinema+poker.
going to have a shower now and heading to the cinema with a friend later :)
Off to the cinema this afternoon with Stu, going to see "New Years Eve" anybody seen it? Sounds like a good chick flick. Will let you know.
In betweeners film last night was no more than ok , it's a boy thing I think .. Going to cinema tomorrow - any recommends ?
Going to the cinema, again, but with amazing people!
Going to town now then cinema yay ^_^
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, jann christopherse r u ready?
Ok no, going to cinema actually.
When I was my sisters age- going in town or going to the cinema was the highlight of my holiday
I'm going to the cinema this afternoon. To see a fucking kid's film. The holiday season can be the worst time for films.
Going to the cinema with Rachael today :)))
Going to cinema in less than 3 hours, ffs.
Feeling like poop.. But we're celebrating for my dads birthday today. Going to a steak house and then cinema I think. :3
Going to the cinema on diarrhoea day...
Going to the cinema today with Kate,don't bring ur friends:D haha just joking;)
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, rogelio pfleider r u ready?
I'm going to the cinema with a good friend and then I'm going to train and what do you do? x dmi
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, andrea dunmore r u ready?
Going to the cinema today to see sherlock holmes x
Going to see an Aussie preview screening of The Muppets, on New Years Day, at moonlight cinema. Sweet.
"I'm going to burn down the cinema on Nazi night."
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, ted r u ready?
Just about to have a shower then going shopping and cinema.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, judson warrix r u ready?
Morning x going 2 the cinema today 2 see the flim me and my bff were MEANT to see (Happy feet 2) :L
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, jeremy r u ready?
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, kristel r u ready?
So hopefully am going to the cinema later!
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, fritz stoffey r u ready?
eishhhh!!!! "@TimaKorii: I am going to d cinema to see a moving"
Stop teasing the maknae now! he's practicing to be Snape! going to fight with HOPotter of course! 2PM POTTER live in your nearest cinema! ^^
Missing going to cinema ='(
going out to watch movie later. seems like Wednesday is the only week day that i didn't go to the cinema.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, porter r u ready?
2012 is going to be a great year for cinema.
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, lionel r u ready?
Going to watch cinema tom or maybe tonight. :D
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, rodger gadsen r u ready?
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, ty domenech r u ready?
Oof, neck feels really tight & cranky. Going to Moonlight Cinema tonight, should be interesting :S
If you're going to PAY to go to the cinema: 1. Shut the fuck up, 2. Don't bring your kids to an R, 3. Shut the fuck up.
At the cinema grill. Going to watch 'Tower Heist'
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, rudy almquist r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, roderick r u ready?
Going to cinema! :)
Seriously going to sleep now! Last song of the night, Undercover Martyn - 2 Door Cinema Club. "She spoke words that would melt in your hand"
going to the movie cinema tomorrow , where you lounge in the chair & they feed you .. aldnqofjwodn , can't wait ^.^
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, roxann r u ready?
Going to play my Sims perfect life cause mom decided to ignore the fact that I had a free ticket to the cinema & I wanted to go with her :(
Going to pick up post-cinema Piola pizza. Seems perverse on all you can eat gnocchi day but I'll catch that on the 29th of another month.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, anton r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, mohammad r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, gwyneth r u ready?
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, audrey r u ready?
what cinema are we going to? the one located on my penis
My sister has more money than I do. I should stop going to the cinema.
i love lies more than crunchy nut, going to the cinema, the seaside and slow clapping put together
Had a good night tonight and going to the cinema tomorrow with the sis and the buds :) yayyyyyy
going to the cinema tomorrow yay. omg i havent eaten popcorn like for months wth. D:
then I should be going to the cinema with my boyfriend! :D
Going to the cinema today with my sister
I need to go to sleep going cinema tomorrow woooy
Hope my dad's in a good mood tomorrow wamt to get my L plates and go out before going to the cinema :)
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, garret r u ready?
Going to see New Years Eve at the cinema tomoz!  (later today)
going to cinema to watch happy feet 2 with millie, eleanor, teegan,amelia,lucy,hannah xxxx
Love going to the cinema.
Going to the cinema with my friend tonight to watch Hugo :) anyone seen it? Good?
Went bromley today to look for a new years outfit didn't find anything and ended up going cinema
Laughing like crazy at the cinema x) people is going to kick me out of here lol
like how everyones going to the cinema next week and I never even got invited.. lol, oh well I hate the cinema.
Right, bed time I think. I totally have an IKEA desk to construct tomorrow…! (Also plan on going to the cinema if hubz feels better x).
Going to bed now - cinema was great topped off and excellent week - going to sleep in a so so mood :) night <3
I love going to the cinema with Nyomi, we always find something funny when it's not then end up laughing for ages to the annoyance of others
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, calvin r u ready?
Maybe I am going to the cinema with "Mr. Dreamy"! When we are going then we watch "Sherlock Holmes" xD! I hope so! ^^
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, ray r u ready?
In work at 8:30 tomorrow morning... going to bed now, need the sleep if not I'll be sleeping through the cinema tomorrow evening. Night <3
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, allegra hrbacek r u ready?
Anyone with a cineworld cinema pass worth going to frankie and bennies good deal on 20% saved £5 on meal deal ;) ;) xo
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, kevin r u ready?
Movies with my family. This is dumb, only reason I'm going is because we going to Cinema Cafe. I get to eat.
Going to the cinema to see New Years Eve film with everyone tomorrow:D anyone who wants to come, the 2:45 showing, text me if you wanna come
Going shopping tomorrow then going to the cinema:D
I'm going to open my own cinema in the East End of London. Opening night double bill: Darren Aronofsky's 'Pi' and Robert Altman's 'M*A*S*H'.
You never get those Pearl & Dean pre-film traileresque things any more, that alone is enough to deter me from going to the cinema
Going to the cinema to watch happy feet 2!! :)
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, gordon derobertis r u ready?
RIGHT? “@jakec233: Going to the cinema, and taking masses of candy in my pocket. I'm not paying six dollars for a bag of skittles.”
I remember going to see the first Harry Potter film at the cinema with my nan and grandad :')
i think I'm going to the cinema tomorrow evening!!
Going to the cinema, and taking masses of candy in my pocket. I'm not paying six dollars for a bag of skittles.
think im supposed to be going cinema tomorrow =\
Definitely going to see Goon when it comes out in the cinema.
I'm going to the cinema tomorrow,with some people I think, I'm actually really excited!:)
My parents told me they were going to the cinema 5 hours ago.. That's one long film!
Is looking forward to going to the cinema with dino tomorrow night... Need a good laugh after a shit night!!!
i actually love going to the cinema, idek getting a fizzy slush, i go too often its like a second home ♥
Watching dorian gray, big mistake going to see this in the cinema..
sitting in a cinema, seeing adverts and going to your friend "let's see that!:D" but..you never do</3
Going to the cinema tomorrow. I think the last time I went was more than 3 months ago:L
Hate going to pee in the middle of the cinema movie, everyone stares
going to cry myself to sleep tonight because Lion King 3D is no longer in cinema </3
Going to watch Drive after my tablet boots up. Then i am going to plug it in to our TV and there you go. A almost like cinema experience.
Well I've probably seen all the films I'm going to see at the cinema this year.  Time to tot up who wins!
Going to the cinema tomorrow. Watching Sherlock Holmes 2!
And I'm going to watch another film, watched wayyy too many recently. My room is pretty much considered a cinema now
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, luna r u ready?
I haven't finished half of my hair yet. I'm gonna finish at like midnight and I'm supposed to be going cinema with my friends tomorrow.:'(
O haven't even finished half my hair yet and I'm supposed to be going cinema with the girks tomorrow! NONSENSEE!!!☹
Going to the cinema tomorrow. Gonna watch New years eve :)
Out, going to the cinema \o/
So everyones going out on new years eve, but oh no I'm off to the cinema then working. Woo living the high life ;)
Can my mom shut up. She said she wasn't going to the cinema, and now she's saying she is? You're not going, bro. Sorry.
Sherlock Holmes 2 was BOMB!!! love going to the cinema
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, shanti brasher r u ready?
now I remember why I prefer going alone to the cinema.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, geoffrey r u ready?
Going to the cinema to watch Mission Impossible 4. (insert obligatory tired snarky remark required for pre-judging any hollywood film)
Going to the cinema to c Sherlock holmes :) x
Going to the cinema with my boyfriend tonight...I look how I feel! And it ain't good!
Going for a nice haircut to End 2011 and hitting the Cinema alone soon...
i think im going to the cinema tomorrow...i want to see breaking dawn again xD
I was going to the cinema but mission impossible 4 was sold out
Aw the whole family is going to the cinema to watch Sherlock Holmes:-)
Chilling with line, dyg, friends and a glass of white wine.. going to the cinema in a sec (-:
Back home now after a day of cinema an shoopin for bras. Going bac to the gym friday need to lose those mince pies
Right going to the cinema, not sure if I will like the film at all... New Years Eve? But worth a shot for Zac Efron.
Just had a pizza and now going to the cinema!!! :)
going to see puss in boots in cinema tomorrow! and then secret garden in theatre ;)
Trying to act like I'm still off work and going to the cinema mid week!!! So rock 'n' roll! Haha!
is anyone going to le cinema tonight
I remember going to the cinema to watch confessions of a shoppaholic..wow, it seems like ages ago now.
was meant to be going to the cinema tonight. LO threw up just before bed... don't think we'll be going anywhere :o(
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, eloy mossberg r u ready?
going to the cinema byeeee hoolis friends X X x
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, dean r u ready?
First time in ages I am going to the cinema without a warm bag of microwavable popcorn in handbag. Feels strange
Thinking about going to see War Horse at the cinema when its out. I know its about a Horse, but its set in WW1
I feel like going to the cinema.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, carli r u ready?
Great... & now thunder. Just before going out to the cinema.
I'm going to the cinema lol
hey(; today was a great day; i was at the mall (yeah again) and i bought some clothes and accessorizes.+tomorrow probably going to cinema:)
Well, since we're not going to get to the cinema on time due to my baking I may as well sup a wee dram of 16yr Lagavulin....
Oh how I love going to work now when everyone on my timeline is talking about going out to the cinema or to have dinner... :D
Now on the way to the cinema!:) - going to watch mission impossible!!
Going to the cinema these days isn't cheap is it?
I remember going to watch the Confessions of a Shopaholic in the cinema's :')
Going to the cinema to see new mission impossible cant wait :-)
Going to Carrick cinema tonight for the first time in probably about 3 years which is a long time considering its only 5 mins from me!
Going to the cinema with my daddy.
I remember going to see Confessions of a Shopaholic at the cinema and getting the free nail varnish xD
Going to the cinema with sis and friends :)
Going to the cinema to watch mission impossible :)
Going to the panto tomorrow and then the cinema :)
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, briana r u ready?
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, jeni brackemyre r u ready?
At the cinema. Sometimes movies you don't wanna see happen to be great. This is going to be AWESOME, then
Going to the Cinema watching Mission Impossible 4
going to cinema for the second time in 2 days, haha!
Ah, looks like I'll be going to the cinema with around 9 children. Better not saw my hand off after all. Although… not sure which is worse.
Not that those were necessarily good films themselves, it's an poor reflection of people's tastes but at least they're going to the cinema.
Apparently I'm going cinema if I have to be dragged there in my pjs o_0
Is going to look sherlok homes (: at cinema
if I wasn't so tired I might go to the cinema, so what film am I not going to see tonight?
Going to the cinema, but do we see Girl With Dragon Tattoo or New Years Eve?? Can't decide!
seriously thinking about just going to the cinema instead!
going cinema= paying to sleep for a couple hours
Yay or Nay? Mum and Dad are going to pick up my bro from the cinema. They're going to the shop, should i buy mspoints for packs?
and we're going to the cinema :)
Going to look at home cinema systems!  .Oh YES!! :D
Okay, so my family are going to the cinema tomorrow, and they picked a film I don't want to see, but now they've told me I'm not going :S
I go to the cinema floor, decide what I'm going to download when I get home, and walk away.
lol my dad found out my brothers were going cinema so he bought em bags of popcorn from brixton, next to the footlocker.. yh and brang it
Going to the cinema to check out  the new "Mission Impossible" ... :))
I love veg and chicken its pure dead brilliant! I'm going solo to the cinema, I'm comfortable with that! Who else goes solo to the cinema?
Tonight I'm going to the cinema with my friend to see NYE. :) So happy to see Lea again! I miss glee. :(
going to the cinema to see Sherlock holmes 2 ♥ oh yeaaah
Why can't someone just tell me what time we are going to the cinema so I know how long I've got to get ready!!!!!!!!!
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, ryan arthun r u ready?
Going to the cinema in a bizzlle to see mission impossible!
Going to the cinema with my parents is so stressful. It's like a day out with the old people's care centre
Off to cinema. Going to watch romantic film. Just watched nightmare on DVD. Brook v GalarZa in the US knowing I would have ko Brook!
had a pretty boring day....going to the cinema still dont know what my opinions of cinemas are..lets hope i dont get bored
Going cinema to see the new sherlock holmes, yeah buddyy
So I'm going to the cinema later, and my bro has suddenly decided he's gonna tag along...urm no, fuck off.
Ended up going to the cinema :) had a very good day today :D
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, brooks r u ready?
To the cinema tonight with my two eldest... Sherlock Holmes... It's cold, misty and wet outside. Might be jumpy going back to the car!!
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, hans r u ready?
i have two tickets to tonight's secret cinema going spare, any takers?
Lookin forward to going to the cinema with my Nan later. Turns out she's a Mission Impossible fan after all
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, alysha r u ready?
Going to the cinema with my little brother :-)  gonna watch alvin and the chipmunks 3, bye <3 xx
Going to the cinema with mother to watch the girl with the dragon tattoo :)
In the cinema with my cousin, going to watch Happy Feet 2! Heheheh
im going to cinema on nye to see new years eve. smh.
just watched twilight eclipse and going cinema to watch breaking dawn again tonight :D
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, nathan r u ready?
Going to the cinema to see 'new years eve' soon with one of my best mates!
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, jamar r u ready?
Going to the cinema after an hour :)
Going to the cinema and deliberately put my bobble hat on
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, stewart r u ready?
going to the cinema tonight!! super excited to hang out with Lisa and Sophie again :)
Going to the cinema to watch Beastly :D
my brother's going bowling then for a drink at his friends, i think, and my dad and sister are going to the cinema while i go on the kinect.
I am going to watch the MUPPRTS Movie at the cinema
going shopping and to cinema with my best friends. :) <3
Going to cinema and takin my christmas chocolate:L
Going to the cinema with smelly:-) woop
about 40 minutes I'm off ..I'm going to the cinema
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, bobby plumber r u ready?
ok going to the cinema byeyeyeyeye
Off to the cinema tonight. Going to see Sherlock Holmes with cousin.
Going to the cinema, c u guys later!
Ooh, going to the cinema. I'm becoming quite a regular. (Once a year counts as regular, right?)</fascinating_insight_into_my_life>
They say that there is going to be a "1D Tour" DVD.!! Aaaaa!! 1D tour in the cinema would be soo cool!!
Going to the cinema with some friends we're going to watch "Happy New Year" :)
In the cinema going to see new years eve
At the cinema going to watch new years eve with the girls :)
100% I am going to fall asleep in the cinema
Going to the cinema now, so have to go! But I love ya all <3 Bye :)
Going to the cinema later to see New Years Eve :D
Going to watch X large ,, mnn zmaan ma dasheet al cinema with mom and dad :'D
Going to see "Hugo" in the cinema in a bit and couldn't be more excited.
Going to the cinema, no idea what film i will see hahaha, bye xoxxo
rooom done, now going to the cinema wooooo
Feel like going to d cinema
Ok, I better leave the house now, or I'm going to be late for the cinema with friends.
I remember going to see all these movies in the cinema aw.
I'm going to pester my parents to take us out. Oh! Acc I think I'm going to the cinema later on today so its casjj
I had a wonderful timing with my mom going out to the Cinema   .NICE LITTLE BREAK FROM WORK AND STUDYING
mum just said that we're going to the cinema. I look like shit but I can't be bothered putting nice clothes on or straightening my hair...
parents going to the cinema erm i get no invite cheers me dears ..
Going to the cinema to watch 'In time'. Tonight I'll upload new DRAWS & may be a new POST about the second part of ABBEY shooting^^
Going to make myself ready, then going to the cinema with Dafne~ <3
Going to cinema ☺ watching a movie .
Supposed to be going to the cinema today... But I still don't know if we actually are or not..
Is there any way to check what's showing in the cinema without actually going? That silverbird website is a dud right now.
Ok,I'm going to the cinema now :) BBL
Agent Cody Banks 2. I remember going to see this in the cinema.
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, jolynn lichtenberger r u ready?
Going to the cinema later today! Film: Nova Zembla 3D .. <3
I remember going to the cinema with my p5 close mates to watch it!
I'm totally going to the cinema alone tonight... I need a break from people! Everyone can think what they want, I don't care...
Woah wait, so now my family are going shopping when I go to the cinema. I go when their ready which means I'm gonna be late!
"@beckygeee: Going to the cinema with aw our pals? weeeeeey(:" waaaay!
Going to the cinema with aw our pals? weeeeeey(:
after a shower, some lunch, and an episode of life on mars, I'm feeling almost human. Were going to attempt the cinema but weather is shit
Going to the cinema with my little brothers, aww
Going cinema with@KirahGrimes_ this has turned out to be well funny ahah:D
Going to the cinema. Yes, again. And yes, I have a lot of shit to do before the flight to home. But that's just me. Will reply to @'s later.
So my options for entertainment this evening are a) cinema by myself or b) going to xtravision to rent a few dvd's to watch by myself! Hmmm!
going for an outing to the cinema with my parents. Little sad of me  but at least it means they will pay for the cinema and dinner
off to cinema.. going to watch Paranormal Activity 3..if I dare xD
I'm going to the cinema with mom to watch The Ides of March now. Hope she'll feel better after some mom-daughter time. Laters! x
gutted we aren't going to the cinema anymore :-(
Feel like going cinema to just by popcorn
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, oliver r u ready?
going to the cinema with my aunt and the cousins for my cousins birthday :) Alvin and the chipmunks here we come!
Going to the cinema again... This time to see new years eve! An excellent movido for this time of the year!! <3. :3
Finally going to see Sherlock Holmes 2 - this time we mean it to be homoerotic, this afternoon. Am making eggnog to sneak into cinema.
fancy going to the Cinema's tomorrow, hm
Think I might be going to the cinema with my buddies! Who's coming?!
Just going to the cinema on the "Twilight: Breaking Dawn" <3
Going to watch Histoire(s) du cinema, claud griffith r u ready?
Does going to cinema wth a guy make u Gay? Am jst planning1.
I really fancy going to the cinema
Going to the cinema with my baby! ♥
I'm going to do some work tonight. Read: I mean I'm going to watch some of the German films from the cinema module. It's real work, honest.
Going to the cinema to watch Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol soon. I am expecting a cinematic masterpiece
no way I'm I going to buy ur food &drink when it nearly comes to the price of my ticket! Ilford cinema such a shit hole
anyone fancy going to the cinema and getting me a raspberry fanta frozen?
yaaaay going to the cinema to see the new Sherlock film
hopefully going to the cinema tonight with the girls:-)
Going to watch Puss in boots in the cinema tonight then having sleepover at BFF's wish me luck :)
Upset stomach yet again.. Don't think I'll make the cinema :( Way I'm going it'll be finished by time I'm up to going lol :'(
Going for a nice meal and cinema tonight with my girl who i havent been able to see much lately!
Going to the cinema with my sister and mum, then going into to town to see iva and others, bringing my cam!!!
Was thinking about going to the cinema but there is nothing much on.
I'm going to the cinema again. Wow. :)
Going to brave the elements that is blanchardstown centre bit a shopping/cinema with number 1 son
going to the cinema with a chest infection type cold thing is not a good idea, at the punchline of all sherlock's jokes i'll be like COUGHHH
Going to the cinema tonight with Emma and Chloe!!:D
Going to watch Cinema Paradiso, dustin r u ready?
I'm going to go smuggle a Terry's Chocolate Orange into the cinema. Take that, Ethan Hunt!
I am going to burn down the cinema on Nazi night.
Going to the cinema with these kids, argh. -_-
going to the cinema today! :)
In cinema, slightly hungover. Mission impossible will be getting through the movie without either falling asleep or going to the gents.
Just going to the cinema to watch puss in boots
fancy going to the cinema tonight/tomorrow. SOMEONE JOIN ME
If yawl are going to the cinema after I'll come:)
Mr W & I are leaving L at her Grandparents & going to the cinema this afternoon. It's the 1st time we've been out since she was born (16m)!
Going to the cinema then for lunch with my sister and stepdad yay
Going to the cinema then nandos then shopping makes me happy ☺
okay, going to the cinema soon so I'll be back later.
Gettin some grapes then ima watch this movie nd go to sleep
Bouta watch some movie . . .
this last song then im watch a movie or some shit and die of lack of sleep
When I turn 21 I don't know what I'll do. May just go to Cheddar's or Chile's and watch a movie...and buy some shoes.
Phone is getting no love. Mentions are getting no love. I guess I'm gonna watch a movie take some medicine and go to bed
I wanna watch waiting to exhale or poetic justice or some shit...just a good early  9os movie
danget I already seen this movie; gotta find some else to watch!
Layin on the couch i want some icecream n to watch a movie
Of course we have to watch Tyler's movie first on MY new BluRay.. some army movie.. doesn't interest me at all..
All twitter followers watch Tuacker and Dale vs Evil, it's a great movie that will make you laugh, and some awesome blood and gore.
Trying this Beyonce station first but if she make me feel some kind of way Imma watch a movie
I'm being forced to watch some sort of dolphin movie..
About to take a shower watch a movie and sip some wine :)
Scary Movie Night .! >>>Shiid If Somebody Pull Some Dumb Ishh Watch Imma Be In Jail RealTalk.. -_-
Hahahaha only Emily wants to watch some movie called orgasm inc.  .Da fuck girl..
i want some company to watch a movie with but nobodys worthy enough to be in my house after hours.
Tryna watch Why did I get married 2, and I keep on crying.... I guess the movie making some true emotions come out!
Going to settle down for the night and watch a movie! For some reason, I feel like I got a lot done today.
CHILLIN , FINNA WATCH A MOVIE. NEED SOME COMPANY !
Some of the scenes in the movie "Ray" I couldn't watch because I was on the verge of shedding a tear .
Gonna watch this movie alone.. Wish I had some popcorn !
I'm going to watch some movie ....
Bout tah watch this movie with the kids, and eat some dessert :) nights like these are dope!!! love my babies!
This little b**ch fina get some said to her ass ! Stfu & watch the damn movie if you can't watch it take yo SCARY ASS TO SLEEP !
the fact that i have to watch the nba on this dumb espn fantasy cast becuas emy parents are watching some dumb movie<
I wanna go to the movies and just chill and watch a movie with some popcorn and a icee
my stomach hurts, i need some hot tea and a love movie like Love Jones to watch right now
and im not tryna watch a scary movie tonight so someone better put some funny shit in ! :X
time to watch another movie and stuff my face with some cookies
A nigga like me bout to watch a movie and eat some takis
bout to pop some popcorn and watch a movie with baby roxie and jay :)
ready to eat my leftovers, drink some, and watch a movie ^_^ !!! ...
I'm sitting here trying to watch this movie and my lil bro making some type of fucking noise on his iPod... -___-
I'm gonna grab some water, watch some fucked up movie, then fall asleep again. yep.
watch 1D: a year in the making, a movie, or read a fanfic... someone link me some fanfics(:
Boutta Watch Some Movie Called Mission Impossible!
watching some weird piranah movie :p there's nothing to watch on tv
Wats a good movie to watch?? Hit me with some suggestions plz
Finally going to cuddle up with some hot chocolate and watch a movie. Too bad I have no one to cuddle with.
Watch some movie and blair underwood got ate up by some gators!!!!!
Boys just some advice: During a movie she doesn't want you all over her just fucking hold her hand and let her watch the fucking damn movie!
I wanna watch some movie, but Twitter and Facebook are tooooooo Damn entertaining
Going to watch a movie on netflix, then go to bed, then tomorrow trade in some games to get a new one :D
everything is funny at 5 AM. and i mean everything. i don't even know why i am up. lets get some food and watch a movie.
I Wanna Watch A Movie.! Somebody Gimme Some Good Movies To Watch.!
Bout to go eat some pie n watch a movie
That shower felt good , now to do some laundry and find a movie to watch .
Aunt brought cousins outbto eat jap food :( but watch some weird sherlock homes movie so haha i dun wan go :)
I never watch the ending of movie credits.... i might start just cause it might be some trippy shit at the end
so i waus downloading some video|movie thing for my niece to watch & i accidentally put cancel when it waus done -____- FML.
How do u ask me to watch a movie with u & in the same breath don't mess w/the hd tv & u r going to wash some dishes?  Dumb just dumb.
If i go to the movies its to watch the movie not have some bitch fuck it up by being ignorant and kicking my seat
moms making me watch some movie that she watched that before that reminded her of my bro & made her cry -___- niiiice.
Not strong enough to watch a game yet but maybe I'll hit up a red box & rent some games & a movie.
Just finished eating some tacos bout to watch a movie
"@jeramie318: Watch twilight me and cholee" iwant some pizza from you & chloee & my damn movie, kmsl
I go out with the family, pay $7 to watch a movie, instead I have to listen to some dumb ass yelling "I want a blunt" throughout the movie..
Sherlock Holmes Is A Pretty Good Movie. Now Time To Watch Some Of Dhis Iowa And Oklahoma
Had fun at yours truly with my otherhalf . ! Jus got done takin pics . Bouta make some popcorn and cookies and watch a movie :)
Who wants to come watch a movie with me, need some company.
I feel it's that time of night to break out some wine and watch a movie.
I long to watch a real good MOVIE!! With some good COMPANY!
some ham hay so before i go and watch this movie
really leh, i badly wanna watch movie. has been some time le lorh.
We can watch a movie girl I just bought some brand new DVDs
I'm about to just REALLY say "fuck it," stay in, design some shit, get drunk and watch a movie. By myself.
got the bottle bring some trees watch a movie hit this weed
For the last day of 2011, I'm gonna watch a movie with my family, eat out, do some finishing work on the casepre and have a NY eve party. Hm
Wish I had a movie to watch and some popcorn to eat while watching it
Try it,just get you some wine and watch a movie or something...
I wanna see an action movie. Watch some people jump off buildings and blow up some shit
Bout to end my night right. Eat my mango sorbet, read some internet gossip and watch a movie.
Leiahni wanna play wit glitter, pain, markers & some mo shit right now, watch a movie girl ! Hmph
I kinda wanna sit up and watch a sap movie, eat some pop corn and be in my feelings...
Just cooked dinner about to watch a movie & bake some cookies....
ipod seems to be taking forever to update, might just make myself some food then watch the chatroom, love that movie.
As SOON as I was bout to get comfortable & watch me a movie ... In comes some fuckin UNWANTED company !!!!!!
Bout to watch some wack movie
Can someone give me some suggestions of a movie to watch. I cnt think of any
I wanna watch the "Jungle Book" it had some cool songs in that movie..
after waiting for a movie to finish downloading and u ready to watch it it a say u need to download some effing player fi it ┌П┐(-_-) ┌П
this movie is some shit. don't ever watch it.
Movie's over!!! Now heading home to watch some Sooner football!!!!! BOOMER!¡!¡!
I just want to cuddle, watch a good movie, eat some delicious food, and finish my night with mint chip ice cream
After some '12 going to watch some V for Vendetta....actually never seen that movie
about to watch n to deep ilove this movie so much hopefully I Get some rest tonight
Think I may head downstairs and get some food and watch a movie as its clear I'm not getting any sleep.
At city centre about to watch some dragon movie about tattoos or something. Pass the popcorn!
Watch another movie or read? Or clean up the drywall dust & go to bed? These some are exciting choices I've got...
Havent Been On Twitter For Weeks Really.. Wana Say Some Shit But I Dont Know Where To Start So Ima Just Watch A Movie! lol What???
Enough of this WWE...gotta watch some of my movie..Transformers!
Kay its time for me to go downstairs eat some cookies and watch a movie till i fall asleep
Apparently I have to go sit in my room while he brings some skank over to watch a movie... So fucking over this guy
WHY DONT NO ONLINE MOVIE GOT THE LITTLE GIANTS! LOL man Sucks to be a 90's kid sometimes when u wanna watch some old classics.
I think ima just fix me some to eat , watch my movie , & go to sleep .
my brothers have been playin' the game all damn day! these negros bout to turn the shit off soo I can watch some tv , a movie or something!
jus finished taking down all the Christmas decorations... bouta eat some dinner, drink some wine, && watch a movie
Amos to my mom- you need to sit down, smoke some weed and watch that movie mom- do I call you for this? Hahahaha
1st we go rent a movie, pick up food from arby's, got some ice cream, then rushed home to watch the movie.
I'm in lesbians with this movie. Going to go watch some Scott Pilgrim.
For some reason tonight I wanna watch a movie
1st we go rent a movie, pick up food from arby's, got some ice cream, then rushed home to watch the movie
If I didn't have work tonight I'd be out... But instead ima fix some food and watch a movie lol
I wanna watch a movie where some hyper bitch gets called "lil lady"
Bouta watch a movie, pop some popcorn & jus chill for the rest of the night (:
Going to drink some nice hot coffee and watch a movie:)
Huh wish you was here with me , we could watch a movie or some ;)
Should I watch a movie or peep some new music while I twist my hair?
Need some tea then watch a good movie.
i wanna watch the movie "#stigmata" for some strange reason.
My mandem are some real jokers, yard time might watch a movie when I get in.
My friday night...twitter up ,music on,a movie to watch& some candy right next to me.
Blahhh .... gonna watch some movie ha im bored right now lol
About To Climb In Bed, Pop Some Popcorn And Watch A Movie.
Ugh. My mom wants to watch some dumb movie. I really want my own TV.....
Latest impulse buy: the first Star Trek movie!! :D Gonna watch some of it then sleep.
Taking a few hours out of my day to watch the girl with the dragon tattoo tomorrow. Not the movie. Some girl who works at Hot Topic.
Okay. Toodles. About to watch some movie.
for some reason when i watch twilight "new moon" it always makes me think of my ex.....huh....damn it i cant watch this movie anymore...
Ohkae. Bouta get some Taco Bell and just chill and watch a good movie I guess.
Just baked some cookies and they are good :) ........bouta find a movie on demand 2 watch suggestions?
Im about to make me a ham sandwich, some popcorn and watch a movie.........
im really not a rain person, so i think imma make some puppy chow and watch a movie
So yea...im gonna watch a movie..for some reason..i've been feaning  Italian sausage for like a week.
Finna make some noodle, chill on the couch, watch a movie & txt my bae ^.^
I'm about to go watch  a movie and have some good ole me time
Another evening alone...another Friday with nothing to do...guess ill sip some wine and watch a movie
About to eat my bomb ass food iMadeee.. then watch some movie
I was going to say "tweet any movie at me and I'll watch." then I realized I'd get trolled into some beyond terrible horror movie...
Only Amber and me would go to NYC just to watch Young Adult in some random ass movie theater
I can already tell this movie is some bs but ima watch it tho !
Here's what ima do...go get some hair dye. Dye my hair then watch this movie an hav a few drinks
Yumm..lol"@labelle_GIA: baking some cookies before i watch this movie , i wanna see what all the fuss is about"
Juice. iWant some. And iWanna watch the movie.
I want some cuddlez, stomach medicine, and a good movie to watch. (but mostly stomach medicine)
baking some cookies before i watch this movie , i wanna see what all the fuss is about
if all fails il sit back at home sip some mascoto and watch a movie
Sipping on some red wine , chilling wid family an friends about to watch a movie
Going home to eat some baked stuffed shrimp and cuddling with my blankets in bed to watch a movie :)
Guess I will cook me some rotel and watch a movie...
Fuck it im bout to go watch this movie with my sis till some plans come up
I need some junkfood. So my lonely ass could watch this movie in bed and cuddle with my teddy bear...
Ugh these kids are making me watch some natty barbie movie and I hate it. So close to bedtime yet so far away
They Asked To Watch Some Bad Movie Called 'Life As We Know It'...
About to eat some Apple Jacks and look for a movie to watch On Demand.
bout to eat some chicken with ketchup =) umm . now i need a movie to watch
I'm going to watch a movie with my sister and crush this bowl and then get some sleep for work
I'm gonna watch a movie about a girl who has teeth in her vagina and eat some purple ice cream.
Cant made up my mine.. Ocean drive with Anna for some good drinks, or stay home and watch a movie!!??? What to do???
Hit the crib watch a movie cuz ain't nothin on the news but the blues hit the mall pick up some gucci ain't nothin new but ya shoes
Guess ill get some food nd watch a movie now
Last Friday i smoked  some good loud watch a movie by myself and went to american deli
I wana watch a movie & sip some wine tomorrow night.. It's too cold ⛄⛄
I wanna watch a good movie & eat some butter pecan ice cream...
About to watch a movie&eat some seeds
Going to have some wine and watch a sappy love movie. Not sure if this will make things better or worse. Yeah, probably worse.
I think Im going to fix me some dinner, take a shower and order a movie or something... I may watch happy feet  and chronicles of riddick :D
When teachers turn off the lights in the classroom, to watch some boring movie, gives us permission to sleep.
Fat ass wanna watch a movie & shit well we gotta get high first and bring some to eat inside the movies cuz everything be so expensive lol
Looks like I'm going to be in the house tonight, that's coo...get me some dinner & watch a movie!
I need to make this run so i can get back to change into my pj's sip on some wine and watch a movie!...#syreeta'sfridaynightswag
(I love watchin movies) so I'm lookin for a classic movie and some guy says you should watch Brokeback Mountain (was he trying to insult me)
ugh everyone whos like 'omg pirates of the carribean was the best movie ever'  DUDE. go watch some real movies PUHLEASE.
g2g ganna go watch some movie! becha its princess cuz of a 5 year old and a 2 year old in the house be back soon!
Bouta make some cookies, and watch  a movie
Every time I say I'm gonna run home to grab some food before I go run errands....I end up just wanting to put on pj's and watch a movie.
For some reason it felt like it's time to watch 3 Idiots in HD all Over again ! That super movie and it's brilliant music remains fresh !
My poppop's making me watch some really lame movie and he has the volume up SO LOUD.
Full from good food but somehow still eating popcorn. Getting ready to watch some movie about tattooed dragons or something.
Forced to watch some bullshit movie I aint interested in
Anyways about to get me some wings,  chill & watch a movie!
"@laugh_lust_LISH: I could watch some Players Club right na"<<>>> great movie
Finaa Drink Some Orange Soda & Watch A Movie With My Little Sister Celeste ! (:
Why are going to watch this movie and eat some food
baking me some cookies, about to watch this movie & talk to my bae.
Guess I'll pop some popcorn & watch a movie then .
I bet when I watch the Devil Inside I'm gonna watch scooby doo, or some corny movie.
bout to go get some food, then chill & watch a movie.
i want to watch a movie of some kind. idk what to watch
Time to order some stake or something & settle in to watch a good movie :)
We Boutta Watch Some Movie ... I Don't Know What It Is Thoo..
Some one give me a movie to watch
Every time I watch a movie that has a scene with graphic childbirth, I feel some type of way.
I like literally just wanna sit in the dark and think and shed some tears and watch a interesting movie and download music to distract me.
Alright I'm going to watch the new Sherlocke Holmes movie with some buddies. Hopefully I won't get kicked out for being too AWESOME!!!
Im in a baking mood. After I get off work ima make some cookies and watch a movie.
Stay at home, get some wine, turn on some music, and watch a drama movie. :-)
Omg im like a shrink for a majority of my friends, callinq me crying like bitch go get some ice cream and watch a lifetime movie !
my mom is trying to convince me to watch some scary ass 1990s movie... hell to the no
I'ma go make me some pop corn and watch a movie :D
order some pizza & watch a movie for the night
Gonna go eat some cereal and watch a movie with mother bear. P: Need to get up at a decent time tomorrow to get ready for hogmanay. :]
I hate when some selenators leave Selena and don't care about her, then when her new movie '' 13 reasons why'' and they want to watch it.
i wanna watch a good movie or some cartoons
dear kira, leave the white boy and come back home to me..so we can have some chef boyardee and watch a disney movie. love, co.
Enough of the music for me for awhile. About to watch a movie. Y'all jam some classics for me. Tweet the links so everyone can jam wit u
Sooooo I think I wanna go to draft house for some beers ... But damn what movie do I watch?
bout to watch this planet of the apes movie and eat some chicken nuggets and fries
Finna grab me some shrimps from off 103 n watch a Movie...
About to watch a movie :)) Mums gone down to get the chocolates & make some popcorn! ^.^
im gonna watch a movie online, some one should come over :3
I need a movie to watch or some!
Plans for tonight======>: Smash some food, make a raw ass design, watch a movie, redo my tumblr.
Imma watch a movie and eat some peanuts.
You better go buy the movie or bootleg it if you dnt already have it and steal some 3D glasses and watch it at home lol
Maybe shall watch some movie or something
I can do a $20 date..and get some ice cream .... Or a movie under $50.... Or the library free or watch tv free...we going out to eat $$$$$
Finally some food!..now i need a good movie to watch.
I just wanted to have food and watch a movie maybe some tv.  Idk. Life is a trip, and I'm falling all the time
Well dinner time guess some carry out than and watch sum movie wit my booda. Peaceful friday hopefully
I wanna watch a movie smoke weed and sip on some henny! Anybody?????
I would really like to watch Shame again. Can't stop considering some of the undertones the movie laid out.
Damn..nobody here! Guess ill order some pizza & watch a movie !
I gotta clean up round here some but then i just wanna chill out n watch a movie
A first date with me, we order some pizza, sprite & watch a action movie or sports at the house lol
I just wanna cuddle and watch a movie, some visitors would be nice. Or my babe. I wanna wake up in your arms
need to watch the film bridesmaides at some point, need a comedy movie
200 for a date?? Outta line...just get some wings, watch a movie and chop it up. Spending time >>>>>>> Spending money
Some of you are evidently watching a TV show about Twitter. Excuse me while I watch a movie about Facebook. *snorts* Oh wait....
Idk what movie I'm gonna watch. . For some reason I was never to hype about ciroc like that. But Pinnacle shit I fucks with
Watch the video I just RT. For some reason I have never, EVER, cried during a movie only my eyes water. This one ALMOST made me cry. :'(
About to make some hot tea, pop a cough drop and find a movie to watch on Netflix.
I'm not even in a party mood. I just wanna chill, watch a movie with a bitch, and get some pussy...is that too much to ask for? Lol
Gonna get into bed now...might try and find a movie to watch, if not I'll download some music for my iPod, then sleep!
boutta go get some vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup and watch a movie while i wait lol
Fina find some 2 eat & watch a movie, movies always keep me entertained
I'm looking for some good horror movie to watch. Any suggestions?
I can tell some tears are gonna be shed while watch this movie!
“@LadyNOtramp: Columbiana I on some serial killer shit ” oh geehz who let yu watch tht movie?
Like, I just wanna take a hot shower, put on some PJs, get some food, and watch a movie. But noooooooo. That won't fucking happen.
Someone should come to movie tavern and watch some stupid zoo movie with me
Got Some City View Boutta Watch A Movie & Chill
About to wrap up in this snuggie, pop some popcorn, and watch a movie.....#nolife
“@BmtBombShell Hell I'd like to get some food & we can cook it together get something to drink watch a movie or let it watch us ha ha ha.”
Trying To Decide If I Wanna Watch This Movie Or Turn On Some Music .
I just said I wanted to see this movie animal kingdom now it's on demand I'm hype about to pop some popcorn and watch
it's like every 90s teen movie I watch mentions pearl jam in some way or another
I got my josh, some snacks, now i just wanna watch a really good movie
I can't decide whether to watch New Moon, Eclipse or some other movie. Hmmm decisions, decisions.
Just wanna go home and sleep maybe eat some ice cream and watch a movie
<<=Needs a good movie to watch or some type of entertainment !!!!kftk9
Gonna watch tv, go to bed, watch horrid henry the movie to see Tyger, then gonna watch the Inbetweeners movie and write some story & stuff.
, about to make some popcorn & watch a movie .
If you're sick, please have some consideration and watch a movie at home.
I just wanna cook for my girl one night & chill out, watch a movie or some shit
FAMILY TIME BOUT TO WATCH A MOVIE AND EAT SOME CHIPS:-)
so fcking tired -___- . smdh ! bout to watch this movie , better be good too . i want some soda ! thirsty as ever . mhmm !
Hell I'd like to get some food & we can cook it together get something to drink watch a movie or let it watch us ha ha ha.
Feel like watch the movie selena for some reason! !
About to watch the new Sherlock Holmes movie, thanks to some great in-laws. Hope it's good!
i wanna go watch that scary movie thats out , i hope my cousin got some money !!
Some one remind me why Ĩ chose to watch this thriller movie 2nyt. In my room. Alone. With the lights out...
Go home. Eat some pizza. Watch a movie. Boring, no? And to think, yesterday I was at a bar with a tranny and a bunch of lacrosse players.
Im about to go and watch some movie and just relax .
enjoy the rape sceneRT“@Dsatanic: We about to watch a movie about some Asian hoe with a dragon tattoo. SMH”
We about to watch a movie about some Asian hoe with a dragon tattoo. SMH
bouta eat some pop corn and watch ah movie w/ these kids
Hmm, can you decide for me? Make some money with my feet up, or should I watch a nice movie and make some money?
Gonna find a movie to watch and play some Sims.
Im About To Find A Charger Order Some Pizza Then Watch A Good Ass Movie (TextMyLine)
Gonna watch the some Justin Bieber movie that my sister got for Christmasssss.
Gonna watch a movie & eat some chips! Being home alone sucks! Good fucken morning peeps! -_-
I wanna watch a James Bond movie for some reason
Planning to do some work for school & then watch a movie.
ima go get some grub and watch true grit ive been dying to see this movie
Today would be the perfect day to drink some hot chocolate and watch a movie while cuddling with that special someone .
Cme pick me up smokin ona doob,go to the show watch a funny ass movie. Go get some hot wings ranch fries nd ghetto punch frm wing shack..
Wanna chill the fuuuck out and watch a movie with some good food later
Time to make some noise and watch a good movie.. ouch 2h45 for ALEXANDER ... my neighbour wil be happy LOL
need some hot chocolate!...umm i think ima make sum and then watch a movie:)
I am still in the bed somebody wanna bring me some mongolian food and watch a movie with me lol
Just waking up, my body is in pain! And a headache! Time to pop some meds!  guess I'll watch this BET movie as well
gonna watch some anime movie with mom brb lol (she loves animes) agfhahg
That was a good movie time for me to find some else to watch
Woke up to some stupid ass movie on BET... This da same movie Te'Juan made me watch wit him at Corey house...
I hate when I get some food and sit down to watch a movie. And I eat all the food before the movie start.
"@I_DefineSwag: Nah. I just came to check 4 some stuffs. U look older. U are but good look@SwaggatronE hey......did u watch a movie???"
I'm bout to watch a movie, eat some pizza rolls and fume over that game.. 3 drives.. 3 interceptions..
well I've had some brilliant writing news - and some awesome movie project news...watch this space for more details as they unfold :)
I need some suggestions on a movie to watch on netflix .
throwing on some sweats, making a pizza and watch a movie
Bouttah watch a movie to kill some time
Off Xbox as pleople just fucking tryhard on fifa gonna watch some movie tonight!
I'm so bored I should get some goose and sip and watch a movie and relax  ??1dle4
Time 2 play some xbox then watch a movie on zune
Couldn't go to sleep because I was hungry.. So I'm making me some oodles and noodles while I watch the movie Bratz lol
About to play some video game while I watch my movie
every scary movie i watch now, in the background the killer is watching some real housewives. that is weird.
bout to eat some pizza and watch a movie
Good day at town today,now to watch a movie and cuddle in bed with some munch :-)
Gonna watch a movie b4 I clean!...I need some coffeee!
You can ask a chick to come over an watch a movie out the red box an get some ass why spend $199 more dollars? Just a question
For some reason when I watch a movie the second time around it's always much funnier... Over here dying!!!
Sore throat, oh no! Better drink some tea & watch a movie.
Made Some Lunch Now Just Need A Good Movie To Watch
Sitting in with the kids painting pictures, going to settle down with some popcorn and watch a movie. .Will facetime my other kids later
turned simpsons of to watch some shiity scary movie called ''shutter'' me n neaves total 4 wheelin wae jim n danni
Went to see War Horse ystday very good movie but man some parts very hard to watch WOW very emotional
Watching I Am Legend...terrific movie, but some would think its too early to watch :D
We can watch a movie girl , iJust bought some brand new DVD's
“@luvMCR_Bieber: Watch a movie in theatre,by dvd in ur house,played by some channels..give you different sensation. LOL
I really just don't feel like texting or talking. I'm going to make some hot cocoa and watch a movie.
F this, I'm about to eat some cake and watch a movie.
Matt is off to Saco with some friends to watch a movie. Hm... What will Josh and I do for fun? Cleaning and organizing? Yes please!
Clean the room up a little my bffl coming over to watch some movie he got
some one give me a solid asss movie to watch
Tryna eat my lunch this day need to hurry up got some movie I wanna go hone to watch
Bout to fry some eggplant for breakfast and watch a movie
I really just want to watch some awesome karate movie right now.
Sweet- just say down in Chichester Cineworld to watch MI4 then grabbing some tea before watching Sherlock 2 - movie feast!!
Some one come get these lil boys... I just want to watch my movie in piece
And then have a candlelight dinner, and watch Star Wars or LOTR or some other movie marathon
Saw New Year's Eve today with some of my friends. I loved it! A really cute movie to watch with friends or family on this time of the year!
Finna eat some chili and watch a movie it's boring and it's raining Wat a day can't wait to get off
be back later. I'm gonna watch some movie cause I'm SO bored D:
So we got put into MI:4 by mistake, got new tix again but decided to watch some of it before our movie starts. Good times
Gonna study, study some more, watch a movie...on my day off
about to watch some scary movie with ne' :o
I'm at low ebb just bec I watched some sad emotional movie. Gotta turn it the other way. Best way to do it is to watch wedding vids ♥
Watch a movie about Samurai. Look how Samurai is walking. Learn to walk as Samurai. And walk. Always. As Samurai. .Get some wisdom moron -_-
watch this lifetime movie. go pay my bills. get some pizza. get in my bed&watch more lifetime.
TV is pants so gonna watch the Jennifer Lopez movie 'Enough' - time for some kick ass girl power!!!
If you ever have a chance, take some time to watch the movie Maria Full of Grace..
This sucks ass when the movie you have to watch is in some next language, and you gotta write a essay for it.
i just done some bad idea just now,sneaking into tv room,close all the lamp and watch the movie,"Wanted" and i love it..! ahaha...
Wants some chips and dip and watch a funny ass movie
I got a movie to watch and some kush to blow, but who wanna join?
Ahhh yesssss. Now im gonna go get some peach cobbler and watch a scary movie :D1WN65
I'm bout to bang some cereal and watch a movie in MY HOUSE
finna cook me some breakfast && find a movie to watch ..
Im really dum bored. Im bouta make some more oatmeal and watch a movie.
I legit took time out of my morning just to watch the movie ''Bolt'' for some reason.
About to cook some breakfast, put phone on silent & watch this movie until its time for work.
Watch a movie in theatre,by dvd in ur house,played by some channels..give you different sensation. LOL
I need a good movie to watch to day...n good food to eat I already have some Bella sera for later
My sister is watching Sweeney Todd. My god i need to watch some comedy afterwards. Cant help feeling the movie is a bit depressing. .x.
Damn woke up at 4 some to watch Dear John thats my movie man lol i cried.  But anyway goodmorning. Im in a good mood
My parents are watch some movie and I can hear them commentating all the way from my room LoL with my door closed 0_o
ok, gonna watch 1969. hopefully watching a movie for three actors, not just one will be more rewarding than some of ezra's old stuff
Wanted to watch this earthquake show on channel 5 expecting it to be a documentary but it's some 1980 movie W T F
Sister and her boyfriend coming over for some food and a movie tonight. We are going to watch Limitless. Anyone see it? Thoughts?
i guess ill go watch a movie or some shit, bbl.
I want some wings and a cola watch a scary movie or a football game
Well about to watch some scary movie in Netflix called Kill Katie Maline....so I can go back to sleep lol
Forgot That I Was Up Extra Early So Some People Are Still Sleep So I'm Gone Watch This Movie And Maybe Nodd Off For A Minute!!!!
I jus watch a movie on the sofa with somebody special with some covers..
Just had lunch with some school friends. So nice. Off to see a movie now - MI4 or Sherlock. I want to watch a rom com but I'm outnumbered :(
There's always some movie I've always wanted to watch but never got the chance to
Im going to the movies today , but don't know which movie to watch. I wanna watch some TYPE of horror movie thou.
Don't know what to do for news years tomorrow..1. Attend a party 2. Go to the city for fire works 3. Stay at home & watch some lame movie :/
Laying in bed bout to watch the inbetweeners movie while eating some chocolate ;)
alrite, I know some people timeline been flooded with the show Ombak Rindu..seriously it is really a nice movie..its a must watch movie..
So now we watch some movie on disney
I'm the mood to watch a movie grab some food and just relax tonight with someone cool I been working hard lol
going to scran on some food and watch the inbetweeners movie (love this film) and then do my homework:-) day sorted!
Itss early af , boutaa watch this movie though ... my mama should make me some breakfast but knowinq her , that's a definate " hell no ! "
hate revision blehhh! Might just find some seasonal movie to watch instead!
wanna watching a movie, got some bored here. like watch 'mr. mrs. smith'
Hmm, now that I feel a bit better... What am I going to do? Clean my room, watch a movie, play some games..
The most irritating thing is when im trying to watch a movie and some one next to me is on the phone talking,!
Time to head out to eat, I think with Shafinaz and Alex and then go watch some random movie. See you all later. Anything text. Kbye.
Bout to watch some next horror movie shiit
Husband bought me some great books and the movie "A Room with a View" one of my faves. Will watch many times I'll watch it on rainy days,
I don't think I've ever before said that a TV show or movie will stop me from sleeping, and I watch some pretty sick shit.
Insomnia :(( Boo!! And my man made me watch some crazy weird freaked out movie:(((( Boo!!!!! Triple Boo!!!
Guess I'll fix me some captain crunch since im up b4 I watch the movie
Gonna watch the inbetweeners movie then hopefully I'll be ready to do some ict work & some literature revision... hopefully.
About to watch a movie & eat some spaghetti that's drippin ragù.
Just ate my last banana some yogurt and a glass of milk so I am going to watch a movie till I go to sleep
want to watch movie. and eat some popcorn with my sisters!:)
Im in the mood to watch a Naija movie! I so need to go deptford/Peckham n get some more films
*frowns at my TL* where is everyone? Hmmm....gonna watch a movie while a wait for him. Bought some DVDs today. *snuggles on couch*
Lol I need to go downtown and watch some movie
Need to watch some interesting movie now.
Im ready go get me some jello n watch a movie
When you watch a kids movie and some of the characters are walking around in TAA shirts and you're like. shit.
But hold up , before i watch the movie i gotta get some snacks.
Movie marathon over! Leggo watch some real movie! :D segunda mano laterz :))
About to watch a movie and eat some ice cream until I fall asleep.
Going to watch some movie
I wish i had some one to cuddle with right now and to watch a movie with.
About to go to sleep got a long day in a few hours about to lay down watch some Coach Carter thats my movie right churr ! :)
'bouta watch some scary movie to keep my ass up.
I'm bout to watch a movie or some thing
I got up for some water and realized my sons still up on their computers too. We pulling all nighters round here. So we bout 2 watch a movie
Going to watch a movie and attempt to get some rest
Everytime I watch rosewood I get pissed off n wanna go tear some shit up... Bad movie choice
Going to watch me a movie most likely The Help, and drink me some ginger ale until i fall asleep.
since Im not sleep yet, Im going to listen to some music or watch a movie or... lol
lets watch some sports or a movie together, i prefer that to going out.
I wana watch a good movie sit back and eat some fresh baked cookies and a tall class of milk.
bout to watch some scary movie .
- wish , ihad some one to watch this scary movie with me ( :
This lifetime movie makes getting some ass look easy. Smh. That's why dudes dont watch this channel lol
Up late, working on some things! Need a good movie to watch while I work :-/
She convinced me -_- & were bout to watch some scary movie ... in the dark .. Omg lol im scerrred
Some girly want to come cuddle up & watch a movie with me and Molly?:) (I only added Molly cause I figured you'd just want to play with her)
guess i'll find me a movie to watch . . enjoy some me time or some shit .
deciding if i should watch a movie or listen to some music till i fall asleep. hm
Then there's movie night, and everybody got depressed because some asshole insisted they all watch SPACE RUNAWAY IDEON: BE INVOKED.
I need to watch Next Friday again man jr is reminding me of some funny stuff in the movie
For some reason i want to watch a very sad movie!
In the mood to watch Apollo 18 or some movie!
Ready to go home and watch a movie or play some Xbox.. Ugly night outside! Tomorrow should be a fun filled day
bout 2 orders some papajohns and watch a bootleg movie and complain about the quality and the nigga that keeps getting in the way of the cam
I want 2 watch a movie wit some body!
Do you wanna come over and watch a movie? *translation* Do you wanna come have sex with some idle noise in the background
Putting some clothes away then gna watch Moneyball. Looks like a good baseball movie.
Bout to watch movie till I fall asleep...some sleepy time tea :-)
i need some damn headphones so i can watch this fuckin movie on my phone. FUCK!!! I'll be at WalMart when i get off lol.
maybe i need to just go watch my movie before i say some things i don't need to say
Finna watch a movie & eat some ice cream to finish off my nite
Someone bring me some taco bell & watch this movie with me
im bouta watch a movie or some
Warrior- If you want to cry, go ahead and watch this movie. Very emotional. Don't worry, there's some fighting in there too.
Off to watch some movie...looking forward for some Crab & Oyster for dinner...Cheers to good life!!!#happyheart <3
About To Watch A Movie Or Some !!
Time for some MW3 then probably gonna watch a movie
Nah look on some ppl who cuddle up and a watch movie without me *talk to the hand*
Kick back, grab some popcorn, and watch the horror show unfold right before my eyes. I hope it isn't as unstable as the first movie.
cant decide whether to watch a movie or just jam out to some city & color ....
bout to eat some spaghetti and meat sauce  & watch the rest of this movie !
I'm finna eat my ice cream , watch this movie , smoke some more weed , and pass out.
I'm bout to watch a movie . . . Cause for some reason I know I ain't gone be able to sleep.
Imma eat some of this spaghetti n find me a movie to watch for the night
About to watch some movie my mom told me to watch.
we can watch a movie girl I just brought some brandnew dvds
Looks like I'm gonna watch a movie with some chick I met on the stairs. Now to find an empty room.
Bout to take a shower and watch some tv or a movie. Text me !
I think I'm gonna watch a movie.. Like for some odd reason I'm not tired..
Bout to go get some Ls watch this movie and call it a night
I Just Thought About That Last Tweet & I Changed My Mind. My Booty About To Go To Sleep In A Few But Watch Some Of This Movie Though.
I don't know what movie to watch on Netflix so imma just watch some Southpark.
I'm going to watch some movie lah today, so bored.
gna watch some horror movie alone at home now :)
Ugh I'm in my feelings ): .. bouta cuddle up on this good ole couch & watch a movie by myself.. need some me time..
About to take it down & watch this movie w/ My 5...need some sleep
I watch a movie&come back on Twitter&apparently some ICONiacz r being racist&Mikey's dating Montana again. Da fuck was I when this happened?
Just watch the funniest bank robbery movie I've ever seen..some of us are just not born for it..
Hmmm interesting night. Time to tune out with some beats and watch a movie :)
Let me watch a movie coz I don't get some of yo tweets *smh*
I really wanna watch a Lifetime movie for some reason.
My brother loves to watch a movie over and over again. He can even memorize the exact dialogue in some of the scenes. (•͡˘˛˘ •͡)
just watched ‘Manila Kingpin: The Asiong Salonga Story’ last night with some friends. It's a pretty good movie. You might wanna watch it.:)
whats a good sensual/sexy movie to watch? i need to reprogram myself LOL look at some romance
About to go watch a movie & make some food .
I just want to cuddle one night and watch a movie! Maybe some kissing but nothing else'! I need a boo'!
My dad would turn off my Lifetime movie to watch some bullshit ass show ! ha
I want to watch a movie online but don't know what ! Someone give me some ideas .
About to make some Hot chocolate N watch the Players club! I love that movie
I feel like I need to cry..... I need a really good movie to watch ! Gimme some names
Fareal when I go back in the house I'm Finna make some Tea & give Addy a bath & we gonna watch a movie !
boutta lay down comfortably in some boxers and no shirt under a blanket and watch this movie and just cool it
Rebuilding my operating system.. It's taking forever. Think im gunna make a trip to get some food then watch a good movie haha.
Okay I hate scary movies, why am I letting them make me watch this scary vampire movie? Can I get some sparkly vampires please? Hahah
Feel like sitting down, relaxing with some hot chocolate, and watch a good movie :3 Harry Potter is always my first choice!
Just got done playing skyrim, gona watch some kinda movie.
- just made some popcorn . (: now I just gotta find a movie to watch .. alone . /;
How's everyones day? Lol can't watch this movie. Afta this movie I'm watching some funny movie that is gunna make me forget about this...
Life is like a movie, get some popcorn sit back & watch itttt.
...I need a movie to watch, and some food to eat
I wanna watch a good ass movie. Some shit I never seen lolizRxMP
Blowing. Then eating some bomb cookies watch a movie & k'0,  with my <3 . Gn tweeters.
Kinda want to get out of bed, make some lemonade then watch a movie!
Get ready for some tears! RT@jessjesssjesss: Who the fuck has the movie 500 days of summer?! I've always wanted to watch it :(
watch the movie betrayed at 17..it's so true how some guys just use some girls for sex just to show off to there friends.
think ima go watch a movie or some .
About to eat some ice cream and watch a movie, until someone calls me  ( :
Finna watch a good movie and find some good conversation because I honestly do need someone, to talk to right now
Movie night for me... About to make my little brother watch some chick flicks with me
bout to watch some movie
Gonna eat some pain killers, gonna eat some ice cream, gonna watch a movie, gonna cry, gonna pass out.
Tomorrow night >> I'm gonna watch a nice movie, snuggle up in my bed, and have some good sleep :)
Bout To Make Some Cookie Crisp And Watch A Movie
Does anyone know a good movie? I wanna watch some romantic issh ! :)
i would like to just go watch a movie with you, then eat some ice cream & just sit & talk for hours without either one of us getting bored.
Bout to take a long ass shower and watch some bomb ass movie on netflix tho :p
Probably gonna watch some new or movie.
Guess I'll sit and drink my apple juice and watch some boring a** movie I've already seen before
“@GYPSYFREAK11: Gonna watch some tv bbl...lol”b that must of been a really short movie you was watching lol
Throw some text's this way, while I watch this movie or DM me.
Wanna watch a good movie & eat some snacks
Anybody want to watch "A Serbian Film" with me?  Just read some stuff about it and it is probable the most fucked up movie ive ever heard of
peace in the middle east, gonna eat some kiwi and watch this movie, what else is new
Watching some romance movie with Kellan Lutz in it. Just saw that Gamer is on netflix too, gonna have to watch that one
Just whipped up some chicken n mashed potatoes 4 me nizzy ant bookie n the kids now about to watch a movie till later
I want some hot tea and a movie to watch until I fall asleep.
Me nd my cousin boutta watch some movie called malice in wonderland lmao
For some reason I wanna watch a movie
I was gonna make myself some dinner to eat while I watch the movie, but now I don't feel good -___-
Baking some cookies bout to watch a movie
Welp boutta lay down and watch some movie , idk what tho .
guess ill go watch a movie or play some video games so i stop annoying people with dumb ass tweets
I have no time for me anymore ): .I just need to eat some ice cream and watch a movie, I wanna go to the movies alone one day.
About to watch a movie with some very important people
Thank you to everyone who posted with the movies. You are awesome and someone should give you a massage. Go watch a movie with some popcorn!
“@IfUGetWhatIGet_: The collector is some scary shit.” haha that movie we were tryna watch at like 4 am!!!
Guess I'm bout to pop some corn and watch a movie....not feelin it, these emotions, myself or anything right now......idk what's up with me
Omg I'm watching some show cause there's a movie I want to watch on next and some chicks boobs are just hanging out
bbl Im Boutaa Got ummm Mabye Watch a Movie Or some Shit like Dhatt
What's some good shit to watch? I need a good movie that I probably ain't seen
“@RonB1: Not sugar.... Or some bread... The VCR”<< she wanted to watch a movie lol
My mom begged me to watch some sappy movie with her. Against my better judgement I gave in. Not even 20 minutes in, and she's asleep. Nice.
Time to consume some food & watch this movie I've been tryna watch fo like 2 nights in a row.
Abouta watch some scary movie.
Finna put some music on this phone & watch a movie with my sisters.
Okay, my phones dying. My mom wants me to do go watch some movie with her. Tweet tomorrow; goodnight all <3 (:
Gonna watch some 'Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie' after the game is over. =P Long live VHS!
I wanna watch some cute pixar movie...
Gonna Bake Some Cookies, Pop Two Benadryls & Then Watch A Movie. . . ♡
Welp both kids are sleep , I'm prlly gunna watch a movie and cook some noodles or eat doritos idk which one yet hmmm
Gonna make myself some popcorn and watch My Girl. Love this movie<3
But, I don't watch the movie of “Spider-Man" for some reason...  why :/
Umm is everyone @ some movie theater or is beyond scared straight on a channel .. this shows how much I watch TV.. I'm lost.  Lol
gonna eat some nutella with strawberry's, watch a movie & calling it a night :)
Gonna watch Notting Hill, the best movie ever. Love me some Hugh & Julia. <3
Just called me bc you want me to come over, well we know that means..... I gotta get out of my comfy bed to "watch" some lame ace movie...
Gotta find some good movie to watch
I'm bout to just watch a movie, eat some cereal and text till i knock
Gettin ready to munch on some Arby's, watch a Beavis & Butthead movie, and lay low with BranDizzieDog.
Going Home To Put On My Pjs & Hello Kitty Slippers Then Make Some Hot Chocolate & Watch A Movie Till I Pass Out.
About to watch a movie, and  maybe get some sleep later ;) Goodnight sweethearts! :)xx.
Playing some 2k12 then going to watch a movie because I'm bored -__-
Movie Time lol Dat was a nice chillin wit mandem some nice bromance lol  now gatta watch movie allow sleep
Bout to watch some movie wit my brothr! Aint go shit else to do!
"charminprince22: I want to go out,on a date...talk and watch a movie..feeling some kind of way..."
We're pausing our movie night to watch some of the game...this is our life lol
"@OlayDoesIt: Don't worry y'all this bouta to be a movie finish...some remember the titans type ish...watch"lmao ok let's go then lol
What to do what to do, do i read some more new moon or watch twilight movie...
“@_sensibleVANITY: “@iM_JuS_KC: Watch'n some movie call'd Higher Learning” some movie?! Nigga you ain't ever seen it?” nope
Yo I'm bored af!! Waiting on him ta call me!! Guess I'm bta go eat some chesse sticks nd watch a movie!!
“@iM_JuS_KC: Watch'n some movie call'd Higher Learning” some movie?! Nigga you ain't ever seen it?
Bout to eat some ice cream & watch another movie...
Watch'n some movie call'd Higher Learning
I just wanna kick back, drink some wine (or a cold beer or two or three) and watch a good movie
Don't worry y'all this bouta to be a movie finish...some remember the titans type ish...watch
Got these cookies , bouta go watch some shity movie ..
Every girl want to feel wanted and love watch a movie or some and copy some romantic stuff just because
My dad invites us over to watch a movie and he's sitting there trying to pay some bills? Really dude..looks like I'm watching one w/out you
... Drinking, if I were that kind of girl. But I would rather be the girl that would watch some kid movie with my siblings than ...
It's foggy tonight. Makes me want to watch a scary movie and make some tea.
just beat my dad in ping pong for the 2nd time in my life- feelin pretty good. now i finna watch some movie on netflix
Just got home bouta get in some comfy clothes and find a movie to watch .
I think I'll have some cupcakes and milk and watch a movie til I fall asleep! Nighty night! ✌
Dammit la! Everytime on TV is some ghibli movie that's playing half way through alrdy . I want watch new one ! :( from the start too !!
Tha movie wit off, now qotta watch some else!
Waiting on my baby to come home, cook us some dinner, watch a movie, & then go to bed. <3
Chillin listenin to some music bout to get me a drink and watch ah movie ..
Finna pop some popcorn and watch a movie
bout to watch some scary movie, but i need some snacks.
Wana watch some type of horror movie .
what movie should i watch tonight? niggas on facebook gave me some bs! what my twitter fam suggest?
Be back wit more lyrics later , bout to watch some of this movie
Now about to fixed me some to eat and watch a movie
Running to get some food then home to watch a movie with the boyz !!!!
Time to strip off the work clothes, put on some comfy clothes, eat my dinner then cuddle up in a warm bed and watch a movie =)
"Higher Learning" is a powerful movie. Take some time out to watch it. Black college students often experience situations like that.
What movie bout to come on bet next ..some stupid shit watch
Lifetime Movie Network Had Some Good Movies On Today ! Now About To Watch Obsessed (:
Movie night by myself , about to pop some popcorn and watch the help and columbiana
Time to eat some dinner, watch a movie, and fall asleep! SUPER tired! Night ya'll!
Every movie we watch has some random Michigan reference.
I think I'ma watch this movie then I'ma catch some  tonight. Goodnight Twitter, y'all be easy.
Damnit. I go and watch a movie with my family and it seems some big stuff happened. :|
I Wanna Live SomeWere Were There Iss A SunSet I Would Wanna Watch It Like Some Movie Type Shit
About to make some bagel bites and watch a movie ... Columbiana or Rio ?
OKC has some bad body language on the court. They need to watch a movie together. Like miracle or something
Chilling watch this kungfoo movie learning some moves! !!
For some reason I really wanna watch she's the man! Fuckin love that movie.
Why I'm Not Having Kids 4. Gotta take these lil ungrateful mufukas to the movies to watch some punkass movie and pay for popcorn and shit!!!
Home sweet home.....think ima watch a movie. Haha have some blackmale pics but ill be nice
Some girl in my house at boarding school wasn't allowed to watch anything that had that wizard stuff init  movie nights was always stress
I need to jump in the shower n relax finish some more work then watch a movie all with out falling asleep
Some women thinks easy to trust n love. You better go watch a movie for that fairytale shit
I may just go to church and make some hot chocolate and watch a great movie this new years eve! Trying to stay away from the club scene...
im bout to watch some lifetime true movie thursdays
About to watch some non scary movie!
Ima Go Cook some Food For Me & Watch a Movie Or iMight Just ooVoo .
Going to get some Ben & Jerry's so ill be better equiped to watch a movie on netflix...
.... I want to watch The Hey Arnold Movie for some reason.
why I don't watch tv, I turn it on n theres some bullshit sad ass movie w Ryan Reynolds on got me tearin up n shit .. Sweet baby Jesus
Done some Shopping  Now All I want to do is Curl up next to the Fireplace and Watch a Good movie
I want to watch an 8 hour movie for some reason.
I'm about to sip on some and watch a movie!
mom dukes was watch some freaky ass movie rated N for nudity
omg. some boys never leave me alone. no, i do not want to "watch a movie" with you!
Gonna grab some Great nut ice cream and watch a movie in a few..:-).. Relax time..
Bout to get some snuggle time in with buster and watch a movie
Boutt To Watch A Movie.. & Sip Some Moscato((:
anybody wanna come chill and watch a movie or some shit
Sometimes I just wanna chill with a dude watch some bball or a movie and just have fun and laugh..thts all..u dnt have to cash out
if i watch Austin Power Goldmember 1 moe time i knw some i like dah movie bhut dang lol.!
Beautiful bitches, now I'll watch Gossip Girl's episodes and later some movie in some channel. XOXO
I Want To Watch A Movie & Smoke Some . Or Call These Caucasian Chicks Lol
i wanna watch a movie, n eat some potcorn
Well, it looks like I'm not going back to sleep so I guess I watch some vintages movie on HBO
Bout to take a shower , then pop some popcorn &watch a movie by myself(:
My daddy is watching some movie with Aly Michalka in it. This dude will watch anything. Can I get some ESPN on in here? shit
“@vivala_mode:Netflix was made for people like me , people who can watch any movie as long as it has some substance & lesson to be learned.”
New crib, watch a movie, cuz aint nothin on the news but the blues, hit the mall, pick up some Gucci, now aint nothin new but your shoes.
Netflix was made for people like me , people who can watch any movie as long as it has some substance & lesson to be learned .
If we having a movie night Jamie we needa get some bootlegs. I'm not tryna watch no old shit.
“@Tocara_88 I want some liquor chicken & a good ass movie to watch where my GiGi @” woooow ;•(
I just wanna watch a lifetime movie where some white girl caught HIV or got pregnant
Now time to rub on some icyhot, relax, and watch a movie w/ my madre :D
lol okay bye asfhgkjsfjgadhj i have to go watch some stupid movie ugh
At the house home alone part 6 think I'm Finna watch forrest gump and cook some giving myself dinner and a movie lol
Gonna go on that tablet after this movie(: then watch some tv and then go to bed
itz been a long day bout hop in this shower make me some dinner nd watch a movie....
About to cook some dinner & watch a movie on netflix by the fireplace until I fall asleep :)
Gonna cook me some food and then watch a movie :3
Guess I'll make myself some brownies, eat some ice cream, watch a movie and continue to pout like a brat!
I wanna take a hot shower, sit by the fire place, drink some hot chocolate & watch a funny movie!
Do you ever watch a movie where from the beginning you are pretty sure you are gonna cry at some point in it?
today i'm gonna watch some fucking movie haha i wanna see the sun rise haha \õ
why kids always wanna watch some Madras movie.?
Gonna go watch some other random movie i find on netflixx . :x
I'm gettin ready to enjoy some pizza an watch another movie an relax gotta wrk in the am....
I watched some greezy movie on BET today don't know what its called but I have to watch that shit from the beginning
Seriously guys need to watch the movie Hitch and take some notes.
I don't understand how some people can watch a movie & fall asleep. so impossible for me
i need a good movie to watch. i'm about to go get my pizza. i better have some mentions or texts when i return.
Watching some movie on Lifetime.... I use to watch Lifetime all the time when I was in high school
I done forgot some of the parts to mulan lol this is a movie marc would have to watch with me lol
Gonna' watch Inbetweeners movie, find some junk food to eat, make a cuppa' tea to drink and basically live the crazy life.
Bout to watch SCARY MOVIE ! YO SHORTAAYYY GET ME SOME POPCORN ! LMFAO I Love Himmm .....
sick and tired of textin finna turn off my phone and watch a movie or some . . . cause riqht now the thouqht of it is sickening
About get some wine and watch a movie
Imma make some pizza bagel bites & chill & watch a movie
its been a chill ass day.. smoke a blunt, take a shot, play some Wii, watch a movie.. u kknoo what i meeeaaaannnn lol
Gonna watch a movie and cuddle up with Tank and get some more rest cause tomorrow is my sisters birthday :)
I need to watch a movie that will make me bawl my eyes out, they're itching for some tears.
got my teeth cleaned. Shopped. Now fastfood at j's. Then later watch a movie and have some bonding time with cousins.
Watching some scary movie , I swear I'm the worst person to watch one with
Tomorro- getting some stuff for new years eve, gotta figure out what to wear :) then we're going to watch the movie 'new year's eve!' :D
this lady supposed to be taking me to dinner and movie. *looks at watch* i have some of thheeeeeee slowest moving friends though.
Bout ready to watch some nba but my wife want to watch a movie about a nazi war criminal. What to do...
Every1 on my tl is either watching some hilarious video or video chatting and i've been looking for a movie to watch for the past hour kmt
About to cook lay down....watch a movie or some shows....and relax....
That was a good movie bouttah watch some hoops now
planning on having a simple day in, gonna watch a movie, play some video games and maybe even clean my room (yea as if) haha :)
i just want some ice cream and to sit and watch a movie! i feel like i just went through a devastating breakup with my phone
Somebody bring some blunts through and lets watch this Lakers vs Knicks and this Columbiana movie I got from Redbox
I want to cuddle, sip some wine & watch a movie.
Utterly frightened to watch this movie. It looks very emotionally draining. I have a soft spot for some actors;Shin Hyun Jun is one of them.
had a nice hour & some change convi w / my Bestfriend <3 - about to lay down eat my donuts & watch a movie .
I need a movie to watch now and some to eat and drink
Think I'll get some doritos and watch a sad movie to get all my tears out... Hate being such a girl.
Making some tea, laying down and finding a movie to watch hopefully this migraine will go away
ima just watch a movie, eat some cheese cake, chips, candy, jack in the box, cookies, and some tea.
I want some liquor chicken & a good ass movie to watch where my GiGi @
voice gone & I have a headache ... Gonna take some meds & watch this movie... Tml
I want to have a movie night tonight, if anyone wants to stay in and watch some movies with me text me and let me know!
I'm not really a movie person, but some days I just want to lye down, cuddle up and watch a movie :)
I guess I'll just go watch some crappy movie. Yeah, I'm that bored. and all my good ones are in Greenville!
Some movies are just so good that i wish i could forget that i ever watched them, so it'll be like a new movie everytime i watch it lol!
About to watch some movie called 'mission impossible'.
I wanna eat my dinner, watch a good movie, sip some wine and b sleep by 10...
Everytime I come to my moms they want me to watch some damn movie like I wanna be here all night
bout too go fix some milk ( & ice ) with some coookieeessss & watch a movie .
gonna go watch some cheesey movie now; cheer me up a tad
Hmm I wanted to go to bergenfield and watch some flip movie but yeah :/
Cannot watch a will smith movie without expecting some kind of Fresh Prince joke to come up. SMH
Looks like I can't watch my favorite movie, some ass caused the disc to have scratches all over it!
Ain't nobody home, I'm bout too bake some cookies & watch a movie
I feel like getting some McDonald's and going home. Watch a random movie... Better than this shwag fest!
I never went to the movies to watch a movie if I wasn't chillin wit Twon I was getting some action
Bored, it's 10:25am here. Maybe I should do some cleaning or watch a movie? ahaha
Guess i'll do some cleaning and then watch a movie....
Some kind of mother I have lol, she just yelled for me 2 watch this movie w/her, go in there & it's been on a whole HOUR!!
Some bootleggers really suck at their jobs... I'm just tryna watch a movie and shiiiiit
When I watch a old movie I always catch some funny shit that I aint neva notice
eat some food watch me movie..... unu tell me who winn mek me know if me fi pack up me stuff
I gotta lean more about this Wii. I wanna watch some movie on It.
Time to watch some movie!!
Hungry af though who wanna got get some wings and watch a movie with me?
there is some kind of a Bollywood movie on tv. i'm trying to watch it and completely comprehend that i'm actually going to be there in Feb
Got some juice, laying down to watch a movie, waiting on babe to call :)
Finna buy me a movie to watch and eat some popcorn :)
Shower then fry some chicken then watch a movie
Man Bouda Watch Some Stupid Owl Movie Widd My Lil Sistahhh
All i wanna do is: watch a movie, smoke, eat some good food, light candles and chill.
Drinking the last of our Christmas Ale and having some pulled pork sandwiches! Deciding what movie to watch! Moneyball or Captain America?
Maybe I'll invite the girl over, have some edibles and watch a movie.
Woop, i'm gonna be hanging out with some of my cousins again in a couple hours derp gonna watch a movie again or something :3
Any word on the new Tintin movie? I'm about to watch with some friends.
Let's start the day with some movie to watch ☺ ~
Idk what to do w myself. My lil loves are away for the weekend and my Mr. is at work. Maybe I'll make me some pizza n watch a movie!
About done with work. Then home to cook dinner and watch a movie with my dogs haha maybe throw back some brews as well
Cold and have the shakes for some reason. Think I'm going to watch a movie.
For some reason, I can just watch the movie "Amelie" over and over again, and it never grows old.
Bouta watch a movie and eat some chips and dip!:)
Funcie tonight to get some shoes and watch a movie
i think i want some french toast, and to cuddle, and watch a movie <3 .lovely thursday(:
Bout to eat these cookies , drink some kool-aid and watch the rest of that movie
I'm about to watch another movie then get some sleep pretty early !
humm what should i do after dis blunt??...play keyz or watch a movie??...PLAY SOME KEYZ!!!!!!!
Okay, time to have some fun! I may watch a movie. Though I feel like watching house :3 ... Both? Hell yeah!
guess what i'm doing tonight?!  nothing! YAY!  gonna relax and watch a movie, maybe drink some wine. no gym, hooray! scaling back my cardio
Just got back home its just me and Kyra we bout to eat some good Chinese food and watch us a good movie
FSU & Notre Dame playing each other in a bowl game? No thanks. I'd rather watch some bad, cheesy Lifetime movie on a 24 hour loop than that.
Just ate some pasta fagioli and now I will probably have to do something more with the day, like watch a movie. Perhaps Fright Night?
It feel so good laying down in my own bed after a long night/day now I'm watch a movie & I'm try to get some sleep :)
Finna watch me a good movie or some
At the end of term there is always some twat that brings in a movie no one wants to watch.
At last finish my job...:)) i need to go home take a long bath and watch some movie ^ ^
THESE DUDES ALWAYS TRYING WATCH SOME EXORCIST MOVIE! You my man need jesus
Finna watch a movie and catch some zzzz's. !
Bouta make some popcorn and watch a movie
I can't wait to go home and take a long hot bath and watch a movie and actually get some sleep. I REFUSE to go out tonight.
Well since the little 1 is sleep & no reply may as well play with this phone some more && watch a movie til i drop her off later on..
He's just not that into you...some females need to watch that movie
I need a good movie to watch so i can stay in bed and chill. I need some "me" time
About to make me some hot tea... And watch this movie...
Really should watch the movie Paris Is Burning soon. I wouldn't pass up on some 'Executive Realness'.
Going to go and sit in my bed,find some decent food+watch the inbetweeners movie.
Hm...what movie to watch tonight while boyfriend games?  Something classic like Some Like it Hot or My Fair Lady... or something newer?
It's Thursday night, almost time for the weekend! Seems like a perfect night to stay in, watch a movie and order some Domino's....
Nevermind someone had to remind me I dnt have shit to be sorry for......I'm moving on.......now to find some to eat and a movie to watch
Watching babymama. Seen the movie before. For some reason its hard for me to watch movies like this to the end:-/
At my sisters about to eat some hot wings fries and watch a movie
As much as I hate Waiting to Exhale. Id rather watch this than some damn Tyler Perry movie of black women ranting about black men.
What to do next? Shall I watch another movie or shall I kill some things?
Who wants to bring me some food and watch this movie.
Ha thank god, Dorian gray movie is on today. I'll watch it to make up for some of the chapters i skipped because i wanted to live!
Wanna watch a movie with some one...
I need some horror movie to watch
Workouts were good, just had some Gino's, now I'm getting ready to get in the shower, watch a movie, and get ready for this game tonight :)
Bout to watch a movie and eat some food
Yay! There are some Korean people in that movie what I watch on TV :D
I guess I about to eat a sandwich n some chips n state at the walls I got time to watch half a movie smh
okay enough editing for today. I think i am going to go watch a movie and maybe read... who knows maybe some more yoga...
y'all need to watch this nigerian movie I just got..men in love..some really stupid shit tho..
I need some body here to watch dis movie with me
In the mood to watch an MM movie. And have some coffee;(
i wanna watch some movie.....
Gonna watch the TV, maybe this 'depression' will be washed away by some pathetic movie
I think ima go to the movies & eat some cookies & watch a movie.
“@ASH_89_CASH my manager is in the bck watching a movie...” << and yo ass on twitter, you might as well go get some popcorn and watch too
I'm trying watch a good movie & drink some hot chocolate :)
Watching some weird old movie on tv, maybe I'll watch The Back Up Plan.
Watch Some Random Hongkong Movie :(
Had some nice italian food, now going home and watch a movie.......
time to watch some ultraboring movie with umma =.= *sighs*
going to watch some movie :)
Jus Had this spectacular meal next movie then watch some games
I want to eat some chilli tonight & watch a good movie
Finna eat some chicken and watch a movie being a bum all day
We are back open tonight! It's movie night! Who want's to come watch Wall-E and enjoy some gourmet food? Dinner is from 6pm-9pm!
Time to watch a movie, then do my hair, then live some more life.
Watching some prison movie on Comedy Central ! Yall should watch this ! Shit is HILARIOUS !!
I'm finna get some to eat & watch a movie
Dudes say "You wanna watch a movie?" and women say "You want some company?"
rey eat some noodles & find a good movie to watch
Right now watching some unknown movie in TV !! Anyways its cool... so planning to watch the complete movie tonight itself !!
Gonna watch some movie now.
Shall watch some police movie that end at 4 since I cant slp.
Baking some cookies and about to pour me some milk and watch any movie but Easy A! Lol
On our way to ibn battuta to watch some movie.
Do you think calling me to watch some stupid movie is called "FIXING WHAT YOU DID WRONG"?! Are you fucking serious?
New crib, watch a movie cuz ain't nothing on the news but the blues. Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci, cuz ain't nothing new but the shoes !
It is great day to watch a movie, listen to some old songs, and read a book.
After bath than pray (˘ʃƪ˘) ... Tapiiiii,,, wanna watch some movie!!! Oh God... (˘̩̩̩⌒˘̩ƪ)!!!
Time to spend some time with the family <333 gonna watch a movie, bbl
Some fugazy jail movie just came on BET, this is why I don't watch this channel..
Cuddling up with my blanket to watch some random movie on lifetime.
Going to watch some childs movie at the theatre with my gma... Too bad I can't go baked, Running out of tree while on vacation is the worst.
Some people need to watch The Craigslist killer movie so they can understand it's not safe to meet in person off Craigslist -_-
Watch them make some movie bout the world ending in 2020 then everyone's gonna start making theories based on it
New movies? and please gimme some good sites to watch a movie online!
Think imma eat some ice cream and watch a movie.
I'm gonna grab some food & watch a movie :)
About to watch some dumbass Tin Tin movie -_____-
Lmao ! "@OG_meech: THESE DUDES ALWAYS TRYING WATCH SOME EXORCIST MOVIE! You my man need jesus"
goin to watch some movie now and i guess eat a bowl of cereal i guess...
After this movie im gonna watch some Boshment granny
i need some comedy movie , anyone know a good movie to watch ?
Bored af, just wanna go home and sleep! Or lay up and watch a movie! I need some theraflu!!!!!!!!!lAuA
hey wanna come over eat some pizza and watch a Disney movie. and maybe fall helplessly in love? just a suggestion.
thinkin' bout watch some movie...
I be having some crazy dreams...I must be watch to much action movie
Ma guh watch some movie ya now ya man. I'm bored AF kmt
Finally Off Today, Gonna Make Some Food And Watch A Movie!
About to watch a movie , sleep some more, n then go to work !
can somebody reccomend me some good movie to watch???
Hmm... I think I'll try to do 70% of my sections, then watch Winnie the Pooh movie. :> I deserve some break from all this school stuffs. :)
Some plantain to brighten my day :)) & then I'd watch a movie. No more sadness. Screw you Airtel though :P
lets watch some movie.
fuk up some food watch a movie make some music...the usual :D ..
"@LennyB21: Warrior, Greatest Movie I`ve Ever Seen" reallllly?? You need to watch some better movies then!
It's time to watch some epic ation movie !
DulceCaribbean Me, big movie fan too, and im bouta watch Takers and smoke some marijuanajUu3S4
gonna eat some chicken pasta and watch a movie:')
Watch a movie. Play some games. Have an early night. Lie on my bed and just listen to music.
Babysitting the lil one today gotta go make him some breakfast then maybe we'll watch a movie the do a quick mall run
For some reason I wanna watch the movie Holes
i'm laughing out loud.. just watched Rush Hour 1 n 2, didn't take my dinner yet, so i'm gonna get some food n watch the third movie! oh yeah
JGH! from Sm just watch some filipino movie. d talaga ko naatract parang nsayang pera ko :( wew :/
I should watch another scary movie. I need some popcorn & maybe a few friends. Lol
I just finished watch pictures, it took me 2 hours. Now I will watch some movie. Love :*
(I Want u to come chill with me before you go. Watch a movie or some maybe have S**...) some shi like that.
Looking for a good movie to watch to kill some time
It's great to watch some comedy movie, cuz it can make us feel happy, laughing all the time, and we can forget about all of our problems
Some things just came to my mind and I refuse to sit or lay here n think about them so I'm gonna watch another movie
Ya chesa blomo ntate! RT"@KayGee051: this heat is on some other level,let me just kick back and watch a movie"
sometimes a movie can inspire you so much :) this one was on loyalty and faithfulness :) hope that some jerks did watch tht movie --
I can't watch the inbetweeners movie at some moments :L
Horoscope tells me to curl up with some cheese and crackers and watch a movie.
Now i wanna watch some type of scary movie /:
Shall find some random movie to watch while I read Burned, haha.
I was going to write a song tonight... But I think Im just gonna make myself some popcorn and watch a movie.. Then knock out
i think i might be done. somebody give me a good movie to watch.. just throw out some titles
Gonna go make some popcorn and watch a movie! Can't sleep to save my life and people are asleep!
We're watching some movie that you would watch in school
The position I'm in right now calls for some head while I watch this movie
Planning to make myself some soup and watch a movie in bed :))
Finna watch some lameeee movie until I fall asleep ....soooo goodnight (:
Bout To Watch A Movie And Sip On Some Apple Juice
I gonna make some biatch watch this scary movie with me
