Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go ..
Girls are the reason guys are assholes. They take a good guy willing to give love, and fuck with his emotions. THUS RUINING IT FOR THE REST.
New year :D another good reason to get rid of people's numbers ;)
On top of that the new year is a good reason to want to make changes because it's a new year new beginning new start it is what YOU make it
@#tarheelnation i am pissed in the heart of SEC country- someone stole my UNC liscence plate!@##$$% good reason to shop for more Tarheel Mem
It's one reason that good leaders learn to follow first. God gives the platform. The leaders job is to steward it for God.
one good reason to cry ; I just ate my last pot noodle
Last night wasnt any good . To top that shit off I had a dream of percy for some reason ? /:
I feel like im gunna burst into tears for no reason today is supposed to be a happy and good day WTH is going on?? x
This is a good thing, as more space in beer cupboard = more opportunity and reason to buy interesting beers!
I got money so thats a good enough reason to buy the things I buy
Everybody I cut off I had a reason to cant let yall messy good for nothing ppl be my downfall
Good vibes. Raise your energy. No matter how big your problem is, there's always a reason to be HAPPY. :)
Crystallization is good!!! Without that there be no reason to smoke that!!!
Everything happens for a reason. Ppl change so u can learn to let go & sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together!
"@BoiiMeetsWorld: Mistletoes and NYE isn't a good reason to be a hoe.."
Can't find any good reason to stay awake.
Ohemgeee penny rides tonight in chicago!! More of a reason for everyone to go out and have a good night :)
If u have no good reason to be speaking to me then I rather u not say shit to me !
So am i still waiting for this world to stop hating, can't find a good reason .can't find hope to believe in
Why i bother sometimes? Idk. Jus to be nice i guess...not a good reason tho
Your lips that have spoken good shall also hold reason to give thanks."
Post Office too damn long for me to be picking up probation letters...why can't it be long for a good reason
"Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go"
Not going to wear anything special for tonight cause there‘s no good reason for it :)
"we decorated the room with toilet paper!" "why?!" "cause i wanted to."  ."when did that become a good reason?"
For some reason I feel more excited about the coming year...its going to be good year.....I feel it....
But aye tonites a good reason to get stoned
He let damn near two years go to waste, for no reason. I brought out the good in him, not on purpose but naturally ;)
Good workout this morning, thought I was bout to die for some reason...
Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best.
Her ex is funny too. No good reason to hate or be mad at him
Playing A Day To Remember all day for good reason XD
i swore that after iwan rheon said he was leaving misfits i wouldn't watch it...but matthew mcnulty is a damn good reason to keep watching
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd be much better if you let go.
Ok just got done feeding my bby now me and him about to get our day started for some reason I fell so good today
I think this past year is good reason to go to bed early tonight;P
To stay up or sleep... I guess I'll sleep no good reason to stay up...
One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time
Why does my ma have to b all EXTRA, for no good reason?
I like to think why people make new years a huge deal is just to give themselves a good reason to party! For me, its just a change of year!
I Give Every Guy A Chance Until He Gives Me A Reason To Think It's No Good. Once You're No Good In My Book It's No Goin Back.
So am I still waiting, for this world to stop hating, can't find a good reason, can't find hope to believe in
People stop making fucking excuses. Injuries are NOT the reason we lost. The players available were good enough to win. FACT.
Mistletoes and NYE isn't a good reason to be a hoe..
 Good Morning WorldIt Shouldn't Be A Reason To Complain If You Reading This B/C You Are ALIVEThank God 
I want to go vegetarian. The rest of the family won't but I'm beginning to think that reason isn't good enough.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
I've had to cut out a few things I didn't want to .. But all in good reason .. This time next year it won't even cross my mind! :)
Last night I think I had a good reason to be mad.
RT"@blaq_dean: Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best!"
Not so good to dwell on the past though bc there is always a reason why it's your past... Let it stay there
Wishing you all a good New Year. Another Reason to go out and get drunk :)
Life is to good, and you are the reason ♥
i've finally found a good reason to come home
I have so much to do today, but my bed feeling extra good this morning for some reason.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will...Amen..be blessed
Whatever happened, has happened. I believe it happened for a good reason. It was meant to be...
I forgive and move on....for some reason people think forgiveness requires them to be back in my life..I just finally let go the good & bad
I was in a good sleep, until my mom decides to wake me up for NO reason !
Fancy dress tonight, good reason to where my prom dress again :)
It is enough of a victory, the fact that we got here. That's good enough reason to celebrate. So do celebrate! Happy new year, everyone! :)
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance for a break that would make it okay there's always some reason to feel not good enough
I really just woke up from a deep ass, on ass sleep/ nap ! It was good and think I could stay up for now to later if I wanted but no reason.
Dam good thing I don't do grog but the cops seem to be attracted to me for some friggin reason either I'm hot or my car is think its the car
Has a screaming fiancé next to her. Scared, but it's for a 'good' reason.
Last RT a good reason to stay in too!
Thank you Blackburn you just gave  me a good reason to celebrate, Come on City # Happy new year all city fans this year was decenttt!!!
Not like I'm going to be late, anyway, just arriving later. And I had a good reason! :P
Imma look to good tonight for no reason =)))!
I hate being ill, although it is a very good reason to stay in bed all day :) hehe
Have every reason to smile this morning :-) on that note good morning y'all
A good reason to tell your teacher if your late for school " My mum lost the key to my cage " works everytime.
De Gea is just not good. I can't understand his selection at all. No reason to rest a keeper here...
Today/Tonight has got to be good , i refuse to be upset or sad for any reason
Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best!
I got one good reason to keep you on your feet
My phone autocorrects morning to Mormon for some reason. "Good Mormon" .. "What a beautiful Mormon" .. "Mormon sex is the best sex"
Dont feel like I need to cut people off. If you have been cut off, i'm sure there was a good reason behind it
The only reason why the Yak is scoring is because nobody else for Blackburn are good enough to score, but they can still make play for Yak.
Money money money, only good reason to not sleep
I have a strange urge to try out eharmony this weekend. Someone please give me a good reason not to.
Forget About All The Reasons Why Something May Not Work. You Only Need To Find One Good Reason Why It Will.
Don't like to make a cheap shot, but sometimes "but Sydney can do it" isn't a good enough reason.
One good reason to catch JE Countdown: to see Kame's new hair LOLWAT
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will
i think its stupid if you hate on someone without any good reason to
To clarify: Good Reason did come back OK but Tobeluckyenough has not survived his fall
Got up way to early on a Sat for no damn reason, but good morning twitter world
YES! my boy got a good reason to like the heat!
Don't take money or materials to make a good time, just a few drinks and a reason to laugh
Today will be a good day because bacon and eggs are going to come together with pasta, and for that reason alone, today shall be called good
something important that everything is a Dream because without dreams we do not have the inspiration to become a good reason for a live ♥
Ain't nobody got no good reason to go to the mall this early.
Unlike some people that go and get the most pointless tattoo's and have no reason or purpose but it look good to them, !
There is no good reason for any midget to be unemployed at this time of year.
You say don't go , yet you haven't given me a single good reason to stay ~ =)
good morning to everyone who is for some reason up this early. (y)
One good reason to celebrate yoyr countdown at Butter. To see fireworks!!
Not going to fucking happen buddy! If I told them to fuck of it was for a good reason! And they need to learn some respect for other people
Back in laandan town... The reason I know is because I'm on a packed smelly bus with ringtones and screaming children. Good to be home!
"I'm just allergic to people who get noble prizes for no good reason" -sheldon cooper ♥
um, wow. just cause you just became a trainer does not make you a speck better than anyone. way to be a huge bitch for no good reason.
Someone like to suggest a good reason to tell my mam as to why she should let me have a party tonight..
for some reason i find myself wanting to talk to you everyday now…not good!
Stone hasn't really made a good film in a long, long while so there's no reason to expect this to be any good
Having no reason to stay is a good reason to go
With every new year, we are getting older. Not a good enough reason to celebrate.
Thanks EDF for trying to put me onto some crappy budget plan I don't want. Been meaning to switch for ages anyway, now I have a good reason.
Everytime we good we never good,she just aint got a reason to komplain
So am I still waiting for this world to stop hating can't find a good reason can't find hope to believe in.
Give me one good reason to stay.
Heading to the Mountains to ski. Some reason I thought this was a good idea.
Staying inside on New Years eve is kinda sad if you don't have a good reason to - if any of you are ... don't .. go out and have some FUN!
Most men are incapable of commitment. Kudos to those VERY few men that don't shy away from it. U are the reason good women still have hope.
Good Morning. Up for no reason cause my mama not even off work yet. So back to sleep I try to go.
New Year's Eve is a perfectly good reason to have a day off revision.
It's possible that pledge may end one year, but as long as it's still good to me, then I don't have a reason to not support it.
Waitrose are trying to sack me for allegedly reading some x-rated literature on the job. Such allegations better be made with good reason!
I'm trying to keep a good attitude about the situation but I swear you make me so mad for some reason honestly everything isn't abt you!!!!!
You know I look way to good to be trying that....I'm conceited I got a reason
omgggggggggggg One Direction just gave me a good reason to forget about kpop ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  fjasnfkasnfklnalfnaf
New year is a good reason for him to send me an email. :( but i know he won't do that :'(
Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best! Happy New Year guys! ^_^
But for some reason, this time, you can't seem to settle down for a good night's sleep
A man is not worth your tears, however a good man will wipe away your tears, never give a bad reason to cry.
Trying to think of a good reason not to leave the house today.
You smoke. That's good. Another reason for me not to like you much romantically. :D
let's be honest the new year isn't gonna change anything but it's a pretty good reason to block people out of your life!
Is “everything happens for a reason” supposed to console me? All I know is a “reason” exists, but not whether it's good or bad.
Aye, A good reason to have a fresh start. I have my short and long term goals straightened up. I hope i won't fuck this time. :>
I got one good reason to keep it on your feet I got another in the back, home in the seat
selling my parents and grandparents house is not easy,  going to pay up my brothers mortgage from the sale, thats a dam good reason to move
I do nothing. Still some fags hate me for no good reason, it just goes to show that I'm better and I can make look like shit anytime.
Hahahahaha that's the whole reason for haunting y'all. Not supposed to be doing good deeds and ish O_o
“@SayingsOfGirls: Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go.”
You need a very good reason to lie to me.
But always thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best! ♥♥
The only reason I stayed in the hotel today was to watch the game. It better be good. I'm sure it will though. Quite confident. :-)
I slept on my jeans and shirt. Reason? So I didn't had to wake up early today. Did it worked? No, my grandma didn't know xD So good morning.
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go.
I hate it when people divorce for no good reason. What ever happened to 'Till death do us part'? Marriage isn't a joke.
Actually this year wasn't so great. I can't think of one big reason to why it should be good.
Liking you is a good thing. Is there any reason to hide it? :)
"why not" is never a good enough reason to have sex with someone
Found a good reason to check my mail ...
I mean, the world might end. Is that not a good enough reason to legalize mary jane? Let's be reasonable.
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd be much better if you let go
Hey, at least there's one person in the world that gives me a good enough reason to be awake so early. #
xo_kissMYpink if you just being you isn't a good enough reason to stay then they shouldn't be with uSxu
Zelda: Skyward Sword is NOT long in a good way... It has so far given me little reason to LOVE it - But a lot of reasons to be frustrated.
She better have a good reason as to why she " blow'd me zown " while I was sleep ...........
It is pretty annoying to be awake this ealy on a Saturday.  For NO good reason.
& My Mother Finds A Reason To Do All These Things While I'm Sleeping Good !!
I don't consider the change of a digit in an arbitrary number reason for celebration, but it is admittedly a good excuse to get drunk.
and tomorrow, I'm gunna listen. to that voice of reason inside my head, tellin' me that we're no good.
I need a good valid reason to drink. Not a big drinker.
"@DeborahGGFilmz: Don't worry about people from your past...there's probably a good reason why they didn't make it to your future."
It also gives me a good reason to get up and stretch my legs!
A good message for a good person, from a good friend for a good reason, at a good time on a good day in a good mood to say, "Good Morning!"
You say don't go, yet you haven't given me a single good reason to stay...
The reason iPad has no camera is that there's no way to take a good pic while laughing at how goofy you'd look using it as a big ass camera.
I got one good reason to keep you on your feet, I got another in the back
ada drama best tonight (macam), another good reason of not going out to count down. I don't like crowd anyway. woohoo!
Babe went to sleep, so theres no reason to stay up now. Soooo good night.
Now I remember:I had more than one good reason to move to the UK O-o
They wanted to beat that niggas ass ....with good reason. That boy hit the stride on em tho like an antelope
And the fact I lost my aunt this year to a smoking/alcohol related disease is a good enough reason to make me detest both.
No one cares about Rutgers here. For good reason, too. No one wants to watch a medicore football program.
“@UglyNipplesTho Cause it's a new year is not a good enough reason to go get boo'd up... sorry”
I Wish To Revoke Some Good Memories For Some Reason ,I hope i Can Manage To Be The true Me Again
I can't find a good reason to get out of my lovely snuggly warm bed.......help!
There's no reason for me to be up anymore...good night.
One person I know who's genuinely nice is Hannah F. Even if she's going to be bitchy she'll probably have good reason for it.
So sleepy! Bit of an insomniac at the mo... But at least there's a good reason not to sleep early tonight!!! *love NYE*
Smart phones are a good reason to never play Quelf
Nothing to do except FYP. Good reason to start.
Up for no reason. Maybe I'll go back to sleep. Sounds good. :)
The only reason people celebrate new year is because it's a good reason to party till morning, and wake up late the next day.
Well I hate to be woke up but it was for a good reason
I feel that all the people I should talk to I don't but it's prolly for a good. Reason!!!!!!!
honestyhour im real confident when it comes to my sex game, and i have good reason to bejPX
Countdown to the new, good reason to start drinking
Tomorrow I'm gonna listen to that voice of reason in my head sayin your no good
K I'm tired of drinking for no reason lol maybe my new years resolution will be to drink on good occasions lmao.
sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd be much better if you let go.
Well if I wasn't doing homework , what would I be doing anyways besides sleep ? I guess it's for a good reason to be staying up ^.*
Maybe sometimes its good to just cry it out for no reason :/
You know, out of everyone who apparently hates me, at least my liver has a good fucking reason to.
Smh i forgot to save shawdy # nd shawdy was Good >> lls. I guess shyd happens for a reason.
Have no concrete reason Im eager to work in oversea. Somehow is not good at all. I could say wanna work around my dearests. That's my life
Whatever made you sad today, forget it. Tomorrows a new day and try to find a good reason to smile. It'll help you. Don't dwell in darkness.
Too bad having the desire to die is a good reason to be arrested. LOL
For Some Reason ALL My Ex's Are Still Addicted To Me,, IGuess You Can Say Ima Good Ass Girlfriend :D
the next chick that give me a good reason to trust her ima change her life and mine
I'm not clingy, I wanted to see you, but I guess that's not a good enough reason, wanting to see my gf.... "ex gf" That makes me a lil bitch
King prawns, touch of chili lime & verjuice... nice with Tassie bubbles & friends from all over the globe. Love a good reason to celebrate!
Sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were but i guess changes happen for a reason good and bad .
Suppose waking up really tired isn't a good enough reason to call in sick to work :(
Lady Nancy Astor~ One reason I dont drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will. . .Robert Anthony
RT “@DeborahGGFilmz: Don't worry about people from your past...there's probably a good reason why they didn't make it to your future.”
The only reason you talk to me is because I have a good reputation, so, ironically, I can't let you fuck that up. Come on bitch, please.
I hate being forced to hang out with people im not fond of by my friends.. Like I'm a good judge of character n dnt like them for a reason..
But there's a reason that NBA scouts are salivating over Chris. He has what it takes to be a really really good and consistent PG
I wish I had a good reason to be fat & lazy
There's a good reason these tables are numbered but Manuela is too rytarded to think of it.
Pulling out weed to mee is like its a pot of gold no reason why I would grab that. Good shit fire it up fire it up
No reason to stay is a good reason to go
I Hate The Reason Im Leaving Chicago But Its Gon Be Good To Get Away For A Few Days
"Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd be much better if you let go."
why the new year has to come? any good reason for it?
things are starting to get bad. YOU broke up with me, HE hates me for a selfish reason. :( hope things will still turn out good. GV!
What we do privately & personally, whether good or bad, affects the people around us very definitely; reason enough to walk in integrity.
People wonder why certain things happen to them..they happen happen for a reason and most times for your own good.
I want to believe that everything happends for a GOOD reason
And a good reason to lose sleep over, because somebody might have broken into the yard.
I'm assuming he's bleedin for a good reason. It was probably a lady who cracked his foreign nose and said 'welcome to ny' lol
My mood went from good to shitty, for like no reason.
Everything that happened this year has a good reason to happen and a good lesson to teach for the new year.
thank goodness! i was waiting for a good reason to unfollow youuu.
Every good girl's got a real good reason to believe in breaking all the rules sometimes
I hope that the reason & once I talk to him and explain that's not what I meant by that then everything is good & our relationship is fixed
Ice cold water late at night always taste so good to me for some reason ?
It's never good to have another nigga be the reason your girl smiling vice versa. If you trying to get her/him be willing to keep her.
Nikki just said boys are only good for bringing u down and giving u a reason to get shitty and shop extra lol love her
This means all this time you was frontin on me, all my suspicion was for a reason, & I wasnt just being crazy. Good to be the backup plan =/
Sometimes the tears just come down; I can't help it. This is me, showing my weakness to someone who shouted at me for no good reason
Katanya pengaruh jomblo, tp i think it's not a good reason, it's ok to be single kok.. :)
For some reason Paul masson doesn't taste good to me anymore idk why tho
No reason to stay is a good reason to go.
Suppose I said, colors change for no good reason..words will go from poetry to prose...
For some reason I woke up in a really good mood today. I've managed to keep that good mood all day. I like this.
RT “@heyitsRICH: Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best. :)”
one more note..i hope he go get his lil girlfriend too cause i been wantin to whoop her ass.. i just need a good reason
Well, it turned out I had good reason to just ignore her. Broken English, had to piece her sentences together to make it coherent.
nigga im sooo flyyyyy i got money so thats a good enough reason to buy the things i buy
My baby went to sleep "/ . Soo I have no reason to be up . Off to bed I goo . Good Night Followers ^__^
Cause I have every good reason to
I dunno what to think anymore. As you can see I never quote my pastor anymore... theres a good reason for that.
There is always some reason to feel not good enough ••
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.....---
in heaven, reality teeters like a bead that falls to one of two great lies concerning faith vs. reason, good vs. evil, and its lack of grey.
was quieter than usual tonight... but for a good reason. i've got a lot of great changes to look forward to. Trusting the Lord is key
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
People need to be more appreciative of the good and bad....everything happens for a reason.
When random good memories come to you for no reason >>
forget about all the reasons why something may not work. you only need to find one good reason why it will.......
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go."
For some reason whenever something good comes along I always find a way to destroy it :s
I want one person to give me a GOOD reason on why drugs are useful.
“@DeborahGGFilmz: Don't worry about people from your past...there's probably a good reason why they didn't make it to your future.”//Preach!
My phone's charging. If you text me and make me reposition in bed to text you, you better have a good fucking reason.
No reason to hold a lie in the truth makes things easier for good or bad
Someone said they wanted to punch me in the head. Welp! They had a good reason to thooo(:
the same reason you fuck yo bitch face to face . cause it feel good .
If I had a good reason to go, I woulda went tho
If i dun wanna go out shd have good reason one right? Then you still forcing me to go out. i wont starve, thrs food at home hello!?
they were pretty good friends and used to go out barhopping together. This should be reason for someone else to handle the examination.
I shout "jazz hands" on to the album version of "There's A Good Reason...." because Live In Chicago, fuckers.
New year eh? A good reason to get super sloshed.
I am still awake for no good reason, listening to Chiddy Bang.
I'm going to try it again...there is no reason my phone should be ringing anyway...*breathes in* and good night.
I hope y'all realized that I strongly dislike this Shay Misacura girl; and I have a good reason which isn't allowed to be said on twitter.
I dont know why my parents feel so stressed, there really isnt a good reason for them to be..
Is there ever a good reason for a married man to not have his wedding band on?
My dad doesn't think warped tour is a good enough reason to delay my going to ottawa... Erm yeah no
- theres always some reason to feel not good enough
No reason to stay is a good reason to leave
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it's much better if you let go.”
OK I'm going to sleep now, I feel good tonight for some reason
: Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go.
Always be thankful to God for all blessings. Good or bad, there's always a reason and it's always for the best! :D
If your gonna get mad because i don't text you fast, atleast have a good conversation going on then you can have the reason to bitch
I hate it when I am having a good talks with people and then they just stop talking to me without a good reason. DRIVES ME NUTS!
Tomorrow I'm gonna listen to that voice of reason inside my head telling me that we're no good.
I Thank GOD for both the good and not so good things that happened to me this year...Everything happens for a reason.. :)
there was one reason why i haven't gotten a real job , but idt its good enough . so i'm going to go job huntin asap
If your girl gives you good head amd great sex...no reason to cheat
While I'm at it, I've been whining all week. And trust me, I've had good reason to, I've had some really tough life changes lately but I
I hate it when bitches are like "Why'd you unfollow? :/" Like bitch, because its my fucking blog, but no I have to give you a good reason
For future reference...just know...my shit takin meter is at an all time low...u better have a good reason for me to deal with it
What is evil anyways? Is there reason to the rhyme. Without evil there could be no good so It must be good to be evil sometimmessss lmao
It feels good to get random hugs for no reason. Nothing like the kids to remind you what love is.  I think I'd forgotten.
For some reason I feel like this is a good time to watch Hoarders, Beyond Scared Straight, Infested, or Intervention!
Going to sleep with a reason to feel wonderful. Good night. :)
not feeling to good ...only online for one reason and one reason only
I'm sure there is a good reason for UGI to be drilling outside of the house right now, but I don't want to hear it. I want to shoot people.
Wow! Batman Begins is actually a good movie! To think I always thought for some reason that it was boring...can't wait for the new one!
When I give up , I give up for good.  Not for no reason but because I'm already emotionally unstable, I don't need more emotions to deal wit
Apparently "too cute" isn't a good enough reason to return a gift.
Disrespect is always a good reason to fight
People who think you want to be them. Why tho? Give me ONE good ass reason as to why?!
For some reason my dad thinks it's a good idea to take me off my warm couch and out into the cold to sit by a fire. The fuck is he thinkin??
OMG  GUYS THE REASON I WENT TO THIS ACCOUNT BECAUSE THERE'S A BUNCH OF DIRECTIONERS ON MY OTHER ACC GOOD GOD
I'm mad, and I actually have a good reason to be too.
I'm doin good no reason to mess up now
A lot of stuff happened over this break, bad and good. But I guess things like this happen to me for a reason. But I don't get it
there's a reason they say good things come to those who wait.. learn that & you'll be better off.
I'm in a good as mood for some reason I need to go pop them pills but I'll wait
If there is any GOOD reason for me to NOT start smoking again, speak now or forever hold your peace.! *waits for response*
They Rushin To Be In A Relationship On New Years Fuck That ,, Good Things Come To Those Who Wait Which Is The Reason Why iStill Got My Card
It's not just about being remembered. It's about giving people a good reason to remember you.
Creepy shit with all that staring. No wonder he was so annoyed, guess he had a good reason to be.
if a guy wants to be with you, he would. he wouldnt make you wait months. Unless he has a good reason.
IF YOU ? IT NOW WHICH MEANS YOU BEEN WANTING TO ? IT JUS NEVER HAD A GOOD REASON I LIVE AND I LEARN
Always be thankful to God for all blessings good or bad, there is always a reason and its always for the best
I am one with good memory&for some good reason God wont allow me to remember certain things..#TripsMeOut Trying to remember makes me nauseas
When you're good at something people for some odd reason expect you to do it for free. WTH? Naw I'm good. F u pay me... Show me the money!
No Matter What Anyone Says To Me , I'll Always Have A Good Ass Reason To Do The Opposite Of What They Say.
Give me a good enough reason to care .. .And trust me i will!
Using my aforementioned reason re: determining a good workout, the dude on the treadmill next to me was definitely having a good workout.
Pretty sure I'm the reason that everything good that happens to me goes away
iS THIS GOOD REASON TO SAY OUR "POLICY" IS OPEN LINE GIVEN THEIR RECENT POOR BEHAVIOUR GLOBALLY AND POOR COMMUNICATIONS
Maybe I'm just to cool for my own damn good. But I'll never change because that's the reason everybody eff with me.
So.. Im totally in the mood to do drugs.. Any good reason not to? . . ............ . .Ok it's settled then!
"She says give me one good reason not to empty the heart of all its zeros and ones..."
you've gave me a thousand reasons to stay, please don't give me a reason to leave, because when I walk away, it's for good.
Just because u single doesnt give u a good reason to a hoe, u cant be bopped out all yo life!
I'm the best at messing things up, I swear. Find a good guy and choose to walk away for no good reason other than fear.
Friend told me "He does have a good reason to be defensive doe" . *sigh*
i go off on people sometimes, but that shit dont be done just to do it, ill have a pretty good reason .
I can't stand one of mine.. The nigga think he look GOOD!!! Nappy head fucka is conceited and don't even have a reason to be.
Its Hard For People To Get Over A Relationship Because They Always Start Thinking About The Good Times But Always Forget The Reason It Ended
I hate when I'm in a good mood and my eyes start to water and cry for no reason. Wtfs wrong with my body, lol
Lookin' Good And Always Tryin' To Look Cute For Some Reason Isnt Going To Get Your College Diploma!
Had a good day and u start getting mad at me for no reason I dont wanna be here im bored dont u want to be alone with ur wife -_-
For some reason when people talk bad about me they forget to mention the good shit.
Sometimes y would like to ask God WHY? But I know he has a good reason for everything that's happening (:
Cat: "I'm just going to sit here and stare at you, purring at the top of my tiny lungs, for no good reason."
Ay ay I have no reason to be on twitta tonight and you people no give a fawk what I say-o. Good day
In my opinion the bulls have every reason to win..clippers had a good lil lead they lost too bad...yea I said it
“@MorgannAlexiss Haha I hope tomorrow night goes good, I wanna reason to dress up an look extra cute.”
Everything happens for a reason. Whether it ends up good or bad it's meant to happen.
Haha I hope tomorrow night goes good, I wanna reason to dress up an look extra cute.
for some reason i really wanted to buy one of those nike shirts outta champs but the cutest one said "it feels good to be king"-___-
I should take my brother home so I have a reason to shop a little
I wish people would stop treating a new number for a year as a reason to expect people to all of a sudden have common sense, it won't happen
Adieu to the past....I made mistakes and learnt from them...I have no regrets watsoever, wateva happened, happend for a reason..cheers...
The only reason I want another child is so my Kam can have someone to play wit bc she giving her stuff animals/dolls a hard time
There is only a few people that have seen me as a bitch, but other then that if I have no reason to be one, I won't even think of being one
...now, I have no reason to give a fuck
yes, theres a reason you have never seen me in weave, because i dont wear it to school, and thats the only place you ever see me. duhhh. -_-
The fact that I have to be sitting for another few hours is killin me .. My tailbone/pelvis I a wreck for some reason
A Year That Has Removed So Many People From Our Lives Is Finally Ending. Reason To Celebrate, Everyone Have Fun Tonight
I guess I have a reason to get sloppy drunk tonight
No, I don't want to go to dinner. Excuse me? I don't have to have a reason it's just no! (-_-) Happy New Year, sir. *walks away*
One reason Google+ will crush Twitter. Twitter seems to have only one desktop server in a San Francisco apartment that always crashes.
Everyone takes part for one reason, to have a prayer answered
I believe fate brought us together for a reason and I believe it will bring us together again, but I have to think about me.
well he's didn't stick up to his promise so I have a reason to be mad. And I expect an apology within the next hour.
Awkward moment when you have to reject a guest to your boyfriend's new years party without using the reason...you're just a twat.
I hate feeling like a third wheel in RP, especially when I have no reason to. New Year's depression FTL.
Wish I could have called in. But I really don't have a reason to.
Call me a bitch but why does new years have to be the only reason & time u decide to change?
I'm pretty sure she left that at my apartment so she'll have a reason to come back..
Of course I'm gonna beep at you if you're not gonna use your turn signals. We have them for a reason, not to cause an accident.
WOMEN need a reason to have s_e_x ........MAN need a place
WOMEN  need a reason to have sex........MAN need a place...#iwana blunt and drink some wine with ma girl and remenise
You don't wanna here what I have to say then don't look, I have a separate place to vent for a reason.
If you are fortunate enough to have a job, don't YOU be the reason you find yourself unemployed. If you have zero people skills.....smh
I hear a lot of things about you, but I'm still here even though I have no reason to be.
"@drewskiiii: NOTHIN is worst then a broke bitch yall have a PUSSY its no reason for yall to be broke everything men do is for the PUSSY"lil
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
It may be warmer out but that's still no reason not to have a nice log fire
“@MsLolaFancy I have to constantly remind myself everything happens for a reason.”
When life gives u a thousand reasons to cry, show the world u have a million reason to smile..:)
NOTHIN is worst then a broke bitch yall have a PUSSY its no reason for yall to be broke everything men do is for the PUSSY
I'm single for a fuckin reason if can't come better then my ex ima have to say next!!!!!!!!!;
They have to have a reason to want to come back and read more of your Tweets
There actually is a legit reason I'm not going in to Sears: I have no voice and don't want to get everyone else sick. :(
When your reaching you dreams, you have a reason to brag.
Going out gives me A reason to buy new clothes...I have to buy new stuff or I just won't feel right.
Twitter seems to be struggling with new year tweet volumes. I'm struggling to think of a reason not to have beer.
I don't have a reason to care anymore *shrugs*
You have to have a reason to smoke?
I might go to bed early tonight. I have a feeling next year is gonna be worse, no reason to celebrate.
My mind sumwhea else really man fuk a bitch if ain get horny wen have a reason to touch a bitch
im so ready to start school so i can have a reason to get out this damn house!
Since everyone has an iPhone I have no reason to tote a clear case CTFU I think I'll get the most inconspicuous case on the market now lmao
Morning!! Don't have a reason to be up but I am.. It's cool, finna start the day I guess...
Phone!Internet still isn't working, therefore I still have a reason to get out of bed upon waking. Brilliant.
I have no reason to jus up & change becauz it's a new year , that's fake ! You live & learn everyday , I'm jus blessed to see another year !
Truth is, there's always going to be a reason to be sad, you just have to find a better reason not to be.
MOST OF YALL WAS ONLY GOIN BC U HAD NO CHOICE THE OTHER HALF JUS BC SO NOW U HAVE A REASON NOT TO
Yay now I have more of a reason to get white girl wasted tonight! Weeeeee
I wasnt lookin foward to christmas at all but now I have a reason to...vBTDb
New years resolutions are for people who dont have the will power to do something without having a reason
For Some Reason I Have A Feeling That Some Of These Roxbrough People Are Going To Get Booked
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom but we simply have to trust his will. :) ♥
i could've lied, but there shouldn't be a reason to have to lie
get in blackburn, i now have a reason to go out tonight and celebrate!
A deserving birthday present for fergie; now he can have a better reason to drown his sorrows
I guess it's a crime for me to use the car, so I'll just stop asking to use it and then no one will have a reason to catch an attitude.
Going into the New year I don't have any regrets..... Everything happens for a reason! Going further I just want to make myself better!
Tonight is just a reason to be extra drunk and have a hangover that's twice as bad tomorrow. Tomorrow is just a day like all the others.
"When God is your reason to live, you will never have a reason to quit."
God told me to let go everyone that don't have a reason for being in ky kids life
I have never, EVER, found the reason to all that hype over a new year. Matlab why bhai? What for? Its one year closer to buzurg-dom.
.... Well.. Avan made my year... but I and the most of the other Jogians have a reason to say that... Dx...
And here is the reason I never want to have a daughter...
For some odd reason now that I have a goal I seem to not be able to find things to tweet about.....
There's a reason young ass girl aren't meant to have kids. Not saying I'm grown or know it all but pick up a pregnancy book, bitch.
If there is one thing that breaks my heart, it is that I will never have a reason for a pass to do research in the Library of Congress.
‎"When GOD is your reason to LIVE, . .you will never have a reason .. .. .. .. .. .to QUIT."
I guess I do have a reason ; need to clean this house and get ready for tonights shindig..
Happy New Year! A new year, a new reason to smile. Have fun, and be safe on the roads :)
I want a smoke so badly. But i have none. there's another reason to cry yay for my life
for some reason when im in a car i gottaisten to rap music , cs tht sad love sick music will have me noddin tf off
Tesco delivery driver just failed to find our house. He was on the right road. THE HOUSES HAVE NUMBERS ON THE DOORS FOR A REASON.
Must you have big boobs to get noticed -_- ok maybe sha bt still nt a reason to do soo
Well, u do that :))))))) so next year, the first day of new year, i have a reason to cursed u~ >"<
OMFG SO JUSTIN NEVER SAID "IF I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND MY FANS WOULD BE THE FIRST TO KNOW"  PPL USED THAT AGAINST HIM FOR NO FUCKIN REASON OMG
Yeast Infection – The reason Everyone?: So you imagine you then have a yeast infection, therefore you wish to know why me personally?...
“@faroooda: “@LIBRALYAA: Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place .ههه .يخرب بيت سنييييينج .مرجوجة .من الوفرة لي بنيدر راح اييكم
Any heavy problems that you face today, while you still can breathe, you have a reason to smile ...
Going to bed late again, but I at least have a reason for it this time. Time for lots and lots of sleep.
Roney the only reason I don't have a car....but now it's time to get my own shit cuz I have the money lol
Your the reason i dont have a new years anymore, and your trying to make ME feel bad? HA!
Don't even have a reason to why I'm awake so early.
If I don't have a reason to speak to you I'm not going to...call me whatcha want....
DessBaddAss hell nawh, i have a reason to be up lol but i  am listening to musicjPU
Ppl make up anything to have a reason to wild out. Dats so fake. If dats wat u wanna do, do it!
For some reason I have a lot of things to say
why is it that when i have a reason for it my fake tan looks terrible but when im not intending to get my legs out it looks decent?!?
Seriously unimpressed with Romans. I see no reason for them to have invented such a pointless language.
Woman have two pair of lips for a reason, for a man to please them
Lol I have a reason to be awakee. What is your excuse?@FrassCatMandi
I have to constantly remind myself everything happens for a reason.
My room is a mess (no reason to clean it). I still have make-up on. I think I might be the cover girl for the next Terrifyer CD.
We define working capital differently (someone got to be the contrarian) . The reason is that you must have a way to connect the behavior o…
Going to the hospital for the dumbest reason ever. I'm going to have a blast :D
“@LIBRALYAA: Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place .” . .ههههههههههههههههههههه .يخرب بيت سنييييينج .مرجوجه .
da_trader Awesome. Sounds reason enough to have a new event - Linner Parties or Linner Dates to name
Dear follower who sees this tweet. I hope you have a reason to smile today.
And it's compulsory to give a reason as to why I want to remove my fb.... I just wrote "I don't have friends"
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place .
errr Have you ever eaten and thought shit I forgot to wash my hands! because you know there was a reason you were meant to wash them
I shouldn't have a reason to feel so lonely, fuck. I want to have someone else's life tonight.
I always have a reason to praise Him at the top of my lung.
I invited the neighbors instead, since M and C cancelled.  .So I still have a completely valid reason to drink as much wine as I please!
I hate how neutrals hate Man Utd and have to justifiable reason for it, just because they are a big club.
Why does my dad feel the need to keep killing my jam..there is a reason I have earphones in stop talking to me.
I love people who keep a smile on,even if they have every reason to break down♥
I have a reason to get dressed up today ... ! : )
want to go shopping, not that i have a reason too as i will be sat at home with my parents tonight. fucking woo.
I don't like waking up this early for no reason. Luckily I have a big ole bag of goodies to occupy myself ;)
His reason - any other player would have thrown a strop when a big money move was denied and refused to play.
have some strange reason to make Rin into a rookie air force pilot...Too much Ace Combat Unsung War I think
Want to Gtf from NC but I don't have a reason to go back to PG  now
now i have a reason to cry  :'(
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place
Thank God for making me and my entire family wit tweetpeeps to see the end of this year, we have a reason to thank God ...
Every day I have a reason to smile, and that reason is you :)
New Year, New Me.  Ok guys, now you actually have a reason to complain about this goddam statement
I don't have a reason to be up right now.
God assigned my mum to me for a reason shes been my rock and she saves the day once again that's why ino I have to do it big for her
I was a fool,now I only fools wit you I don't have no reason to lie
New years is just a reason to get sloppy          Drunk and have sex
I hope you always have a reason to SMILE :)
I have a big reason to be madddd
And tonite I have a solid reason to let him go..
God has a reason for allowing things to happen,we may never understand his wisdom but we simply have to trust his will!!!!
Here's a reason why I want to avoid New Year's Eve crowd: to have my butt touched or pinched by an anonymous individual.
When females pretend to b tipsy just so they can have a reason to b slutty<<<<
God is not the reason bad things have happened to u. No its not a test from him to make u stronger an no he's not tryna prove a point.
Sometimes the prays god leaves unanswered, it's for a reason  you just have to trust him
You don't have to ask my permission to text me lol. The number is public on my Bio for a reason.
Absolutely no reason for me to be up this early on New Years Eve...gonna have to take a nap later...
This year was pretty shit, too many downs then ups. Hopefully next year will have more of a reason to live!! Ha! Roll on tonight!!!!
Can someone explain to me why i am feeling sad? I mean i dont think i even have a reason to be sad but the feeling is just there.
But he was in the hospital so he has a reason... Still, he should have said something. And why am I ranting to you guys? No one cares. xD
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Sleepless nights don't bother me, I just would like a reason to have a nice sit-down dinner every now and then. I like to cook :)
I don't have a dude so there is no reason to lie , lbs & so that means I can do as I please (:
I dont have a real reason to be Up this early .. My Mom loud Ghetto Ass -___-
These tourists jogging in the middle of the road kill me. The resorts don't have sidewalks to a reason. Go to bed bitch, you're on vaca
Again people actually have a reason to not like the year. Your attention seeking, over reacting ass can get to fuck.
So true >> "Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~ John Di Lemme
Dear whoever is reading this. I hope you have a reason to smile today........ ˇ⌣ˇ  Happy satnite guys , n Happy new year ​​​​\(˘▿˘)/
I don't have trust issues ..its either I trust you or you have given me a reason not to ..✌
If music was my mistress,  .I'd have a reason to sing. .No my darling if music was a woman,  .You'd just be a fling!
Now I have a reason to celebrate a happy new year. Cheers everyone. :D
the only reason why I have you on facebook is to laugh at you, I mean come on your picture is of you covering your face with a camera.. lol
Weak men, that dont know how to handle a real woman is the reason so many women have trust issues.
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
another reason to have a glass of wine today.. for marvelle;)
So I have no reason to stay in my bed but also have no reason to get out...hmmm what a predicament :p
Okay, yesterday's relatives never did arrive.  Just have to have a party instead - must have a reason for tidying the house
can't wait until i'm at university than i have a reason not to celebrate new years eve and christmas and just can study.
I now have a reason to behave in Twitter.
Some People Don't Change w/Out A Reason, They Change Because You Might Have Hurt Them, So Ask Before Jumping To Conclusions Or Judging.
My life couldn't be more fucked up right now. I don't even have a reason to life anymore.. He was the only reason...
Especially if uon even have a reason to beef wit nobody just bcuz
but I guess im going to sleep now because I don't have a reason to be up anymore..
My head is bangin right now. I should have had a drink. Then i would have a reason to have one.
I'm mad i have to leave florida now. I had a reason to stay... Smh
It's rather lovely, not being in work for once on a saturday, for no reason. Shame I have to work tomorrow instead :(
Wakin up early+people tryin to have a convo wit me+mom yellin for no reason = tamia in a super bitchy mood -_-
staying home tonight where i know i wont have a reason to run from the cops lmfao
I mean, I even said "I dont want to wait until the beginning of the year, when I can start today", but I have always found a reason not to.
can't be the reason, they have a reason not to believe...
there doesn't have to be a reason anyway ..!
Uncle Billy Joel singing she's got a waaay! But there doesn't have to be a reason anyway!
Unless I have a reason to.
love when every single person I know thinks they have a reason to be mad at me when they were the ones being the assholes in the first place
I need a dog/puppy. Why? So I'll always have a reason to go out to jog. -________-"
Smh there's a reason why I'm single and have been. A relationship takes a lot, which I don't have to offer just yet.
It all happens for a reason, you just have to understand that reason.
The New Year itself is an anti-climax. Oh well, just a reason to have a party and get smashed
There's a reason I don't date... I have a tendency to brake things.
Dear whoever is reading this. I hope you have a reason to smile today :)
Maybe the reason why you have to stop loving a person because fate chose both of you to be friends, bcs it makes forever is more possible
“@BieberTriplets Dear whoever is reading this. I hope you have a reason to smile today.
my wee sister is being an actual cunt today, i'm sure she doesnt even have a reason to why she hates me so much.
Dear whoever is reading this. I hope you have a reason to smile today.
Women need a reason to have sex, men just need a place#FollowMe
When God is your reason to live, you will never have a reason to quit.
you don't have to like me but i didn't give you a reason not too.
The reason why a gay is so successful in life is because they don't have a woman to screw their happiness.
They say I'm conceited for no apparent reason and then others say I'm conceited and I have a reason to be ?
Some ppl are just there for a reason.  You just have to find it
„When life gives you a hundred reason to cry, show life that you have a thousand reason to smile.“
Never underestimate the emotions and feelings of a female. In most cases, we have a reason to trip.
Yay, I have a reason to stay up today cos of the fireworks HAHAHAH at least i wont get told off :)
Amber Cole is the reason why Im afraid to have a daughter
Wanna go to sleep but for some reason my mind is clouded..& I have a brainfreeze
i never thought i'd have a reason to delete someone i accepted or requested on fb,until this week.
I need to get a job so i have a reason to go to sleep lol
But its gonna be a new year soon so its just a reason to have a fresh start on everything
At least I have a reason to stay up
The only reason I listen to Gold Radio is for the phone calls with crazy old women who have a crush on the presenters. They are marvelous.
Urrrgghhh have to pack to go back to Manc. Not feeling this new year at all and for some reason I have a really bad back =[
When somebody says things and doesn't have any reason why they say it..I get a hunch they say that to everybody
I hate when you have a thousand and sixty reasons to leave, but one small reason keeps you holding on.
wish all dhis shit aint have to deal w/ my heart .. could have picked a different part of my body lord .. but everythin happens for a reason
I want to have a kid on new years so that way I can have a third excuse to party. Cause you know mexicans just LOVE to party for no reason.
"@YeeezyTaughtMe_: Gonna try & go to sleep, not like I have a reason to be up anyway lol" you should stay up and talk to me. ;)
People have my trust until they give me a reason to take it away.
Gonna try & go to sleep, not like I have a reason to be up anyway lol
i have no reason to have a phone, if theres no one to text :c
i hate when people say "fuck the police" when they don't have a real reason to say that. like, stfu.
I Don't TRUST Easily .Because The People .I Have Trusted In The Past Gave Me .A Reason Not To...........
People have shit fucked up. Having a baby is the LAST reason to be called a hoe unless you don't know who your BD is.
I absolutely dont have a reason to be up
More than likely she's still there for a reason, he giving her some type of attention, us females have to be the smarter ones
New years eve , I'm truly blessed to have got this far , rest in peace to those who aren't here! Your in this world for a reason , go hard.
Idk I want to leave him alone but I don't have a reason to , I think I'm getting bored .. But we have fun together :/
Faith is not a reason. Uttering "because I have faith" only changes the question from why do you believe to why do you have faith.
The any reason I don't have a girlfriend is that I'm going off to college so why build up the pain of leaving
Atleast I have a reason to stay in my pjs all day today
People are always gonna talk, regardless. Sometimes they hve a reason& they don't. All you have to do is keepin walking w/ your head high
if anybody ever call the popo on me, they gonna have a pretty darn goood reason to come
- I actually don't have hard feelings for anybody I use to talk to... There is a reason for why they never got past that point in my life.
just another reason why i need a bf, I wouldn't have to worry about being stranded alone at an adult party..
I wouldn't have missed my bus if I hadn't rolled a fag. Another reason to quit.
I seriously don't have the right to insult you this way, but you always give me a reason to. I end up hating you. But then I realized...
Even if things go you have to believe that things happen for a reason.....
"There's no reason to have a Plan B because it distracts from Plan A." -Will Smith
Shit I don't even fight bitches just cuz its stupid. If I have to I will but I know it ain't gonna be over a stupid reason.
The reason music sucks now a days is because they have only one thing to talk about and thats the government and they're scared
When life gives you a hundred reason to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. :)
Reason I'm glad I have a car. Not to wait for a bum ass cab in the cold
Stopping being insecure you know ill never cheat on you cus you do me right and I don't have a reason to.
.. Actually, no I wnt cuz I have a more important reason to b home then any reason I cld come up with to be in the streets. :) gnight
If all you have is leaving I'm gonna need a better reason to write you a love song today
I never thought that I would have to justify a reason to continue on in this life I lead.
I always find myself nitpicking at the little ish they do...or say so I can have a reason not to get serious...smh
If I had oomf laying next to me I'd have a reason to be up in the middle of the night, lol
i think the reason why the naked ppl in greek portraits have small parts is bcuz its suppose to emphasize a man or woman far from sexuality.
But for some odd reason we have a snow storm im deff not trying to be snowed in alone
Do not play a single feeling. If it does have doesn't make any sense, it is better to be honest. Don't be so reason someone gets hurt.
I'm So Nice, &, Sweet, But Fxck It, I'm Getting Played, Ima Just Date Fxcking Jerks, So I Have A Reason To Be A Bxtch
“@I_Go_Balls_Deep Up like I have a reason to be”
Up like I have a reason to be
Lol I don't have a reason to cheat*
Nick said the coach ain't have a ride home yesterday, so he took him home. The only reason was for him to give him some PT now, lmao!!!!
That's true.. but.. I have a reason to be.
I don't have reason to celebrate. I feel it's just a day as any other so I might as well celebrate any other day I wake to see.
there was a reason why I retweeted you.........I have no reason to text back! lol
I don't let ppl dog me, then open the door back up so easily. I do what I have to for a reason its my buisness.  If I want u to know ill say
I unfollowed you for a reason so I didn't have to deal with your constant bullshit. But people like to retweet every tweet of yours. 
I miss Florida, Im stressed and have no reason to be, it's three o'clock and I can't sleep no matter what, and Im bouta have a panic attack.
Niggas just looking for a reason to have your name in their mouths
I have a reason to be mad, upset, to take this all out on you. But all I can think about is making you happy..
For what reason do you have to get that drunk? Look a mess that night AND the next day?
Another reason why i would love to have a girlfriend
The shameful mistake that i have made just now taught me to do better in the future :) everything happens for a reason
Theres always going be someone who is going to want to bring you down, but you have to realize that you are above them for a reason.
Amber Cole has to be the top reason to not want to have a daughter.
If you dont have a reason to be happy...abeg kill yourself bcs dats reason enof
There is a reason for EVERYTHING. Some folk you HAVE to hold on to...
the second reason is cause they're having a conversation with a person that seems to have more interest that you
EVERYTHING for a reason. There's things you have to learn!
Have a blessed Christmas!  Don't forget to put "Christ" in Christmas...He's the reason for the celebafof
is super hyper for some odd reason...I should be sleeping considering I have to go to work in a few hours -_-
Heartless is the best way to be , until you find someone to make you have feelings, & feel like you have a reason to date/ love ^__^
Your the reason I wake up in the morning. . . Sikee I have to take a piss (x
Most girls need a reason to have sex . Boys just need a place
there's really no reason to ball that hard that uckers can't find u. u gotta be seen by them to even have a career
You don't have to accept me for who I am. Im who I am for a reason and not for entertainment!
The next one I get that's sensitive ima just go ahead and chop his shit off so he can have a reason to act like a lil bitch :/
I have no reason to be nice to a person who has no respect for me or life and thinks I'm just gonna hop back on their train. No!
don't give them no more chances, oh girl they had their turn. everything for a reason there's things you have to learn.
Idk y people have to act a ass Sum time for no reason
In heard times, we have to remember god has a plan for us and there is a reason he does what he does..
And if i say something LISTEN because i rarely lie. If i do i have a definite legitimate reason to do so
I have a reason why I'm not bringing any of my book or my note to my home B-)
I wouldn't over think if I didn't have a reason to
But yu wnt have a reason to,*)
When i have thousands reasons to give up on you, i always have a reason to keep holding on. And the reason is you.
Im not gonna beg you to stay if all you have is leaving ima need a better reason. .
The only reason why I DON'T have him on Facebook is because, HOES now a days like to steal peoples boyfriend, my ass learned my lesson.
The entire trailer park smells like marijuana, oddly. It's nauseating. And for some reason I have a strong urge to watch Time Bandits.
I do believe we all have a reason to live. I just feel that we get to define that reason. That is life. Finding reason.
Abortion is wrong. There is no damn reason to kill a innocent human being. Idgaf if you gonna die if you have the baby. Selfish bitches.
Everything happen for a reason!Found that I left my bag at Chatime and have their number to contact because I took the delivery broucher
I have trust issues. Especially if you give me a reason, I'll hang on to it.
The reason we're OTT is we're a nouveau riche nation, insecure so we have to flaunt it. Why am I answering my own q? I'm blaming ex-PM Rudd.
There's no reason to have a friend or two now
Have no reason to imagine a more total attention which is not my fault
She's a myth that I have to believe in.. All I need to make it real is one more reason.. I don't know what to do
Fa some reason i have a little bit more hope today, ill be alrite my life has yet to start and my future is bright,
Women need a reason to have sex but niggas juss need a place!
why do people call each other if they don't have a reason to?
I have reason to believe that ur a premature crack baby...
Well going to bed..don't really have a reason to stay up
I have multiple Twitter apps on my phone so it goes off more than once when I have a notification just so I have a reason to check my phone.
I don't have a single reason to be sad..
Im finna cut so mny people out of my life that it aint even gonna be a reason for me to have a cell phone...lbvfs
Bbm is so waste.. The fact that ppl have to r/d bomb you just for no damn reason is stupid, there's a reason ppl msg so fuckin reply.
I have a reason to start over new.
a woman brought you into this world , so you have no reason to disrespect one . .- tupac .
Thank God Joes coming home and I'd have a reason to be up partaaay
These are the nights when I'm fueled to go out and do bad things cuz I have no reason to give a f*ck obviously
Missing home..more than I ever have! There's a real reason to stay home now! But this trip is very legit! I know going home willbe hard too
We stay up late , just to be up. Most of the time we don't have a specific reason.
The only reason I have a twitter is because I like to say I'm tweeting. Lol.
excited i get to bump my business casual wardrobe game up... not that it needs improvement... but at least i have a reason
If you're wanting a follow back, reply to me! Don't unfollow, the only reason I haven't followed back was because I don't have internet.
I have a reason to hate you. That is cause you hurt him and he thinks your the one but really i deserve him not you
Don't be mean unless you have a reason to be.
“@Imani_Lynette: i sometimes ignore what pple b sayin to me bcus i dnt have a reason i jus dnt listen shit”...shut up !! Lol
I don't have a damn reason to come back from idaho now (: Not one. And no one would try to get me to stay.
trying to convince the wife to let me have a girlfriend.  she's not buying into it for some reason.
I have a reason to be happy.
i sometimes ignore what pple b sayin to me bcus i dnt have a reason i jus dnt listen shit
Daaamn, I'm mean. && I have no reason to be. Just like you be a major flirt, && no reason to be.
I'm sad, yet I don't have a reason to be?
girls girls girls there's a reason why guys have balls dont try to grow some jiss have ur pussy alone
I don't have to have a reason y i do shit i just do it
I don't even have a reason to still be awake.
Just played my guitar and sang for actual people for the first time... And yah, I have a reason to have confidence now. (;
You have no right to bring up some one's past for ANY reason. You wouldn't want it done to you so don't be a bitch /:
i thought i didn't have a reason to be sad...but i found it. and it's personal shit that happened years ago but i still feel it today.
If a nigga get mad for no reason, he tryin to have a reason to cheat! Kml learned that from Maury!
Everybody's just a stranger, that's the danger in going my own way I guess it's a price I have to pay stil everything happens for a reason
Had to retweet that cause it was random & funny to me. I have no reason not to trust a nigga with the last name after a soap tho
"I heard you didn't have anything to do tomorrow so me and my friends need a lookout/DD tomorrow. You down?" Only reason people talk to me.
if you don't it will show... b/c excuse after excuse you will give a reason as to why you can't get it! so it must not have been that great!
I aint even have a reason to say what I just said .
RT"@TawagCEO: God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust His will."
U just dont say stuff just to say it u have a reason y u said it!
there's a reason they have tons of rules and tech to preserve blood: if you don't do it right, it gets really gross
i feel like if you have a pretty ass girlfriend & she wanted by many then thats even more of a reason to treat her special.
I have no fckin reason to lie abt not recieving a fckin txt message.
"I should have given you a reason to stay"
I dont have it all figured out, i dont have much figured out but im completely alrite with it. I dont need a person, drug, or reason to help
Females Respect Yourself And Us Males Wouldnt Have A Reason To Call You Bitches Hoes .
wemon need a reason to have sex men just need a place.
LMAOOOO UNLESS WHAT!!!! hahahaha yo ass dnt have a reason to call me a hoe! i aint one of these other girls talk to!
"All of my life, in every season, you are still God. I have a reason to sing, I have a reason to worship"
I'm Going To Wear The Necklace That Says Love  .All The Time .So I'll Be Reminded That He Loves Me .So I'll Have A Reason To Be Happy:)
On an unrelated note, I wish I had a ballista and a reason to have a ballista.
When you reaching your dreams than you have a reason to brag
I really don't have a reason to be up.
...you have a unique heartbeat. That has to be the reason why we love like gravity.
Can't sleep? Drink soda. Now you have a reason to stay up.
Don't really have a reason to catch myself tho cuz I'm single as shit nd not talkin to a soul but ill behave myself
I have a bet to stay up , thats the ONLY reason im up right now.
If You Don't Like Me Call Or Text Me About It, If You Ain't Got My Number Then You Ain't Gotta Reason To Have A Problem W/Me.
Just give her permission so I have a reason to be mean ;)
God knows what is the best for us. So everytime you have to face something that brings you down, there must be a reason why.
If i decide not to do something, i will almost ALWAYS have a reason for it.
you don't have a reason to be pissed. i do, because you don't freaking understand what i feeel.
I guess I have a reason to call of work tomorrow
&& this mf walk around mad @ the world , wtf yu' mad for ? yu' don't even have a leqit reason to be mad , just mad bc yu' wna be !
Waking up early to clean in the morning so Ma won't have a reason to keep me in the house.
Life is like a game of Pac man if you still have a life U have a major reason to smile cos U can still WIN
Missing my grandparents and coach mudd I  to god cause he says everything happens for a reason just gotta have faith in him!!
The only reason they still make Androids is so IPhone could have something to compete with.. Wouldn't want a monopoly now, would we?
I tend to be in my feelings a lot but I have a fucking reason to be . -__-
There's a reason why this show didnt work out. God's got a plan for me, and I have to trust it. Not taking bitterness into the new year.
Idk why loneliness falls upon you or why you question if you're with the right one, I never have given you a reason to doubt...
=o whoa, my own brother just flaked on me tooo?! lmfao. alright man. Now i have a reason to be upset.
Love gives you a reason to live, a reason to laugh, and a reason to cherish the moments you have
.well since RCC ain't jumping like pissy mattress anymore , i honestly don't have a reason to be up !
if you don't respect me then i really don't have a reason to respect you back
A day in life if you have the opportunity to meet and really know everything about me, then the song will know whether or not the reason ...
i poured my heart out, and asked you to keep it safe, but for some reason i have a bad feeling you're gonna do the complete opposite.
Everyone says, "things happen for a reason" honestly somethings don't have a reason.....  I'm trying to figure out it happens!
sometimes I think he's lying just so he can have a reason to see them.
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust His will.
EveryThing iDo Is For A Reason , Just B/c People May Not Know Why Doesnt Mean You Have To
CoderTrader even through automation, you have no reason to do this...only swing trading a large posi
&whadya think of me?RT@fibiay:I have billions of reasons to like, love and hate people, they just don't give me a reason for me to tell them
Knowing that I'm not gone have any friends next school year is a even better reason for me to do what I gotta do and graduate.
If I could go back in time, I still wouldnt have changed a thing. Everything happens for a reason. And I'm beginning to see that reason...
Everything about me gives you a reason to leave.. You have to much faith in me..
Everythings For A Reason That's What Yu Have To Learn .
Ion have a reason to hate...
Jus Seen This Tweet From Yesterday That Basically Said I Was Lying About Goin To A Party. I Have No Reason Lie About Somethin So Damn Weak
Be thankful for your trials. If you're being tested, you're being perfected. Which means you have a divine purpose and reason to rejoice!
- gunnnna go finish doing laundry and watch a sad movie so i have a reason to cry. nighty night twittta freaks.
I dont even have a reason to be awake right now
If i dont like you , i dont like you ? Like obviously i have a reason im not just gonna decide to have beef with your dumbass outta no where
Iont have a reason to be up tonight
If I ever get drunk, I'll have a reason to completely embarrass myself by dancing and singing horrible to INXS - Suicide Blonde. Too bad I
Seriously...I wish just one day I could have a reason to smile...I can't believe how miserable and alone I feel this very moment...:(
i hate to be bitchy bt if you dont trust me, den oh well! You dont have a reason to not trust me, so im not gone BEG for your trust...fu ...
I have no reason to not have a fresh cut now...
Is there really a reason why you need to tell the world how many kills you have and how many random dicks you sucked? Nothing to be proud of
Why would I have a reason to hate ? I'm doin my thing and you doin yours !
Ion do or say shit to anybody this chick don't even have a reason to dislike me SMH
I'm sorry, I going to say what the hell I want. I use love Smooth,KING and Maxim now I hate for a reason. I can't have the women on there.
The only reason why I still have a fb is to creep on people when needed.
"@BeautifulBrizzy: Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place."
EVERYONE has a past.. people change. the only reason to judge them on it is if they fail to act any different than they have before.
I may not have a single reason for u to love me, but i hv endless reasons why i love u.
Give me a reason to get even I be the odd one and have yall in disbelief!!
I Really Be Keeping it A Bean With These Females. I have no reason to Lie so idgaf
Weird dramatic night yet glad it happened Things always happen for a reason U just have to let it play out so that u know what the reason is
“@ERecklessAF I have trust issues for a reason , and these hoes continue to confirm my reasons .”
Everything happens in your life for a reason. You just have to be strong and have faith.
If your girlfriend is pretty and a lot of boys want her, that's just another reason to treat her right. You've got what they can't have.
Is there a reason why none of you have facetimed me yet um hello I believe I commanded you to
up late for no reason but whenever I have a reason to stay up I always fall asleep.
I don't really have any regrets, things happen for a reason, the stuff that's happened to us in the past that make us who we are now.
I'm always saying I don't have friends. Truth is, I push them away for a reason. Because if I wanted to make the effort, I would.
Have any of yall had a person that you KNEW wanted to fuck u but just wouldn't for some unknown ass reason?
I have billions of reasons to like, love and hate people, they just don't give me a reason for me to tell them
Never be afraid to speak your mind, we all have one for a reason.
Just smile' ! No matter the moment ! U always have a reason to smile! ;$♥
I have no regrets for this year... everything I've done and everything that has happened to me was for a reason and it made me stronger
I have trust issues for a reason , and these hoes continue to confirm my reasons .
Some parents have to accept the fact tht ur not a kid anymore..... yu make grown decisions for a reason
If your not in a relationship or legit talking to someone you have no reason to get mad at little things
You really have no reason to be acting ghetto when you're being brought up in a lovely house where your parents are still together..
I would not flip out unless I have a reason to.
But I'm gunna be cool about it. And I'll always try to have a legitimate reason for everything I do. Just like I do now.
A lot of songs on my iPod and phone have a special reason why I listen to them a lot
Folks just lookin for a reason to keep shit goin. Go ahead and press tht unfollow button Plz and thnk u. I don't have time for tht bs
What reason would two grown women have to leave the house, go out in public, and go into a bar dressed alike???
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it would be much better if you let go .
you have a phone for a reason, learn to use it...
I'm tired, buuut I don't want to go to sleep, buuut I don't have a reason to be up.
For some odd reason im attracted to gingers. Lmao. But they need to have skater long hair not a buzzed cut.
Shower flow then off to bed. Ion think I have a reason to stay up any longer...
I wish things didn't have to change, but everything happens for a reason
I love how high my standards are and there's a reason why they are so high because I have a lot to offer.
I have no regrets in my life. I think that everything happens to you for a reason. :)
It takes a lot for me to apologize, bc most of the time I have a reason for what I do so I'm NOT sorry. But this time, I really am..
if you plan to vote for Obama just cus, you're a coon. Do some reasearch. Of course if you have a valid reason id like to hear :)
Annoyed AF since when does my dad not trust me. I have never given him a reason not to trust me. That he knows of anyways. Ha
thinkin bout goin to sleep.. not like i have a reason to be awake.
My babe need to call me for i have a reason to smile
I cant party just because all the time. Sometimes I need to have a reason .
Found out I have food intolerances to dairy, yeast, soy, and chocolate. Why me? Someone please give me a reason to keep living.
Its no reason to do all that, if you have a problem speak in it!
I'd jus like to say all the friends that I do have.. Yu made it this far for a reason... I love you guys..
Only reason I want a girl is so I can give her a boy name. And I want her to have an older brother lol.
I have no reason to ever get lost with this phone it has a fucking gps !
Have you ever cried, because you want to go somewhere hella bad and your parents say no and they gave you a dumb reason why you cant.
The saying that everything happens for a reason, i still havent found the reasons & i found out that u have to work hard for what u want
I have no reason to spread hate over a social Network if it was that serious i wuld def meet u in person trust me u dnt wanna see me!!
My lil cuz got me hooked on Words...used to hate, but there's really no reason NOT to have a casual game of scrabble going at all times.
now I have a reason to go upstairs
All I'm saying is that if you have to ask through your status for people to chat with you on Facebook there's a reason you got to that point
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We mau never understand his wisdom,but we simply have to trust his will.
At least you had one.. I never did RT"@alohabro: I don't have a reason to stay up late tonight. not anymore"
Everything in life or death has a reason. Sometimes you just have to find meaning through the suffering.
Sometimes you just have to keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
Damn man.. thats fucked up.. i wonder do i have a reason to be mad about that?
I know cuz I need a Reason to Have another Party.
Stop snitchin my a$$...stop doing 'ish' then I wouldn't have a reason to call the cops.
I'm working on NYE tonight instead of eating baked ziti while being surrounded by drunk women... I have a reason to be mad
I almost texted just to show I care the least , but then I remembered I don't have a reason to .
I have a reason to why I say stuff.
And so I have to say before I go, I just want you to know, I found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new..
i hate when people have a tweet with RT if you "insert stupid reason to RT"
