Just finished my last driving lesson of 2011. Enjoyed this week with all pupils making good progress and lots of fun :)
2011 good bye I had fun memories with you....most of it.... :)
...wealth, happiness & love ♥ Cheers to a new beginning & a new year. Good-bye 2011... Hello 2012!!! Have fun & be safe always.
Good morning world. Last day of the year so pick up a bottle & a blunt and have fun!
12 Months happiness, 52 weeks fun, 365 Days laughter, 8760 hrs good luck, 525600 Minutes joy, 31536000 seconds success, Happy New Year 2012
GOOD WORKOUT! Tht was fun and productive :)
There were bad, good, interesting, awkward, fun, unexpected moments. What we learn from these moments is what matters.
Mom:"hey! What are you doing?!" me: nothing. Mom: ohh cool have fun sweetie! Why is she in such a good mood? Did I miss something?
Happy New Year Everyone!!! I'll be fast asleep at midnight.... Hopefully! Have a good fun safe evening xxx
Follow it is good fun@X_JesusChrist_X
I hope erryone has fun tonyt!! God bless and be safe...2012 is looking good 4 all of us :-) happy new year in advance
Good morning (and afternoon) tweeters! Last night was fun...hopefully tonight will be even better!
My wishes in 2012: 12 months of happiness, 52 weeks of fun, 366 days of success, 8784 hours of good health, 527040 minutes of good luck#amin
Still having much fun with index cards and hole punch. Good thing I don't date. I'd hate to have to explain this to a potential partner.
Been a good fun day again
This year has been a good year tho I spent it with mostly people that annoy me BUT.... Without them, my year wouldn't be fun!:D
HNY. Wishing u good time,good health,good cheer,all success in the next,have fun in the new year. very very HAPPY NEW YEAR :') lov. Eurnq
Wishing you 12 MONTHS of Happiness, 52 WEEKS of Fun, 366 DAYS Success, 8784 HRS Good Health, 527040 MINS Good Luck and 31622400 SECS of Joy!
Life is Good , Life is lovely , Life is fun , Life is Horizonz
I wish u all,12 Month of Happiness,52 Weeks of Fun,366 Days Success,8784 Hours Good Health,527 040 Minutes Good Luck,31622400 Seconds of Joy
Good morning everyone. I hope your last day of 2011 is fun and safe. Spend it with the ones that you love and they love you in return
Bad Boys Aint No Good  Good Boys Aint No Fun
Good bye 2011! Cheers 2012! Let's have fun na!
Today is guna be a good day but its guna be an amazing night a night to remember.. Everyone have fun and be safe tonight love you all
Good morning stl! Its been fun but now I must go and rock this new year out!
Good morning and Happy New Year's Eve! I hope you have a fun and safe night!
" bad boys aint no good . & good boys aint no fun " <<<
Good morning, happy new years eve! Tonite should be fun
Heeyyyy!!! Good Morning Everyone! Rise and grind! The COL has kids' events scheduled for today! Lots of fun and games! Call 580-402-2008.
Bad Boys Ain't No Good, Good Boys Ain't No Fun.
its a new year, time to celebrate! 2012 should be fun cant wait! had the best time ever let the good times roll and may they only get better
Mary J said it best- Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun...
2012 » Not only fun time, but joyful heart. Not only wealth, but health. Not only good, but the best. Not only blessings, but God's favor.
Bad boys ain't no good. & Good boys ain't no fun. !
Bad Boys aint NO Good , Good Boys aint NO Fun , . . .
If you never did you should, these thing are fun and fun is good.
Bad boys ain't No good=Good boys ain't No fun
Wow what happened last night????? Has too much fun (I think) woke up in a good mood.
That boys no good, but good boys are no fun.
Good Morning to everyone in have a safe n fun new years
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Wishing you good books, health, precious solitude & fun with family and friends. THANK YOU for being there, and for reading!
To.. All Happy New Year 2012 Wishing u happinessGood HealthGood fortuneGood timeGood peaceLove & Funin the year of the Dragon ^^
Good boys ain't no fun .
My Wishes for you in 2012 .12 Mths of Happiness .52 Wks of Fun .365 Days Success .8760 Hrs Good Health .52600 Mins Good Luck .3153600 Secs of Joy
Bad boys ain't no good n good boys ain't no fun
Trying out something new for New Year's Eve. Going to the Make a Wish fundraiser New Year's Eve party with some good friends. Should be fun.
Having fun, gettin fucked up, is a good feeling, but it comes a time when you hafta grow up, all that other shit comes last...
I'm good all by myself, lol I really don't NEED other people around and I can still have fun
I mean that sounds good not fun 
So much for my fun idea of visiting the zoo today, they are closed. Good thing I checked the website first!
Happy New Year, everyone!! So good to see that everyone's having fun tonight! ☺
My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck!
New years eve, It's so special. Not cuz of the massive fun, becuz yu can start anew. I hope all a good dizzay.
A new year wish for you... Wishing you surprises, fun, excitement and good fortune in the year... Happy New Year 2012...
Didn't end my nite rite but its all good I had to much fuccn fun......
Had a fun nite last nite meet new ppl too that's always good
Eastern market for some good old family fun!
Good morning! Anyone have any fun New Years Eve plans?
Off to see the new Sherlock, Yes I know it's more like Victorian Steampunk Indiana Jones but it's good harmless fun (I hope)...
Good morning...  Start off NYE with pooring rain... Fun fun 
Oh, and I also started playing Portal. That's a good game. And Dungeon Defenders. Which is adorable and a ton of fun.
Good Morning ,Have Fun today !
Bad boys ain't no good.. Good boys ain't no fun...they say....well I must be somewhere in between
Bad boys ain't no good , Good boys ain't no fun.
Anyone have any good new year prediction questions? First time making predictions & I don't want to leave any fun ones out!
I've spent my whole life(except this past year)being a bad girl. Yes, being bad is more fun,but my life is pretty amazing now,good is great!
"Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun"
Make 2012 the year of good health,love,fun,lucky,endurance, achievement, confidence ,being active , and worth it ♥♥♥
Bad boys ain't no good , good boys ain't no fun .
Goodmorning. God bless. Today should be a good day. have fun be safe. Amen
Happy new year! This is gonna be good happy exciting year. Have fun!
Good girls aint no fun!
Good morning everyone.. s/o to this headache but last night was too fun
Even though not feeling good not tryna take meds. Tryna have mad fun tonight !
Good New Year's Eve morning! Sunshiny blue skies here. Spending the day doing fun stuff w kids & grandkids :D
looks like 2011 will be going out the same way a good chunk of it was spent- nauseated and complaining about it. have fun, people!
Bad boys are no good , Good boys are no fun .
A bit sad to see 2011 end, was such a fun year! Hoping 2012 is equally as good.
My Wishes 4 U in 2012 .12 Mnths of Happiness, .52 Wks of Fun, .365 Days Success, .8760 Hrs Good Health, .52600 Mns Good Luck, .3153600 Secs of Joy
Good morning world,woke up feeling so damn gud yes I had fun last night & when I get bac 2 Chicago mah ladies beta b ready
Note to self...turn on the heat before bed its not 69 degrees in your house. Yeah, not fun. Good morning! *UC* That is all.
Too much fun last night saw a lot of good people but now I have two shoots today 10-6 :-/ boo
Woke up from. Long fun night to a good morning text!!! All smiles getting up!!!
"@ElBesaHermosa: Tonight should be fun , but its probably not going to be good for me."
Happy last day of 2011. Have fun! Looks like a sunny day in the good ole US of A!
So time to get ready for NYEGoing to bee fun but i still hope the new year will be a good one❤❤❤❤xxx
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
Working on New Years eve for 8 hrs, getting paid $30 per hour. Feeling good in the neighborhood. It about to be fun tonight...
Tonight was fun. Kuya and i found a good spot to watch the fireworks. Happy new year everyone! :-)
Good Morning Everyone.... be safe tonight an have fun...
Tonight should be fun , but its probably not going to be good for me.
I have my lists for new year/ new goals for 2012. it's fun and a good reminder that not everything needs to be overhauled!! :)
I love a good house party..... They're soo much fun! Better than the damn club.
There where alot things I held on to in 2011some good some bad ive meet good people and few that made me sad I had a ton of fun but...
My wishes for you in 2012 God gives You..  .12 Month of Happiness, .52 Weeks of Fun, .365 Days Success, .8760 Hours Good Health,
yeah 2012 is gonna be a good year. too much fun *kidding*
Last night was a good night I had fun (:
Good morning everyone! (: hope you all have fun plans for tonight
Bad boys aint no good, good boys aint no fun
War Horse was good, but it's fun to project inappropriate things onto the horse. I want to redub the trailer to create Bro Horse.
Good morning, LA!! Its 31st of dec, last day in 2011.. Let's have some fun today!! ☺
Last writing session of the year. Its been a good one. Have fun people!
Good morning angels! We blessd to see another day. Its NYE, have fun and be safe!:-)  muah
RT@viatumblr: My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck.
Went out and kicked it with my kid... Kooky. Had fun though. Also saw my favorite band ever.... Good times.
Good morning my twitter amigos..thank you for making my 2011 so much fun! I'm addicted to you all lol
Just watched Holy Flying Circus for the 2nd time. Easily my fave thing on UK TV this year, such good fun, great acting and wonderful music.
A good fun night
Currently at bugis . Very fun and happening here . Not soo packed here :) ice chocolate blended two cup2 for $2 . Soo good the boss here :)
had a good year…met some really nice people, shared some fun, and shared it all on twitter <3 Happy New Year everyone and party hard! xx
My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck
New Years Eve<3 2011 has been a roller coaster ride for me ... :$ but it had its good/fun moments :D
Few more hours till 2012 comes. I'm gonna miss everything, the hard and good times, the fun I had, all the memories ♥
2012 I wish you12month of Happiness,52weeks of Fun,365days Success,  .8,760hours Good Health,52,600minutes Good Luck,3,153,600seconds of Joy♥
"bad boys aint no good ... good boys aint knw fun" -Mary J Blige
Gonna be a good night. Gonnabe to fun
“@Creme_DeLa_Kay: Bad boys ain't no good and good boys ain't no fun”
What an amazing fun night. Hope you all had a good one. xxx
HAPPY NEW YEAR, EVERYONE. Though there's still about an hour left. I'm sleepy. Good night! Have fun. :D
Good morning! Hope everyone has a safe and fun day for New Years eve! :)
Have just taken the tender out into the river orwell. Not the fastest of boat but sure going to be good fun.
The good news: so much fun last night. Bad news: cough getting worse.
Bad Boyz ain't kno good Good boys ain't kno fun....
Happy New Year to all my friend. Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, good times, great health... and prosperous.  ƪ‎​​​‎​{^⌣^}ʃ
Good morning and Happy New Year's Eve to everyone! Have fun n be safe....
Chainsaw Ice Sculpting...now that sounds like some real good ole American fun
Binge drinking is not good. . .Happy new years everyone, thanks for reading the tweets...its been fun. .2012 huh? Well..lets have a look then.
Fun times at the 10 year class reunion last night! Good to see my old friends...and make new ones! :)
Good Morning New York! It's time to bring in the new year with the people I love and lots of fun!
Good morning!!! Happy news years eve! Have a fun and safe last day of 2011!
New Years Fun Fact Auld Lang Syne The song was composed by Robert Burns sometime in the 1700's means "old long ago" or "the good old days."
12 Months happiness, 52 weeks fun, 365 Days laughter, 8760 hrs good luck, 525600 Minutes joy, 31536000 seconds success, Happy New Year
Good Morning! Hope you all enjoy the last day of 2011. Have a save and fun New Years Eve!
Have fun tonight Nottingham! Happy New Year to all our followers and readers, let's make 2012 a good one x
Up feeling good as hell blessed to make it to 20 bouts to be a good n fun day
I feel like being obnoxious today, getting fired up for the game and making ul fans mad at the same time its all in good fun remeber that
Good day all this is the last day of 2011 so go out & make the best of it! But be safe, don't drink & drive! Have fun see you all next year!
Good morning!! Had so much fun last nite! Great times....
Good morning Tweeps and Tweepetts. Well I started off a little early bu shopping for my New Years Eve luncheon. This is gonna be fun.
I gotta say this year was pretty good, I didn't do the most reckless things but I still had fun.
Wishing all a 'Happy New Year' & enjoy!  Enjoyed my 1st experience of tweeting & hope to make some good friends along the way...have fun! x
Good Morning loves last night was epic had so much fun now time to figure out Wat to do tonight
Bad boys ain't no good. Good boys ain't no fun.
Good morning, time to get ready for work today. Then later going to take my nephew and have some fun at elvis show. It is going to be good.
Bad Boys aint nooooo GOOD , BUT good boys aint noooo FUN !
Good Morning Love Bugs! An Happy New Years Eve! Hope u all have fun, enjoy ur selfs an be safe! <3
In 2012 I want to make some new, fun people so this time next year I can look back and be like, dammmnnnnn, that was a good ass year.
Well i had fun last night.... Nothing like a good ol sex on the beach
Last morning of 2011. O and I are playing barbies! Good fun
Cosmic bowling was fun and everyone is sleeping in this morning. Got my coffee and all set for now. Good morning to all.
2011 was a good year for me, have a great job, health is good, enjoyed the outdoors, & have lots of fun friends. Looking forward to 2012!!
bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun.
Merry new year everyone, have fun tonight. Thanks for following and hope you all have a jolly good and inspirational 2012
Good morning twitter heads! Hope everyone has a fun and blessed New Years Eve :) (dont get too drunk or too high some of ya'll lol)
Good morn world enjoy your last day of 2011 Have fun and be safe!
Good mornin everybody.. Hope y'all didn have to much fun last nite..
My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck.
Good Morning Tweeps! Have a safe & Fun New Years Eve!
This was a pretty good year. Meet my love, had fun witn my family's & friends. What esle should I ask for . Nothing !!! Thank you Jesus :)
just finished playing football with some cool girls, i had fun tho. those girls are good compared to Nigeria Female Team
Great fun seeing the hunt out at home! Stopping the traffic just outside Long Melford for the hounds, good work!
The summer was fun lol good times with a few of my followers
Good morning and Happy New Years, tonight gonna be so much fun!
If you need a non football activity this weekend- we saw the new Sherlock Holmes movie last night and it was just a good fun movie to watch
Good Luck, Have Fun everybody!
2 hours of 2011 :* good bye 2011 i had loads of fun and memories with you
Gonna go out now, have fun everyone!! Take good care! Happy new year!!! ☺
good morning last day of 2011...time flies when you're having fun!
JUST WANNA HAVE FUN BRING IN THE NEW TEAR IN A GOOD MOD N GOOD VIBE !!!!!!!!
We wish everyone a Happy New Years! May the year 2012 be just as good and/or better than 2011. Be Safe and Have Fun!
It's good Spurs have become title contenders. Makes the title race more fun. But what happens if Bale, VDV, Adebayor and Modric get injured?
That Benji Hughes album is endearingly eccentric. All over the map stylistically but in a good way. A fun Ryan Adams besotted with Kiss.
Saw some good friends ... . .and enemies last night ... . .but I still had fun.!
Good morning all.... preparing myself for a fun and safe NYE:-)  hopefully we can make it downtown to watch the Ball drop....
Heading back home today. Had fun in Tennessee but excited to be spending NYE with good friends!
fun relatives are essential for a good new year
Wishing everyone a safe and fun New Year's celebration tonight, and much love, happiness and good health for the coming year!!
Okay. happy New Year in advance. Have fun be safe. Good Night. :)
Training mode fun: Somehow managed to dash under twice during 2xDP juggle, switch directions. Good for switching corner? Probably useless.
2011 is soon coming to a close. Hopefully everyone spends the remaining few hours doing something good and having fun.
Happy New Year to everyone! Be safe and good to yourselves tonight. And most of all have fun 2012 is going to be a magical year!
12 Months happiness, 52 weeks fun, .365 Days laughter, 8760 hrs good luck, .525600 Minutes joy, 31536000 seconds success, .~Happy New Year ~
This film could be quite good fun with The Rock instead of Vin Diesel. And by "good" I mean "less horrible".
Well the good thing about today is that I get to go ice skating and fun shit. Lol.
Good morning & Happy New Years Eve. May the last day if 2011 be a good for you & hoping 2012 is full of hope, joy, love, good health & fun x
good morning ppl..got a long but fun day ahead of me.
Happy 2012!! May it be filled to the brim with fun, love, good health, happiness & prosperity - enjoy all!!! ❤
Last day 2011 this year was fun so I might as well end it on a good note
Have a good New Years Eve everyone! Have fun and stay safe! Xx
"@EHerWay: "Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't NO fun... I love my Mr. Wrong"-MJB" my jam! Lol
nothing special on New Year's..... .>,< .very frustrating . .happy new year 2012 .and good fun
hv a tv at home but no channel..how fun is that? well, the good thing is u dont hv to hear all those merapu thingy on the news
Its new years eve ima have a good n fun day :)
Hopefuly My Mother Watch The Baby Today , iWanna Enter This New Years Good && Havinqq Hella Fun :)
Good morning tweeps.. Man last night was fun :-) my legs hurt 4 some reason but iDont know I guess I'll be ok
Happy new year people. Have fun however ur celebrating. Let's hope 2012 is a good un for all of us :) xxx
12 months of happiness,52 weeks of fun,365 days of success,8760 hours of good health,52600 minutes of good luck and 3153600 seconds of joy.
Bad boyz aint no good.. Good boyz aint no fun
is looking forward to a fun New Years Eve... no drama, just some good food, friends and family. Then up early for the Niner game tomorrow AM
Good morning everyone...i wish all my followers a happy new years...and thank you guys for making this fun for me ^_^
"Hermits united. We meet up every ten years; swap stories about caves. It's good fun! For a hermit."
My New Year's resolutions are the same as every year: be a good person, have fun on the way to the grave and listen to shitloads of prog.
Bad boys aint no good , good boys aint no fun…
Good morning ! Happy new years eve !! Everyone get sloppy .. Have fun and most of all be safe ❤❤
good night " .for last night this year .happy happy fun=D jaa"
My wishes for 2012: .12 months of happiness, fun &good health!
Adios 2011! Hellooooooo 2012!  It's going to be a good year guys, I can feel it.  Have fun and stay safe tonight everyone:)
Good Morning... Work From 10-5 Then idk..., Something Fun...
Well been the gym then watched man u (poor display) getting excited for some fun and games tonight happy year have a good one
Good Morning everyone have fun today
Bad boys ain't no good Good boys ain't no fun
Good Morning my Loves; Last Dayy of 2011 - Take it Easy & Have Fun this dayy tweeps !
My wishes in 2012  .•12 Months of Happiness  .•52 Weeks of Fun .•365 Days Success .•8760 Hours good Health .•3153600 Seconds of Joy
Good morning one and all :) hope everyone is having fun racing and getting your run in today :)
Good Morning, Beauti-Full-Brows Wants Everyone To Enjoy Their Weekend & Have A Happy New Year.  Have Fun & Be Safe.
We hope everyone has a good time tonight. Have fun....but please stay safe.
today was pretty fun.	went shopping with mum and she was in a good mood :D
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun !
Last night was fun fun fun and more fun looking forward to a good night how yall doin this am
Yay...the last day of 2011. Reflecting back on this amazing year of fun, growth, glory, favor, new experiences, weddings, and GOD! Was good!
Wishing you 12 MONTHS of Happiness, 52 WEEKS of Fun,366 DAYS Success, 8784 HRS Good Health,527040 MINS Good Luck and 31622400 SECS of Joy!
Bad boys ain't no good.... And good boys ain't no fun!!!!
Good morning friends. I wish everyone a safe and fun New Years EVE - please be responsible!  HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING ERRBODY.....BE SAFE HAVE FUN
Good morning everyone hope you have a great day and a safe and fun new years
good to see all friend group  having fun .
Bout to leave Nashville! You are always fun everytime I come but now it's time to bring in the new year in good ol' Jville!
wish you 12months of HAPPINESS;52 weeks of LOVE;365days of SUCCESS;8760hours of GOOD HEALTH 525600 minutes GOOD LUCK;31536000 seconds of FUN
I dont feel good but ima still have fun tonight
Who wanna bring the New Year in with me ...... I promise fun & ah good time.!!
I WANT TO FOUND LOVE IN A HOPELESS PLACE...TONIGHT ! FUN IS GOING TO START.....! HAVE A GOOD NIGHT ALL TOGETHER ♥
Good Morning SEXY men, how are you today? Happy New Year!!!!!!and let's have some FUN………
Good morning! I hope everyone has a fun but safe New Years Eve...
California was fun while it lasted, I can't wait until I graduate for I could move back for good, and don't have to worry about family.
Good afternoon spent with some of the insane, older family friends. Much fun. Shame though, they're all a tad horny. Sex came up a shit load
8 glasses of water a day-no caffiene-no choc. _alchol__:good diet!>>>Good conscience..Great fun<<<Trump{blowhard}...Have fun!HNY
Good Morning Followers, hope you all have a productive day, and a fun evening...#HappyNewYears.
happy new year hope every one has a good night what ever you get up to have fun
Happy new year :) and make it a good one filled with heaps of fun and happiness <3
Bad boys ain't No Good, Good Boys ain't no Fun ..
“@viatumblr: My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck."
Good Morning, I Hope All My Followers Have Fun Tonight & Enjoy New Years Eve Remember Don't Drink & Drive Be Safe :)
Just finished short driving day with R2! It was fun again behind wheel!;) Good way to finish this year. Happy New Year
Good morning. I hope everyone is safe tonight! Have fun
good weekend with the team, now on this 6 hr ride home. this could be fun
Everyone be good tonight and safe have fun but be grown about. And dnt blow all your money cuz its the 1st and ur rent due by the 5th
On a good note, spent the last night of 2011 having a blast! Rise was so much fun.
philly w/ myy sister todayy should be fun and nemo party today , today is going to be a good day :))
Bad Boys Ain't No Good, Good Boys Ain't No Fun
Ahh, 2011,we had fun didn't we? We had good times and some laughs, but its time for us to part ways, I'll never forget you. XXX
GOOD MORNIIIING! I GUESS TODAY IS COLOR DAY AT WORK ^__^ I'M GONNA HAVE FUN WITH THIIIIS!!!!
Performing poetry for the first time in my life...that was fun. Good 2011 memory
reflecting what happen in 2011...it's fun, enjoy but sometimes sad...i wish to have 2012 be good to me...
Good night/morning everyone! I wish you all a great New Years! Be safe and have fun! :)
Good luck to everyone starting new in 2012, I started today have fun catching up
Bad boys aint no good n good bous aint no fun!
May 2012 bring u...12 Months Happiness,52 Weeks of Fun,365 Days Success,8760 Hrs Good Health,52600 Minutes Good Luck,3153600 Seconds of Joy☺
Sex is good, sex is fine, doggy style or 69, just for fun or getting paid, everyone loves getting laid. -POTEK! =)))))
Dear 2012: Be adventurous, be perfect, be exciting, be fun, be memorable and be good for me .
Hello New Year! Please be an amazing year with fun,  and good memories :)
Don't let people push you around, unless you're in a wagon because that shit be fun good morning
Hopefully I have some good ass fun tonight. . . . I wanna see a lot of my followers tonight!
Had tons of fun last night at D&B at arundel mills plus I was looking too good Lmao
Last nite was trill.. But ima bout to settle it on down... 2011 it was fun.. But they say all good things must come to an end..
Fan of the Impossible Mission films but feel let down by MI3? Then go watch Ghost Protocol. Not as good as the first, but great fun
Any good New Years resolutions out their Tweeps? Hope everyone has a fun & safe night!
Good morning yall. Had fun last night wit tha homies. Havent laughed like that since 2008
Good morning & Happy New Years Eve everyone! Have fun & be safe! Xo, Darius (:
Tonight should b fun ... But on that not good morning ...
My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck :))
Good Morning <3 !!! Happy New Years Eve, Hope every1 b safe, nd have a blessed holiday weekend....Have Loads of fun too!
I Wish in 2012 .12 Month of Happiness  .52 Weeks of Fun .365 Days Success .8760 Hours Good Health .52600 Minutes Good Luck .3153600 Sec of Joy....
Twitter may go bananas later so here it is early - Happy New Year to you, hope 2012 is  fun, joyous and a bloody good laugh! Chin chin
Good morning today will be fun.
Have a safe new year and may it bring good health, happiness and fun times.
"@viatumblr: My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck."
Thanks you all for a great 2011! Very Excited about the 2012 and all the good things to come- Take Care, Have fun and Be Safe all!
good morning twiggaz and twitchez last day of the year! lets have fun and b safe
Dear 2012: Be adventurous,be perfect,be exciting,be fun,be memorable and be good for me.
Wish everybody a good and nice New Year's Eve, have fun we see us in 2012!!!
Good Bye 2011 its been real fun
Good Morning and Happy Sabbath! Hope your last day of 2011 is fun! :)
GOOD MORNING!!! =} enjoy your new years/eve and be responsible! But out of it all HAVE FUN!
“@AuttyElle: Good Morning loves. I hope you all have a fun, safe night✌”
Good morning Twitter World , happy new years eve ! be saffffe tonight and have fun (:
MobbyPandaaaaa Eating is fun it's good for the mind body and soul ^_^Be8g8
Good morning everyone! ùltimo día del 2011. Go have fun! Do something crazy! BUT don't drink and drive. Cheers!
Bad boys aint no good, good boys aint no fun.
Happy New Year! Congrats to everyone. Have a good time. Be happy, always. Enjoy it & have a lot of fun. Eah... :)
time to call it a year...see ya soon...next year...good nite and god blesss...have fun filled evening..
News years resolutions, get a job, get good grades and have the most fun this year:)
Wat the hell I had fun last night I aint tweet all yesterday woke up feeling good and made it to the money
My wishes in 2012: 12 months Hapiness 52 weeks of Fun 365 days Success 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Gud Luck :)
All have a good night and have fun and a happy new year
Bad Boy ain't no good. Good boys ain't no fun.
Good night to you, have fun and enjoy your busy!
Bad boys ain't no good , good boys ain't no fun !
Its been "wicked" lets leave it at that! Lol thank you so much to all who made my year, bring on fun times in 2012! hope its as good :) x
"@viatumblr: My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck
Good morning and God bless hope everyone's new years will be great, fun, but also safe
Bigmaks lol))) all what's going on is so unusual!!! We r really having fun and good times!!love my family so much!!!
-12 month of happiness- 52 weeks of fun- 366 days of success- 8784 hours of good health- 527040minutes of good luck- 31622400 seconds of joy
New year I'm gonna be a good girl this year....yeah right what's the fun in that!?
2012 should be fun. can't wait to have the best time ever, let the good times roll. may they only get better
Having fun seriusly and having seriusly fun, for a good life ;-)
good morning everybody have fun tonight an be safe
2011 was quite a year, der were ups n downs good tyms, bad tyms, we lost family n frndz,got more fam n frndz,had fun n nw we say bye 2 2011!
Dear GOD, plz bless this trip to be fun & everything to go good amen.
Good Morning twitter.......had a fun night last night
Bad boys ain't no good, Good boys ain't no fun
Going to some Lebanese party tonight for new years, fun? Atleast it won't turn out like last years new years eve, not good:p
12 months of Happiness 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days of Success 8760 hours of Good Health 52,600 minutes of Good Luck 3,153,600 seconds of Joy !
Murphy's Adagio in Dm…. best way to get the fingers moving in the morning ;) also good fun.
The Last Day of 2011! the last day to spend it good & fun all the way to tomorrow the first day of 2012! (=
Gosh I'm so excited for tonight. Good Music, Fireworks, Friends and just having fun!
ahahha anyway i'm in a good mood, so Have Fun everyone :)
Yall boys have fun and tu one good time for me !!!
Last night was surprisingly fun! Had a good time!
Good morning.  Had a fun night, met some new couples.  No sex.
Good Morning , had fun w/ the girls last night !
Good Morning to everyone! Wishing U all a safe & Happy New Year's Eve! This is the last day of 2011, let's make this a fun & memorable day!!
You left someone great for who you thought was better. BIG MISTAKE! Good luck and have fun in that unfaithful relationship of yours (Y)
GOOD MORNING!!! Make this last day of 2011 count, be safe and have fun!!! Bringing it in with loved ones <3 ;-)
BBM galore.. Thanks, IHG peeps! 2012's kinda intriguing.. Exciting.. Fun, fun, fun! Haha! Good vibes.. :)
RT! "@viatumblr: My wishes in 2012: 12 months Happiness, 52 weeks of Fun, 365 days Success, 8760 hours Good Health, 52600 minutes Good Luck
2011 was a not a good year for me at all but i had so much fun with you guys, love you Team Minaj!!!! ♡ Happy New Years Eve
Was feeln good n 2thousand n fine9 Had fun n 2thousand n then10 did good n 2thousand n lately11 now I got to top it n 2thousand n do well12
Ya today is gonna be great!  Im going to have so much fun sitting at home all day and watching the ball drop with my kitten
Happy New Year to all our friends around the world - may your evening be full of great food, wine and fun!  See you in 2012
It's been fun 2011. Here's to a great 2012 for all our DePauw tweeps!
2011 has been a great ride... Hope you all enjoyed it and have had fun tweeps...
Great, another blister =\. . .That was fun though =3
Great snow today having fun skiing with the boys and big Rick up at Sunday River
Oh it works. How fun. FU twitter. Great end to the new year! Jokes.
LifeOK is great stuff for fun !!
Here's wishing all friends a Happy New Year 2012! Rock on peeps, have great fun and be blessed!
Go out, have fun. Bring the new year in with great people. Don't do anything stupid because remember you do only live once.
today is gonna be fun and great. watch. if u see me on the road, follow me mfka. im goin to the goodness!!
Ill say it now. Happy new year to everyone. Hope u all have a great day! Enjoy the games stay safe and have fun. While I'm sick haha
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! HAPPY 2012 TO EVERYONE!!! KPOP Online Shop - Valoa Records WISHES EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT AND FUN 2012 AHEAD OF YOU... :D
Hope The New Year bring Gigabyte of Fun , double dose of happiness. Have a great year ahead! HAPPY NEW YEAR2012!!!!
Great weather today for a fun day at GULFSTREAM PARK RACING & CASINO! Stop out by the Tiki Bar for a great Italian Ice!!
Wishing everyone a New Year filled with great moments, strength, courage and happiness. Happy New Year lovely tweeps, have fun tonight! xx
I bet 2012 is going to be a great and fun year.
2011 is a great year. Glad that I had fun in this year than the previous one. Gonna miss 2011 the most. :')
Happy New years eve everyone!! I hope you guys have a great night, be safe and have fun:)
Have a safe and fun NYE!! Happy 2012 guys!! Hope it's a great year for you!! :))
Had a great new years, drinking, dancing, having fun and then coming home to safe animals and delicious ham and cheese toasted sandwiches!
Last night was fun had a great time!!
Great im going to have fun tonight babysitting my cousin better get the drink out and drink it so I dont have to hear go on lol :)
Have a great night tonight guys! Have fun but most of all keep safe..London Bound with my favourite ladies 
I hope everyone has a great New Years Eve! FUN and SAFE!!
what an amazing year - new friends, new jobs, new portraits, great fun, total rollercoaster. wouldn't have it any other way. Here's to 2012!
It's so nice outside...great start to a wonderful day and fun-filled night!
Girl best friends >>> it's easier to have fun and talk to a girl that is a great friend.
"@muscle_fitness: “Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.”"So true! Surround urself w positive happy fun people
Happy New Year to all that is already there. To the rest of us, have a great evening & big party. We already having fun (5:30pm)
Have a great new years eve guys, have fun and stay safe. Lets make 2012 the best year yet! xo
Last night was really fun. Great to catch up with my old friends.
Happy Anniversary to my big bro and his awesome wife! You make a great team. Have a super fun day!!!
“Here's to the bright New Year”Happy New Year to all. Hope everyone has a great night, here's to a fun filled 2012
Happy New Years Eve! We hope everyone has a great day and fun/safe night!
Way to go wolves! 0-3 isnt great but all 3 games were lost by less then 4 points! Its gonna be a fun year!
Just want to say that i missed all the fun with all the awesome people in 2011 but still hope that 2012 will be great!!
Happy New Years Eve to all the deltas!!!! Please be safe and have fun, heres to a great 2012!
Fun fun fun, have a great time everyone! Woots
Attractive, fun,loyal, educated, career oriented, family oriented, great cook, great fuck....are these the things you like in a woman??
We wish you all a happy new years eve. The coming year may be hopefully as great as the last one. Have fun!
Happy New Years Eve everyone!! Hope everyone has a great fun night!! And be safe if your drinking tonight dont drive :)
“@luisacristine Got such great sleep last night, today's going to be SO fun!”
Shout out tew evrione who made 2011 great n fun-filled. God go make u bigger
Happy New Year to you all. Have a great time everybody and have FUN! X
Tune in to Channel 5 noww!!!! You won't want to miss out the great fun we're having here!!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope you all had a great 2011! Have a blessed 2012!  .Have fun! Stay safe! And THANK GOD! :)))
Twas great working with you 2011, Looking forward to a fun-filled 2012. 1 hour to go!
Morning!!! Last night was so much fun with the girls! Tonight is going to be great!
Man had a great time last night wit my ppl. Haven't had that much fun in while can't wait to do it again
Last night was wonderful great way to end the last Friday of the year and now to have fun tonight ;)
Goodbye arizona! Thanks m & d for being great hosts, had fun.
Happy New Year to all that is already there. To the rest of us, have a great evening & big party. We already having fun (5pm)
Dear followers, thanks a lot for your support in 2011 and I wish you guys all a great NYE and a healthy, fun 2012!
Not the biggest fan of 2011 but l guess that's partly my own fault, Here's to a great 2012, have fun and be safe everyone
Happy NYE everyone! Hope you all have a fun safe night and a great 2012!
Happy New Year to all of my friends around the world in whatever time zone you are in! Have fun, be safe, and get ready for a great 2012!
My wishes for u great start 4 jan,love 4 feb,peace 4 march,no worries 4 april,fun 4 may,joy 4 june to nov,happiness 4 dec. Have Happy 2012
hope your having a great year with lots of fun and love and friends and happiness and etc.! :)
If God is our Dad, then He wants to have fun with us! How many great dads do you know that make it a point to have fun with their kids?
Got such great sleep last night, today's going to be SO fun!
Great, My dad got me sick :( this sucks . Oh well tonight's still gonna be fun tho hahaha
For all the experiences, fun, lessons, great memories, and tons of stories, thank you 2011!
Everyone have a fun, and most importantly, safe New Years Eve tonight! Let's make 2012 great.
Phantom traveling home after a great week of hockey and fun times with friends. Travel safe Phantom and Happy New Year everyone.
GM tweethearts! I want to wish all my friends and luvd ones a Great New Years Eve. Have fun, dance, drink, but most of all be safe. Muahz
last night/ this morning was great. had a lot of fun!
Must admit m rÀther bored! The word is on point but the fun is not so fun :( a convo with a new somebody would be great
Oh my! It's really happening na. In a few minutes it's already 2012. For all the experiences, fun, lessons, & great memories, thank you 2011
2011 was such a break through and fun year i feel like 2012 is about to be .... just (shriek) GREAT.!!!!
Rise and Shine✨ Wishing everyone a great New Years have fun, be safe and no drunk driving!! Xoxo Tweeties
Having fun and reflecting on the great year gone by. Thank you LORD!
Happy new year everyone great party at riverland! Big 2012 ahead so much fun and excitement ahead!! Hope all are enjoying themselves!!
"@nannamedina: 2011 has been a crazy, messy, blue, fun, great, wonderful, amazing and memorable year!"
Wishing Everyone a Fun but Safe New Year's Eve...And I hope 2012 gets off to a great start for each of you!
Ice skating for the first time in 5 years. Took 20 mins to get competent again, great fun after that.
Late night jam session was awesome! Great peeps! Too much fun! Met a dude from the valley too!! What are the chances?!
For all our followers: have a great NY's eve! Enjoy, have fun and see you again in 2012! love Koen & Roem
Take a minute to reflect on what great things happened to you in 2011 & be thankful! Looking back, isn't it fun to connect the dots?
Last night was great. I had a lot of fun.
Wow, in the last 9 hours of 2011! What a great, busy, crazy, strange year it has been and what a fun, busy, crazy, new year we have to come!
It's been a fun night with great friends; Happy New Year! :D
Feels great to perform again without the pressure of of getting voted off a show... Remembering how much fun it is.
Ring in the New Year, It's New Years Eve!! Have lots of Fun & have a Great New Year from the Lacerda Team.
Hí frnds happy new year to all. Hav a great fun on 31st. Cheeeearss
I did not have fun last night. Great party but I should have stayed my ass at home
Hockey game, dinner, & scary movie . Great way to end 2011. Have a fun rest of 2011!(:
My wishes 4 you, great start 4 Jan, love 4 Feb, peace 4 March, no worries 4 April, fun 4 May, joy 4 June to Nov, happiness 4 December,gudluk
Wishing all you lovely ppl out there a very happy new year :) have a fun year n a great year ahead:)
happy new years eve everyone! I hope you all have a great day and have fun tonight :)
GM tweeties.....lets make this last day off 2011 a great fun......just epic day...going to get my hair hair color now...yay
Spending time with my fam is lots of fun had a great night .. Couldnt stop laughing Tonight continues.....
Wow... time flies when youre having fun... 2011 was great... excited to see what 2012 has in store for me... xoxo...
Last night was so much fun with girls. Great way to end the year!
"@moyodre1: It's fun when united lose"<great fun Lol
getting made to clean my house before my mum comes in, great fun
Had a great night last night,, bowling is fun when your drunk.. Lol
I definitely wanna wish my Twitter friends & followers an awesome,fun,stoney and safe New Year's! May 2012 bring u lots of great fortune!
Happy New Year Twitterati! Thanks for some great interactions in 2011. Have fun & .... Live the disco dream!
On our way to Londres for new year. Let this be a merry one! Have a great time and thanks for making 2011 so special everyone. Have fun! x
Its always fun to wakevup not even look at your phone or people.....the kick ur ass in the gym.....i am so tired...sore....but feel great
Can't wait for tonight. Should be great fun!
Now I need to get ready for welcoming in the New Year... I am celebrating with my friend Karen and her boyfriend, which will be great FUN!!!
having a great time with my family had so much fun :))@shannonstewart1
Here's to the great accomplishments in 2011, and Cheers ahead to the amazing things to come in 2012 - have fun and stay safe tonight!!
Packing my life into bags again. Great fun :/
Had so much fun earlier. Today is really the start of something great.
doing a little research before a fun day of riding with friends & then out to eat to celebrate the new year! going to be a great one! :-)
Happy New Year! Lets all have a safe and fun night, and look forward to a great 2012!!
OlivierPratt Morning to your too Sir, hope you have a great holiday weekend.    Anything fun planned5O85I
Spending my day as a bridesmaid for 1 of my best friends as she marries a great guy. Gonna be a fun day/night!
At home looking after my cousin boarding they are so fun but gracesfull they are Playing on my wii how great is that joking xx
i had a fun day today.. dinner with family and grandparents was great! and lunch with colleagues.. misses!!
My band Eh Dave! had a great show last night at the Jello Martini Lounge! We had so much fun! Thanks everyone! And Happy new year!! :)
‎~ LOOK OUT 2012..... Here we ALL come!  .Have fun and be safe..... Many Blessings for a great new year!
Watching Bud Abbott and Lou Costello Meet Frankenstein. Great film. Fun fact, Bela Lugosi, DOESN'T SPARKLE!
2011 I did so many things, met new people, had fun & wild nights. The Summer of 2011 was the best Summer of my life. The year was great too.
had so much fun at chimaira christmas.  woke up with with a raging hangover.  great times! now off to atlanta for more boyfriendness
2011 was a fun year for me. I was definitely on gypsy status. Felt great to have the freedom to do whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted to.
Last wedding of the year is done! Getting ready for a fun evening with friends. Have a great new year's eve everyone!
This year is gonna be great i promise and its gonna be happy and fun and i'm gonna achieve things and yeah.
Kew Bridge steam museum has all it's engines on over this weekend. Great fun with small kids.
Imma have so much fun today.. Even if my plans don't come out great as Lon as I'm wit great ppl we will be ok :)
The first semester of this year were great but the second one is meh. Hope 2012 will be fun all year long!
A very great year. Did lots of work, knowledge gain, fun, hardships, happiness and what not. Looking forward to the next year.
great fun in the kitchen (and a geography lesson to boot!) as we made dainty little fondant flag cupcake toppers
Every one have a great new years eve. Have fun and bring the new year in with a bang
Revising at the hospital, great fun
Having so much fun in Atlanta and creating great memories! Ready to bring in the New Year!
It's been great drinking water and . cordial with the kids you don't need alcohol to have fun they went to bed hours ago goodnight all
lilyZlove and it's Lol but seriously we had a great night!! Glad u had fun :D I still need to meet bVnFk
I had great fun with my feds 1st we went 2 zoo then at grudwara
Thanks to everyone for your support in 2011 making our first year a great success! We hope you have fun tonight & best wishes for 2012 :)
Great night! So much fun! Absolutely blessed
Hello Twitter, not been around in a while. Summary of last 2 weeks: Skiing in France (awesome), Christmas (fun), Friends visiting (great)...
Heading to Keiki Kroozers 1k Fun Run at Estates on Legacy. Great way to end the year with fitness fun for entire neighborhood
Everyone have a great new years eve day, and get set for 2012 it's going to be fun.
Enjoying a glass of Prosecco at Carluccios in St Johns Wood. Fab gluten free menu, great company & great way to end to begin end of year fun
Was a really great time I had alot of fun
Happy New Year from Brisbane! Hope everyone has a great night! Off home now after a relatively sober but fun night for some Talisker :)
getting prepared for NYE party at the house. lots of vegan food and fun. hope everyone has a great one!
Beach, steak, wine, beer, cigarette, firework, dance totally fun ! What a great new years eve !
thank you for everything. 2011 was a great journey, had so much fun and sorrow, and no remorse
We at Pecknel wish you all a great New Year!  Have fun, be safe and don't be a stranger.
is full of excitement for new year.  Can't wait to have a fun night with friends! Here's to a great 2012, hopefully the economy picks up!
THANKS TO ALL WHO FOLLOW, "LIKE", AND FRIEND ME ON TWITTER AND FB. IT'S BEEN ANOTHER GREAT YEAR FOR THE OAKS AND ME. LET'S HAVE FUN IN 2012!
wishes you in 2012 Great start 4 Jan,Love 4 Feb,Peace 4 march,No worries for April,Fun 4 May,Joy 4 June to Nov,Happiness 4 Dec,Happy 2012.
Gm ppl....got bottles, got food, and mature fun= a great start for 2012
Countdown and fireworks :D I just have fun and great New Year Eve, Happy New Year Everyone :D :D
Last day of 2011. What a great year. Full of challenge, change, disappointments, loses, gains, wins, success, failure, fun, sadness and joy!
Have fun someone out there, have a great new year party ;)
Met great pl had lots of fun drunk nights have a daughter that's been trough some shit but still pulls A average and a son who lives for me
I woke up feeling great.....mad I waited around to get nooooo tattoo...lol....but I still had fun cuz I missed my RaRa!
Some great holiday fun sites
I had great fun picking up my dogs poo thanks x
Just great, semua orang have fun celebrating NYE and watching football. While I'm sitting in the car. This is just bored.
2011 so much fun. Thank God for this great year.
Happy New Years Eve everyone! Hope everyone has a great day and a fun night ringing in the new year!!
I'll admit being at the nog til 2 am probably wasn't a great idea, but it was fun 7 hours of work then i'm lakeland bound! Wheres the party?
Happy New Years Eve Tweeps!  Have fun tonight...stay safe...next year is going to be great!
RDRC Jan 1st Fly-in at Field. Hotdogs/Hamburgers supplied, bring covered dish to share. Flying, fun, and friends. Great way to ring in 2012!
It’s New Year Eve… go have some fun in the end of 2011, and be prepare for 2012. Have a great nite all…
Happy New Year to all fellow tweeters, it's been a fun year & great to meet so many of you in 'real life' here's to more japes in 2012 x
I hope 2012 brings many more fun adventures and great people to my life.
Naima's sleepover was really fun.....had a great time☺
bye timeline see u on the next year have fun for our next year 2012 for all n have a great night ƪ(^▽^)ʃƪ(^o^)ʃ
Lmao team killing NPCs on Halo Anniversary makes them aggressive to you, which is great fun
all our wee pals are in the carnival having fun and me and nicola are outside ill, life's great :(
2day i am sure !! @ night having great fun !!
Driving to Montreal this morning in driving snow. Great fun!! Not
2011 has been a truly great year. Have so much to be grateful for. Thank you to you all. Wishing you a happy new year. Have fun & be safe ☺.
How's your new year? Bad, fun, sad, great, or what? Tweet me?:))
Le Trolls! I'll never forget our laughtrips,foodtrips & troll moments! Let's have more fun this year! You are great friends! DAVAO'S BEST!
Auguro a tutti un bellissimo 2012, divertitevi...To all of you my best wishes for a great 2012, have fun!!!
Had great fun with friends! Last outing of holidays. Felt good! School friends are d best! :)
Happy New Year Guys and Girls. 2011 was bumpy but all in all a great year. If 2012 is the same I'll be happy! Have fun tonight!
Happy new year all! May it be creative, fun,  and better than great!
Have Fun tonight everyone and be safe... Happy New Year !! 2012 Here we come.. Let's make it a great year
writing up 2011 highs and lows...... this will be great fun
Time to put on my robo-knee and go play some racquetball! Great start to a fun New Years Eve!
Have a great fun with my lil' bro <3
I hope everyone has a great year change! Remember to have fun be please be safe!
Having fun with my family atm! Noah is so adorable <3 I hope you guys are having a great time as well :D
GREAT way to get my exercise in.  in Houston? Consider joining me for some fun free way to get fit. Wed Fri & Sat   ~ pickleball ~
Hope you're all gonna have a great one tonight...what r u all upto? & if you're chillin-niice one-head into 2012 RELAAXED!! Woo Have fun! :)
Happy New Years Eve!  2011 was a very up and down year for me.  I'm looking forward to having fun tonight and to a great 2012!
Enchanted Kingdom + fun = Great new year celebration.
-__- starting year 2012 with aunt flo and two-days senggugut as my company. great fun.
It's gonna be a great year, y'all! I can feel it in my ladyparts. Happy New Year! Have fun & be safe.
such a great night(: it was real fun. (: Thank You Lord!(:
Woohoo! New Years eve baby!! Gonna be in great company tonight :) Can't wait, looking forward to a fun night!
HAPPY NEW YEAR FOR ALL MY TS FRIENDS! MAY U HAVE A GREAT AND FUN 2012 FILLED WITH LOVE AND HAPPINESS! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! ^_^
Happy New Year's Eve everybody! I hope everyone has a great night to close 2011!! Be safe and have fun!!
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! Thanks for making 2011 a great year for the GVFL! Have fun and be safe this evening.
Shop and have a blast, visit the New Orleans Pepper Palace and you will be a shopper for life, great hot sauce and rubs and fun atmosphere
It's been a good year. Going to America, creamfields and meeting a ton of great people has been fun. Happy new year, tonight I love everyone
Feels like you're having really fun there yeah, have a great night then. I just wish u wouldn't forget about me :)
Mud guards, the best invention since... erm... mud :) Great fun on the single speed cross monster!
happy new year everyone! .hope 2012 is full of great memories and fun
Good Home staging is serious but fun filled lifestyle business. Want to learn this great business from Deb?
Oh New Year's resolutions, I try to resist but can't. Zumba, Pilates, fun, and friends will make my 2012 great!
I wish everyone a great NYE. Have fun whatever you do :-) xo
I have great fun tweeting. I would never pick FB over this
Last day of 2011.  Make it a fun one.  May 2012 be great.
Had a great time last night seeing all my family. Shaw's seem to always have fun.  
I just love drunk people being across the hall in the hotel..its great fun, NOT.
So far, so great, so fun! :))
Bye2 2011! hoping fr a great and fun 2012 with continuous success!
We've learnt a lot, met some great new contacts & friends & had lots of fun along the way. Thanks for your support in 2011. Happy New Year!!
Well that's it 2011. My final tweet 4 u. Gr8 year, great fun, gr8 writing, gr8 new ventures & gr8 new friends. 2012 here I come....
Nearly time to say goodbye to a year of whisky fun. Great people, and great drams. If 2012 is this much fun, we're in for a treat. Cheers!
Great sick and have to work at 11:30... This is going to be fun!
Cinema with mum dad and rich, great fun..
Happy NYE tweeps hope 2012 is just as fun as 2011 have a great Nite ;-)
Last night was fun though....real low key;-) It was a great way 2 kick off NYE wknd!!!! It's a shame I still don't know what I wanna do:-(
Last night was great. I had crazy stupid fun!
Here's hoping that you'll all have a great and fun filled New Year's Eve with as much suggestive pressure as your Facebook Status promises
Have a great new year tweet peeps, stay safe, have fun x x
Great fun today...lockup-sitting - whoo!
Last night was so much fun.  Laughed and smiled the entire time. Anyway good morning guys, let's all end the year in a great way ;)
Had a great time at the Circus last night. It was 2 hours of fun.
I'm having GREAT fun at the godparents house... *sacasm*
Everything including transportation all shall rely on the mother tonight, no worries to have great fun for welcoming 2012. Hiok hiok!
I am wishing everyone a fun and safe New Year Eve!  Please don't drink and drive and have a great start to 2012.
I Wish you all a Great slide to 2012 ;) have Fun! Wie will See us next Year ;) *kisses and hugs to all of you*
Happy new years to all of our members and their families we hope 2012 bring us great results and much fun and happiness
Having fun with my sis! Great ot be spending quality time together.
Learned indoor rock climbing last night Holy smokes, is it ever fun! I loved it. Great whole body workout.
I had a great night with friends last night watching the UFC Fight and drinking vino!  I wish everyone a fun but safe NYE!!!!!
Had fun at the lock in came home now an great I lost my cell ugh!!!
Just arrived accommodation after dinner out with my sweet family. It been really great time to chill out. Having fun :)
Happy New Year everyone! So many fun announcements to make the next 3 months! Thanks 4 making 2011 so great !
Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, new knowledge, good times, great health and Learn from the bad...Focus on the good..Love u guys
Just a few hours 2012 come ☺ and a few hours 2011 left all fun,sad,happy,mad, and blabla moments in 2011 become a great memory ♥
have a great night tonight -do not drink and drive and stay alive :) have fun with out drinking alchohol :)
Seven minutes until the end of this shitty year. I'm having fun right now, this is great. Can't wait to say goodbye to 2011. Fuck off!
Have a great NYE celebration, everyone! Stay safe, don't drink and drive and have fun! Remember peace and love!
RockingKitty We wanted El Paso but we might as well make it Vegas somewhere fun with great company..
Successful New Year's Eve and great fun to all of you! :)
Wish all a Happy New Year:) May 2012 be a great year with lots of fun and joy :D
While everyone  is outside having fun with family and friends, here i am alone at home with no one on NYE . Great way to start 2012 :'D
Happy New Year! Thanks for this year 2011, 'twas great, fun, and exciting! Cheers everyone! Put your glasses up!
Happy New Years eve. Great 2011. Thanks again and remember, have fun in life.
Thank you all so much for making 2011 such a great fun year. Hope 2012 is as sweeter as the last. :-) dee xx
Rock Hill, you guys were awesome and great fun to play for! Epic night to say the least! Now...we sluxd9vF
Had fun playing drums for BMTH and Comeback Kid too. Great times spent swimming in the sea at 5am in Spain after our show at Resurrection.
btw I wish anyone a great new year <3 *hugs* I'm looking forward to have fun with all of you in 2012 <3
Hi everyone time has cometo  celebrate new year couse some precious few hours are left for great nytout having lot of fun..
Great start of Jan,Love for Feb,Peace for March,No Worries for April,Fun for May,Joy for June to Nov,Happiness for Dec.
Cant Believe 2011 Is Almost Over :-( It Brought Me Fun Times And Times That Will Last Forever.... I Am Great full To Welcome 2012 ToNight
Happy New Years Eve! Cheers to a fun night and a great start to the New Year!
★ HAPPY NEW YEAR! Thanks so much for all your support & for making 2011 a great year! Bring on 2012 - we're going to have so much FUN! ★
Have fun tonight folks and happy jolly wishes for a great 2012 for yoooou and for meeee xx
goodmorning ♥, was woken up by my barking dogs, but oh well ♥ .had a fun night, so thankful for my family , God, friends,♥ It feels so great
happy new year to all my dear friends... May you have great fun in the cuming year...!!!
Hols great having so much fun staying up till midnight tonight it's glowing to be great
Church/Mosque on NYE. Great -_+ :D reaal good fun
Well 2011 has been great and I'm so looking forward to 2012. I'll be opening my salon, studying science and all up having way more fun!
Fun fact: Great Axe/Sword's chainable attacks can be escaped via switch weapons
Wow 3 hours fun at beach.. Swimming, camel riding, horse riding.. Now off to a local fair.. This new year gonna be great man :)
I wish you all a great evening today:) have fun!
Well that was great fun (y)
Such a fun night last night with some great friends! Feeling blessed :) :)
But before I even go on,BIG,BIG shouts to the resolution 2012 crew!!!!last night was really fun!!!I had a great time!!
2011 I just had fun boy achieved certain goals met great peeps I'm happz leggo let's get that young money cashh money n keep it BOOMIN
We hope everyone and their pets has a fun and safe time tonight and that 2012 is a rewarding and fulfilling year for all. May it be great.
Great spent all my money in the first shop! Gonna be a fun day
Wishn every 1 a great New Years Eve n New Years b safe have fun :D
Great start for Jan, .Love for Feb, .Peace for March, .No worries for April .Fun for May, .Joy for June to Nov, .Happiness for Dec, happy 2012!
Have a great party tonight guys.. Have fun ;D
Hope everyone has a great time tonight :-) . Be safe, have fun, & be sure to get a kiss at midnight.
My guys just got back from camping....the had a great time! So fun!
Wow, what a great workout! That 80 min of torture was actually quite fun!
On this day enjoy the Great Times, Have Fun, Smile, Laugh, Feel Happiness, Reflect on the Awesome Memories, Party The Night Away, Do It Big,
hoping everyone has a great day, and wayyy to much fun tonight<3
Great All Star Birthday Partyyy!!! Having fun ya guys <=-p
Good to be back in the D. A fun trip with great friends.
Have a great last day of 2011 folks, here's to a happy, healthy, fun filled 2012 x
Happy NYE!   Hope you are all getting ready to have a great one!  I plan on having some fun!
How great i spend my night today alone. Everyone's having fun. Sighhh.
Happy New Year tweeps!! I hope you're all having a fun night and that 2012 is a great year for you all!
“@FourinHand: My bra hurts ' !!!” .Finally out the closet.. Have fun fass i think you have a great year ahead best michael
I'm sexy I'm funny I'm wild I'm smart I'm fun to hang with great smile long hair but no money guess
Goodbye 2011. You have been a great, adventurous and REALLY fun :). 2012, BRING IT ;)
It's fun watching folks parents, grand parents and great grandparents have a "REAL" good time...
Lol last night was great fun.
Punya pacar, taun baru sama temen2. It'll be a great night. Have fun you there ☺
I'm feeling great...ready for tonight...its gone be hella fun...going in the new year with something new....
Had a great year. Thanks to everyone I've worked with in 2011, its been super fun. Lets make 2012 even better.
Oh it's great fun! *irish accent*
GREAT All Star's Party < :•D make it fun guys!!!!
be safe, be fun, tonight will be great :) xoxo
Good morning! Happy last day of the year! Hope your New Years is great!! Have fun and be safe!!
DHarrisHSRshow great job to you and your wife fun time tonightp10z
I See alot of complains bout 2011 me siwes complain. it has been great i had fun 2012 ivo ivo.
getting ready for an amazing NEW YEARS EVE. Should be loads of fun with a great group of people we've met in Malta with my lovely fiance
Have a great Hogmanay everyone!!! And if you're out and about....have fun but be careful :) See you all in 2012!!!
Hope everyone has had a great 2011. Have fun tonight whatever your doing, stay safe. And all the best for 2012 :) make your dreams come true
This year has been great! I've learned so much and I've had so much fun and I thank God for everything! I hope for 2012 to be even better!
I wish you in 2012: Great start for Jan, Love in Feb, Peace in march, No worries in April, Fun for May, Smiles for June to Nov & joy for Dec
weird moments, fun moments, lousy moments, great moments, PICTURE-PERFECT MOMENTS ♥ Goodbye 2011 ♥
walking home at midnight will be great fun x
Hoping everyone has a great New Year's Eve! Have fun but be safe!! Looks like I'll be sitting at home by myself. :(
Happy NYE , oh great ill be at work all day , sounds like so much fun *
Ehen,so u came to gidi abi  RT nikkymandy: Fun's over.....Lasgidi ....great people.....enroute warri in a bit ☹"
Happy new year to all may you all have a great 2012 ahead full of love happiness and fun :-)
oh, and Rock of Ages last night was great fun. Second act better than first. Shane Ward surprisingly good. Plot unsurprisingly terrible.
I'm in an awkward conversation with my aunties and uncles about the perfect  bra size  for my great aunty - so much fun
great. I'm gonna spend new year's eve at home. FML, well this is gonna be fun.
Its time for a big party.... its a great fun be with friends.............
What a great night ! Such a cool party with my lovely friends :) .Now, let's have fun tonight (again) for New Years's Eve !
MzB1920 I love that game! I b getting my work out on too! Great fun way to lose weight! Enjoy!
Happy New Year to you all may next year be even better than the last Have a great night and have fun no matter what your doing
Happy New Year's eve to all.  Have a great day and a fun but safe night
Half the night was fun. Hope everyone has a great and safe new years eve and new years!
Wishing everyone a love filled end to 2011 and great things to come in 2012 .Be safe and have fun :)  .Happy New Year
Happy New Years Eve! Here's to a GREAT 2011 and an even better 2012. Be safe tonight and have fun, everyone!
Happy New Year to all my Friend. Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, new knowledge, good times, great health.
Wishing everyone a great health and prosperity in the upcoming year..GOD BLESS YOU ALL..Have fun,party every1..ting!
Fun's over.....Lasgidi ....great people.....enroute warri in a bit ☹
3rd kpop con- literally hot but still worthwhile and so much fun :D i had a really great time. :)
Had a great time with yazid :) sushi moment was fun.
I'm glad my bestfriend told me to have fun dying. Wow what a great friend. Bwhaha.
Happy New Year!!! 2011 was a great year, but hopefully 2012 will be better! Stay safe, have fun, and hope everyones dreams come true! xx
HAD A GREAT TIME 2NIGHT SHOT OUT 2 THE YUNG MULA BOYS 4 A FUN PARTY N DA COMPANY AT DENNY'S NOTHING Ofi11d
Heading back to Dothan for New Years Eve.  Great Christmas in Charleston and thanks to all our friends who made a fun week in Myrtle
Thank God that my boo Shayla & Harry made it to NYC safely! I hope they have great fun!
Lol going through Wikipedia is fun! I was born the same day Jim Henson (Muppet guy) died. Roughly the same hours too. great stuff!
“@Ladi_Yak: Family fishing trip lol this might be fun”......family time is great
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is brilliant, loved it! People who've read the books should love the references. Great fun!
Happy New Year to everyone Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, new knowledge, good times, great health
great AWE board meeting--US/Africa partnerships abounding--join the fun
Going to bring in bells tonight watching Fiesta Mexicanna great fun. Happy  New Year Andre and all. Less than 1 yr  to wait to see you all
I want to wish everybody a great New Year's Eve. Have fun tonight but party safe coz I want you all in my life in 2012! ☺
Having great fun at theme park...Happy new year 2012 everyone!
Thank you 2011! :) It has been a great year! Looking forward for another awesome yearrrrrrrr! Cheers to 2012! :> Have fun guys! x
Ladies I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for making 2011 a great fun year on here, I wish you all a safe & healthy 2012. xx
Happy New Year everybody!!! I hope 2012 brings you great memories!!! Have fun and have the best year ever!!! :) <3 xoxox
Great FUN coaching session earlier. So rewarding to see the smiles and hear them laughing!!
Have a great 2012 to all of my few followers. Have fun tonight :-)
Great to spend it with my kids as they are having fun
2011 - it was great fun knowing you.  We fulfilled some of our goals and we fell short on some expectations.
Oh yea it was another great year lots of fun, ups & downs but overall grateful for life blessings. I have great family,friends so I'm set.
Happy New Year guys? Have a great one! Live you lives, and have fun!
The lat day of 2011 its been a great run I had fun and I hope you all stick with me for another one
Thank you everyone for a great 2011! ∞❤∞ We look forward to more fun in 2012!
I want to wish all of you a great New Year's Eve night wherever you are & whatever you do. :) Stay safe & have lots of fun! <3
★My wishes for you, Great start for Jan, Love for Feb, Peace for March, No worries for April, Fun for May, Joy for June to Nov, (1/2)
Wishlist: Next year will be another great year for me. New adventures, a lot of fun, successful, and happiness. :)
Going to miss 2011. Hope 2012 is fun. All the great memories I had. Will leave Bangladesh in 2012
oia,satu hal yg GREAT di 2011: gue buka akun twit ini and found lots of fun from you all..big thanks :')
2011 was full of love, great memories and lots of fun! i hope 2012 will be even better. i hope y'all have a good time tonight. ♥ jo
Hollywood bowl Liverpool has some great offers available all day on New Years Day!! Fun for all the family at the start of a new year!!
Looking forward to a great night. Hope everyone has a fun evening! Good luck with all your stories, inventions and ventures for 2012 :-)
Happy new year! Hope 2012 is full of loads of fun, love, happiness and great memories for everyone x
Hey all, we truly wish you a GREAT NEW YEAR!!! Drink and have fun...see you in 2012!!! ;) Cheers, LT
I'm still up at damn near 7....it was a great and fun night
Have a great new year's eve everyone! Have fun and be safe :)
Wishing all of my followers a great, happy, awesome, wonderful, fun, healthy, safe and fulfilled New Year :) Have a good one! xxx
Now having fun reading all the LOLing concerns about Roger's form, as if an exho shows really something, especially  Rog. Onto a great 2012!
Great day planned out for today! should be good fun! :)
Happy new year to all my followers. Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, new knowledge, good times and great health.
Happy new years eve Louis:)) .U inspire me so much and I love you:)<3 I hope u have great time in 2012 and as much luck and fun as this one:)
Have a great celebration everyone! Not too much of fun or you just might regret, or not. Heh. Have fun ;)
The last day of the year!!! .Have so fun guys, ill hope next year be better, and we ll have great moments .See you in a year guys
ohya...have a great new year eve all...have fun.. :D
I ventured to do a lot of things this year! Especially traveled by myself (*^^*)I had a lot of fun and great experiences!
It's a very emotional end to 2011 because it's been such great fun. Life is what you make it I think.  More of the same please for 2012
Party last night all my worry, yet on the night great fun. gym Low wood now for a cycle on the spinner
2011 has been so great! It's fully filled with tears, joy, fun and many others! I love 2011! But it'll just be a memory.. :')
....last work day of 2011 was great!!!!!!! Now.....let the fun begin!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^
Setting up my video editing system, great fun
Spend the whole day watching Gossip Girl lol. It's fun! At least I had a great time hehe.
Have found many great friends by getting to know the "I Have a Dream" kids and their loving staff! Certainly no shortage of hugs and fun!!
i wish u all a happy new year and a great evening! .have fun!
Great fun today at khaoyhai~!!!! :D
My 2011 was great and fun bcsee of school. Being the yougest in school, having a very caring classmates. And yeah my family supports too!
Happy New Year to all my followers. Let's make 2012 full of love, laughter, fun, new knowledge, good times, great health ... and English!
Dear 2012,Be a 12 mnth of happiness. 52 Weeks of Fun. 365 Days Success. 8760 Hr goodhealth, 52600 Min lucky, 3153600 of evrythng great,pls.
A slightly early Happy New Year to everyone. Have fun tonight and here's to a great 2012.
A great weekend for the family and friends to wish you a New Year that is unique to great inspirations much fun! Happy Holidays!
Last day of 2011 guys, have a fun day, have a great time party hard!
Making the kittens look out the window at an imaginary squirrel is great fun. They're so excited but so confused. Im laughing!
Hari ini.... Zuper fun! Zuper heboh! Zuper segalanya! What a great day at the end of 2011 :'D
Happy New Year fellow Tweeters! Thanks for making  our first year tweeting fun!! Here's to a great 2012 for all.
We visited Magic Wings in So. Deerfield this past week. It was so much fun. The gift shop is a great place to find gifts for children.
Up nd feel great abt today:-) tonight will b fun! New yrs. Eve DAtweetas
Well it's been a great year, done & achieved a lot. Next year looks even better! Resolution? Keep having fun!
When the sun goes down, we'll wait for midnight!!! Happy New Year!!! <3 Love you all and hope you'll have a great party today!!! Yay fun!!!
Grateful to all for your friendship, support & fun, what a year. Have a great 2012 everyone, it will be what you make of it, enjoy!
Pulled a muscle in my arm dancing with the children on Michael Jackson Experience on the Wii. Great fun :-)
Cool I guess…digg visualizations aren't that great or fun to watch anymore, sorta played out
What a fun and great night in new Orleans
ouran highschool host club was great and fun to watch
NiallOfficial aww have fun nialler!!! hope you have a great christmas! xx
Madea's christmas was funny af and good if u aint seen it yet buy it
Its funny cuz I was on twitter when everybody was watchin it
It feels like 1/1/2011 was only yesterday, and it's not even funny anymore..
Last night was too funny. Tonight doing it all over again goose patron moscoto that's just to start it off.
Wouldn't it be funny if after beast became a human belle was like oh... Naahh I liked the old you✌
It's funny oomf thought I was gonna tell on him and ended up telling on himself....honesty is key
This isn't even funny… okaii I'm just going to say it was a way to end 2011! Feeling fat! That can signify my feelings of this year somehow…
I found this on Facebook and though it was super funny, "I LOVE SHOTS... I ALREADY GOT MY H1N1, TETANUS, AND PENICILLIN SHOT."
No,I didn't just laugh at your 'joke' because I thought it was funny,I laughed at how bad it was
It's funny when people say "Selena is using Justin" It was Justin who asked his manager to meet Selena.
I asked my boss, "Does it bother you that your newborn daughter looks like me?" He didn't think it was funny.
If I was dancing the routine to this norazo track I would b laughing the whole time...it is so funny...the beginning was the best... ;)
Anyway it was toooo funny   like why tf she screaming when everybody else just watchin bo i swear she dumb
lol it was funny tho.
Did theyy really put dat scene in this movie , but it was funny !
This nigga was scared to drink his apple juice.. he thought I put something in it... now that's funny
Might funny my pic was on front bt nw it aint SMH .**LOUEE ON TOP**
Charlotte woke me uppp :( have to starrt cleaning for the paartay tonight, I'm so tired! I got up & like feeell LOLLL it was so funny :')
My dad just fell asleep at the wheel and Sean went 'Jesus Mary and Joseph!' It was so funny I cried but you had to be there sorry
Dad thought it would be funny to FaceTime me while he was on the toilet
Husband was hogging the bed all night so at like 4am, I tickled his feet. He almost killed me. Haha! It was so funny.
Lol , it was so funny .. Because my mom told me I couldn't drink , but my step dad kept sneaking em & giving em to me ! :)
“@OhAlexRusso: It's funny when people say "Selena is using Justin" It was Justin who asked his manager to meet Selena.”
I had a wierd dream last night, i had 12 cats plus sooty and sweep :L they just kept popping up out of no where, it was funny :L
I went on my first double date lastnite and boy was it funny
Hangover 2 was actually so funny jeez gunna watch it as soon as my ass gets home
I find it funny how at the beginning of the year, i was friends with this girl, now i hate her. :L
it wasn't funny @ all .  .it was just the exact mirror reflection of lies !!
we had a bubble bath! it was SO funny
But it was funny though
Just saw the trailer for American Reunion. I thought I was over those movies, but it actually looks pretty funny
Yesterday was funny in the crib me an cuzzo was hurt passed out on the floor didn't even make it upstairs
She thought it was perfectly normal, but I had to walk away and let my dad handle her cause that shit was tooooo funny!
My dream was so crazy and funny ! Wish it happened for real
It was funny how united fans were waiting for anoda 5-goal thriller :D
Anyw hung out with the boys of w412 too today (: it was awesome ! Loong time since i had fun with them (: they all super funny uhhz .
My mother thought it was funny to fill up an old moisturiser pot with after sun with tanning and give it to me.. I've woken up black
its funny how much that tiny room has changed. when we bought the house it was a pile of bricks, you couldn't even walk in there.
Yea I was convinced..lol is funny cuz I didn't know what it was..kinda cool..
Kat was in my dream , it was too funny
Had so much fun yesterday. We was too turnt up in the car on the way home, it was funny!
Got me hot...hahaha..it was so funny ...i forgot to laugh....#pissed
Just caught up with Ab Fab on the iplayer, not sure if it was funny or just plain stupidity, passed half an hour though!
Lmao zac is funny af im sad he aint gone be there tonight it woulda been fun:/ not because he was gone smash the homis though lol
I talked to Jalen for like an hour on the phone last night it was funny as shit.
NYE 2008 I almost got arrested by policeman on a horse....bc some chick was hitting on my BF & I wasn't having it.... funny in hindsight
Its funny realising that since I first read The Hunger Games in April, there has not been even one day when it was not present in my mind.
All these Chuck Norris jokes are getting really old now. Its not funny anymore...to be honest it was never in the first place
So I woke up on the couch this morning with lil mans naked butt inches from my face... He thought it was funny to watch cartoons in the buff
It was so funny!
So 3 White boys tried to talk to me lastnite! It was too funny...
Just watched THE NOOSE. It was damn funny i swear. XD
As if Blackburn won, i mean, I should be happy because I was born there, but it was funny seeing them loose!:(
Lmao, had to run for the train because there was 5 minutes before it left, soo funny!
Goodmorning big head (I. Love him doe bt thts nt a gud morning txt lmao it was funny doe
It's funny how I was so into NCAA Men's basketball before the NBA began.... Now I don't even pay attention anymore
idk what that was about but it was funny as hell to me
jquiabby_96 Lol it was so funny when the two girl inmates came out
Why it was funny
Gave another cab driver the zombie apocalypse lecture. He didnt think it was so funny that the world is supposed to end. Cry me a river, man
While Steven was talkking to me on his house phone lastnight, his mama came in and said "Let me use the phone". It was so funny.
I remember when I bought my first dSLR camera, I wasn't know anything about what's mean of P, M, Av and Tv mode. it was funny days. Lol
The funny thing is I was watching Narnia movie last night but it still concern me so I went on line about it
This homless man thought he knew my dad lls hahah it was too funny
Lmfaoooo , he said hey mami you must play the trumpet or something bc you making me all horny , so corn it was funny
But lol , I just got through watching Bad Teacher . . . It wasnt all that funny but it was a good movie though .
sike nawl it was funny i just put up with some stupid ass people!!!!
Watching Mr Magoo! This was an old cartoon when I was a child! It's still too Funny!
Fairy tales really do come true! Royal Wedding 2011 is a proof. How funny I watched it while I was confined in the hospital :)
That awkward moment when.. .You show someone something you thought was funny.. .& They don't think it's funny at all.
"@funnyorfact: If America has Ke$ha, does Europe have K€sha?" If that was meant to be a 'funny' fact, it was a bit of a fail.
The Sitter was funny AF! Must cop it when it comes out on DVD  I actually wouldn't mind going to see it again hehehe
It was some funny shit going on in that household too lol bro was about to get caught up.
Tom Cruise: What day is it? .Cameron Diaz: Someday.  .Funny, I thought she said Sunday but she repeated it so I was wrong. Lol. Knight and Day
Last year at a nye jam I snuck over to the "dj" area and put shania twain on cuz I thought it was funny
It was like, 5 weeks ago. Peter and Jake really need to get over it. It's not funny anymore. :(
LIAM: I spent too much time with Niall, and the next couple of days, my accent was pretty irish, it was so funny
its funny cause I though yesterday was gonna be lame af but it was good :D
I found it funny people on the IC thought Oh Swag was a serious attempt at being a rapper...given the rappers I like that is
Cards last night was one of the highlights of christmas, not just because i won but because it was very fucking funny.
Okey this was really funny and stuff but it is VERY important that we win our game against QPR now!
That would have been funny if it wasn't me who hit his nice car.. I wasn't laughing. He handled it pretty good though. I was surprised
It was funny @ the start but by the time the parrot got 20 beers down it started to get ultra annoying then he rattled off the other 80...
My sister started to go off at me because I said I hadn't texted all year. It was rather funny.
Blackburn fans are fucking jokes. Chanting 'we love you blackburn we do' funny how a couple of weeks ago it was 'Kean out'
(c) and Nath being like i wanna see it, getting worried ha! Siva being like you need to see this its too funny! Nath was speechless (c)
How funny would it be if tonight it was like 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 ... BOOM !!!! The world ends !
Omg it was so funny I went out with my mums friend and we were in her boyfriend car and he put the 1D cd on ahaha lol
It's funny how Monica and I used to always bring each other breakfast to work!  that was my pooh thang
Zane skied for the first time this week. Told me he was sure he would be good at it bc he was really good at Wii skiing.  Very funny boy.
Grammar jokes are funny: The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense. (:
Ppl keep askin about mi wrist n I thought I was bn funny by say I was beating mi nigga n it got hectic :(
It's funny how miserable I was a year ago... . . .Some things never change.
I Was Beinq SO SERIOUS When I Said Dont Call/Text Me . Think Its A Joke It You Want To But It Wont Be Funny When I Dont Answer/Reply !
Bitch, please. First of all, no. You don't get to be a douchebag and then act like it was some funny little thing.
Lol. My tweet about Thames Street was funny.. Admit it. ;D
Last night was fun.! My feet are sore but whatever. And that creep had some people scared. I thought it was funny
It's funny how we think alike , I was just about to text him but he texted me <3
Its funny to see how many people are on twitter now. About two or three months ago it was "stupid". I told you guys it was cool:)
It was fun, funny yet humiliating hahahah heheheeh
it was vry funny watching you dancing in your weding jajajajaja
50/50 was pretty good. I'd like to have been able to watch "It's Kind of a Funny Story" but gotta get back to work. Happy New Year
Its funny how people can make you think they love you but it was all bullshit.
Jack and Jill was hella funny! LOVE IT! :)
It was sooo funny.
Wish I just recorded that wake up call it was too funny
My yoghurt tasted funny... it was out of date on the 22nd December. Vom.
It's funny because all the blackburn fans jumped out of their depth when it was 2-0, but now it's a tie, it's all 'keans fault'
thought it was pretty funny that my mom wanted me to be designated driver.. sike!
was that suppose to be funny? I dont get it
Liked A Midsummer Night's Dream last night, it was a nice version of the play, really funny.
SweetlyChIC oh  but it still was funny lol7yQypU
Funny seeing ppl tweeting abt what an amazing year last year was, doing all the things I'm doing next year! Looking forward to it more now!
Lmao dat sht was funny wen ifirst heard it..
the fvcking thing I ever hear is, I'am a bitch? Haha, it so funny. Yeah, if I were a bitch, it was a destiny...
I'm a funny person it was mad last night I just remember everyone laughing
Ok ok I'm laughing now! It was funny!
Damn Is all you do is talk Shit? It was kinda funny at first .. But now its just defining you!
Went out for a fag and went to lean against the front door, not realising I hadn't closed it properly. It was funny.
Have yu and yur mom ever went out to eat and then ran out b4 the bill came??.. swear my mom funny as shit doe. And it was her idea.
Phayyaa The guy looked at me funny when he gave me my order so I think it was :(QzEN
Found something on my old phone. It was funny. The old text from someone. I didn't say a name,but who else?♥
My last tweet was funny to me for some reason....i think it was how i said it
”It was a joke“. NOT FUNNY
Smdh@ my last few tweets. Just too damn funny. I have neverrrrr seen a Bitch that obvious in insecurity. It was amazing!
U saw it disrespectful but noone else noone was trying to be funny by talking to
So some bastard or bastards thought it was funny to go on my Facebook and update a status....whoever did which I know you are weak
And I hate asking my aunt for money...yeah she would give it to me even if it was her last, but I feel funny.
It's so funny how I thought she was dead or some shit. .
It was funny while it lasted
Well we watched bridesmaids last night, some funny moments, not LOL funny tho :(  J said it was as funny as watching oli have anaesthetic!!
it’s funny how you can fall in love with the person you thought was the last person you would fall
Me: come at me bro! .Sister: fuck ya!  .The way she said it was so funny LOL
This little 3yr old boy jus told his dad "daddy go back to McDonald's &get me a oatmeal!" His dad didn't think it was funny but I sure did
Hahaha omg ah lian really set her Whatsapp name to 'ah lian' (Y) that was so funny, it totally made my day
I freaked out on some people a few hours ago, oh man and i was rappin on twitter lawd what was i thinkin it was funny tho..
She threw at me a knife and said it was a joke oh it's so funny
I think its funny how i was crushing on BJ this timer last year.. By January i stopped ignoring it and him lol and thennnnn April 20th Whoop
Me "LOL; it was funny coz you were angry." Him "My middle finger has a boner for you." »Aahh sorry lurb yh :P«
Still finds it funny that he said i was jealouse and a lier. i could of done had u and thrown ur ass to curb by now.  at least u said sorry
So just wrote a funny status on fb. That was a waste of time because everyones too drunk to appreciate it 
Lmao Priscilla got out of bed all randomly ...it was funny :p
My sister asked me was I in the MOB yesterday! It was too funny!
It was funny. At first. Then normal. Then it felt a bit voyeuristic watching all the drunks stumbling around forgetting I was still there.
Also just watched Paul and thought it was pretty damn funny!
omg for the first time I came tipsy it was really funny lol
Woks up to a three page message that was in my DM,  lol its not funny but it was my EX crying out to me TF man I can't deal
God knows how much of a funny moment it was in the house hwen I carried him HAHAHAA. phew
And he's funny as hell too. I remember when he was talking on his phone and was cursing whoever it was. I near dead
everything was so funny today, until it wasn't
u kno it funny kem n i was preein ppl dt tek morw dan 5gran go a party will neva admit it was all dat
me and my sister made a movie last night and it was so funny we had on wigs and all LoL:) Good Times
It was pretty funny because CNBlue and FTIsland kept thanking the other's group fans for cheering for them. They were really sweet ^^
"#something tells me it wasn't as 'out of the blue' as you think it was. xxx" funny cool dating 224
I find it funny how girls buy guys stuff but if a guy was to wear girl's stuff that would be like Oh EM GEEE.
It be funny when I be tryna act all tuff with Justin like"would really beat u the Fuck up then he tried to pull me out his car I was bitchn
Just finished editing the music video me and my cousins made to sexy and I know it. It was oh so funny
2011 was the worst year but it was funny at the same time met some wonderful ppl
Funny how fast a semester just passed. It wasn't that fast coz all I remember was complaining thru it all
this guy was like, "i'ma take ma time over this..." and started fake punching this other guy on the floor, it was so funny.
OPPA OPPA !! with SHINee was really cute and funny :3 kekeke love it love it!!
It's funny how they never look at the guy in the wrong...they always look at the "other" girl when in reality it was his fault...
you know I was awake at eight o'clock in the morning because some people though it was funny to start with the firework!!
Natural Born Killers: As stupid as I remembered. Good soundtrack. "I'm not sure what it all means," was a funny line by Mickey.
Funny how i know all the words forget you thats a tune that was big when it came out!
It's so funny to see what's going on when you drive around at this time. There was a couple having an argument good way to end the year..
At least i kinda had fun. And it was funny.. xD
i have seen to many people ranting about 'new year new me, lol jk' etc it was funny the first time
Lol my last tweet was kinda funny but Ik it won't make ish right
Apparently my Holy Cross card came weeks ago but dad decided it was funny to hide it.
Just thinking how funny it is in work, hearing "we all thought the iPhone 5 was coming but all that happened was the 4s" :P it's a name!
I was going to tweet something funny but now that I'm tweeting it doesn't sound funny.
It would be funny if we all thought we were gunna die next year so everyone had sex and we didn't die in the end and everyone was pregnant.
Last night was funny. Not sure I remember it all, but it was a definite laugh.
So funny watching 'Can't Stop the Music'.  I loved that movie when I was younger and now it seems so....?? Anyway I am tired as..off to bed.
He got in the house stone drunk last night! Lls. .it was tooo funny!
That was so funny :') she attacked Louis when we untied her though. Still, it was funny.
Hadda a dream about dontae and my dad.... It was funny af but rude at the same time.
But it was funny lol
Dad , Ferr & i went a lil crazy and tried on a lot of coloured wigs just now . It was so funny , even the Americans laughed :0 ha ha
It's funny how I really feel like this EP is waste of time. I can finish it but... It all feels dated. Like it was practice.
Even if your tweet was funny adding "=))" to it will suck all the funniness out.
People should text me more porn on a regular basis, it was so funny.
man couldnt go to sleep last night it was to much funny til the end but wa im gone do now i got practice n like 30 min
He good convo with him last night/morning... It was funny && weird
It was funny as shit doe
A couple of days ago we saw Scott Pilgrim vs. The World and I really liked it! It was so funny, and I really want to read the comics now!
Saw a sec sch friend and the funny think was when he was sec 1, he got beaten and his tooth broke into half. Now it's still the same. Lol!!!
Went panto last night first time in yrs cindrella it was good and very funny
Apparently the Big Bang Theory was invented by a Catholic priest.  No wonder it's not funny.
A joke bot found my last tweet funny because I  said 'it was so hard' such a dirty mind.
Hahaaaaa my mum is so funny when having arguments it was my mum against 5 people and they walked away first LOL :L
Wonder if that's him.  It's been a long time, I can't be sure.  It was funny as Hell reading his tweets, though, whether it's him or not.
Gran told me when I was sleeping I laughed in it hahhaah something funny musta happened
One direction on alan carr, i'm crying with laughter! Forgot how funny it was!
It was funny when liverpool drew with blackburn last week. Not funny anymore. United need to fix up!!
Great start to 2012 dogs barking and running around like crazy possessed freaks...though it was funny :)
It's funny when we watched these episode cos' Robin was in fond of Ted and now it's Barney ^^ Babar powaaa!
ach day what ever was it funny,amazing,boring,baad,horible, or even crazyyy ;( .i just want  to thank u 2011 ;)..... .U made me some times....
Would actually be quite funny if it was the end of the world
I was watching a video and it was funny until that nigga said KanGAY I turned that shit off.
My mum called Rupert Grint Rupert grinch! It was so funny but I think you had to be there
We had a friend and common and it was funny to meet him and to eventually laugh at my friend in him debate and talk back to each other.
It was funny doe how she jus went to sleep on me
If i was Marvin i wouldn't let the boys organise my stag do! after what happened at reeesh's birthday! it will be something amazing & funny!
Last night had a drunk gurl text me Lmao it was funny
I thought it was pretty funny.
Funny thing was the song my iPod played at that moment was "it just ain't gonna workout"
Y'know, it's funny. When my liver was healthy I didn't need or want a drink. Now that my liver's crap n' can't, I want one. Will have a coke
A funny story happened on the way to the Weber ....lol but it was goooood !
skins has arrived. I ordered it 2nd class. its funny how my 1st class order  was dispatched same day, yet this is the only one that arrived
ArianaTheBig hahahahah okay I understand it was pretty funny when I saw it :') hahaha omg :') ?tSw
GoodBye 2011 it was funny but I'm breaking up with you for 2012 ☺
How yu laugh and yu pass gas loud loud? Smh my husband is funny as hell then it was loud
I'm not being funny but if I was alive, I'm pretty sure it woulda been the Jackson 6.
I was watching the world of lee evens last night and it was so funny I was laughing nearly all the way through!
Olivia is now shouting at me for ringing her at 4 :( it was funny okay, you moody little shite!!
Haha..u just made my day! Ur last words make me laugh..haha..it was soooooo funny! Aigoo!
yesterday i was literally thinking about how funny it would be if Louis changed his icon to the same as mine. now look what happened...weird
So I was watching old episodes os supernatural and I swear I saw cory on it. I was like FINN m everyone looked at me funny
How funny. I thought 2012 was still far away and it's only a few hours away.
When I went to buckingham palace I thought it was funny that there was plug sockets
BlameRosie Ahh right! It was so funny! :') I did live disney though! :)xxNR2u
Deja Vu - When u think u're doing something u've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Hate it when I get associated to people I was with months or years ago. But then it's always funny to hear the bitchyness about them after
my grandma thought it was funny
Watched Bad Teacher last night - thought it was really funny.  We were a little drunk though...
Swear it was fangirl friday again! Its so funny!
It was funny cuz I punched him for doin that ^_^ lol
At our new years eve party there was some random lady dancing and taking a lot of pictures of herself. It was so funny
My dear old mum is so funny 'it was so hot last time I came to Essex,I only used the cashpoint to feel cold gun metal on the back of my neck
The King's Speech was d best film in 2011. I still rmber I watched it w you at PS. U slept during this movie. That's funny! I miss u
Got stuck in a dress for half an hour in Zara, it was kinda funny
35 quid ralph hat fukin lost it last night ! Rageee was a goood nyt tho the irish are too funny !!
My mom was telling me some stories about myself the first night I was here.... She said they had me so HIGH off morphine it was too funny.
was gonna watch a movie tomorrow.. but they cancelled it LOL funny as. its like hey watch movie with us. oh wait its cancelled >.<
Heard a very funny dream story!!! Hahahahaha I wanna say who's dream and what it was, but then again that would be too much info. ;)
beef at the party last night, it was actually a fucking funny night!!
Datsz how u kno dat shiit was funny cusz we laffinq 2weeksz lata at it still
Car full of dudes called me Beyonce n my coworker Jenifer Hudson ! -__- It was funny tho
I remember when guys here would diss festac and all of that. it just seemed funny to me, i actually thought it was a joke
Sorry it turns out there's nothing wrong with your looks now. Because the change was made more interesting and funny. And I admit it
My electrical toothbrush got pressed on inside my bag. I wonder if people thought it was something else of mine making that funny noise :-/
Coffee.  Baby at next table so fascinated by me it won't eat food offered by Dad.. staring...was funny, then embarrassing, now mildly creepy
It was funny last year when at ambers we all missed the bells because we were wrecked :L
I just think it is very funny that this was a huge topic this week. Every season IMO he is dealing with something. We just don't know...
hahahaa...That was soo funny!! I go later in the park, i hope it's niccee :D
I can still remember that i was on the concert of big time rush in may, it was so funny ♥
It's not funny! It never was! Please don't do it again... :(
funny how the mood today with one hand New Year's Eve party and it is wonderful and the other mood was not festive
Funny thing is I started at 126 stuff like Sigha and Shifted and people bitched it was too deep and wanted something more 'upbeat'
Also, I dreamt that laura had her baby and it was so ugly that I cried (funny thing is it looked exactly like laura haha)
I was soo sleepy yesterday morning that i just started crying. Lmao. It was soooo funny. I really DID NOT wanna be up..
Funny how there was a phase where I used to say "Would it matter two years from now?" and now I find myself asking the same question.
It's funny how SHINee was the group I didn't like before I knew Kpop. I actually assumed key was a girl with his RDD hair. :P
I just think it's so funny that Paul was actually using his twitter instead of the people that run it for him. Luv dat man.
Liams embarrassing moments. Louis:The most embarrassing moment was when I ripped your trousers. Liam: That was funny, It's liberating really
When this woman at the shop tunes me she doesn't like the new generation. The funny thing is it was her generation that raised me... Stupid
"oh lawd Budda, iont know where that thang at. Its so funny i watched it a dozen times"..." Shirley, where was the 12th place u watched it?"
Last night when I parked my husbands car it was making a funny noise... I looked everywhere with a torch, couldn't work it out! Mystery..
How funny was it that liam was in the m&g yesterday hhaha
Not quite as funny as I expected it to be considering who was in it but The Promotion was still an enjoyable hour and a half
But the funny thing is that I actually thought 'oh, its Halloween. Lol I thought it was NYE, what a dopey' um doubledopey x
"and lol funny that I give you the video of Jonghyun in a birdcage, that was SBS Gayo Daejun too, last year lmao." it's just a chair shut up
Last shows of Priscilla? :( I went to see it when Jason Donovan was in it, it was a FAB night! And a funny show! That's just my opinion tho!
My bitch ass fell today in the mudd ,it was funny
I was at a New Year workout today with Eurovision theme and Lipstick was on it! I went totally craZy =;) So funny!
It's funny, but for the last two seasons, the weirdest our team was the better we did (7 defenders anyone?)
Funny that it was made at 630 am in the morning but hell. I missed the midnight train to harlem
What possessed this woman to wake me up cuz she was up. I don't find it funny at all
its kinda funny cause i can last without love and was not searchin for it, but i gave you a chance and you blew it up.
Deja Vu - When u think ur doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
The train guard just announced that the train was stopping at "Madrid, Barcelona and Paris" after Aberdeen. It was genuinely really funny.
The best episode of new girl "a messy x'mas" it was very funny and touching! (:
I went to see the fireworks, but we couldn't see anything cause of the clouds! But it was funny cause everyone was cheering with sarcasm!
Funny you people :3 treat new year as a big thing, but no one was talking when it was the muslim new year :|
WE TOOK OUR FIRST SHOWER TEWGETHA N IT WAS FUN N FUNNY AF.....I WAS DIEN LAUGHN......
It was quite funny to see though.
its so funny if yas knew what it was about!
I remember when they made Harry wear blue nail varnish aw,it was too funny
it's funny how juan was like " my baby is not gonna win me " -_-
when we were little, we'd bathe together. Always got out 1st. When I got out he peed in the tub. I thought It was funny. So I peed in there
"It was all good just a week ago niggas feel theyselves & then Watch The Throne drop niggas kill themselves" Kanye b funny!
It's funny how we divide our lives into hours, days and years. 2011 wasn't just a year It was part of your life that you will never get back
Memory is a funny thing . When I was in the scene I hardly paid it any attention . Then few years later I would recall it in such detail
I had a joke to tweet. Word said it had 135 characters. Apparently Twitter counts the spaces so it dont fit. Shame...it was really funny.
it was funny
i watched a simon armstel stand up thing on telly last night, it was so funny - he's so like me (socially awkward) and <3s Jared Leto!! :D
I woke up to see a bunch of bullshit ass texts about people dying & getting shot .. Shit ain't funny & it never was !
Hahaha just did that just dance app thing with this child, omg it was so funny!
it tirns out the boy was 10 and i think it is fucking funny. i no my lynden wood piss him self
HAHAHA that just put a big smile on my face. It was a funny yet cute moment huh. Haha!
So funny seeing my 3yr old Jackson start hugging a mans leg in sainsburys thinking it was me.
It's funny how I was there for you when no one else was, and I still ended up being the bad guy.
It's funny how the ghost said egg when I was eating quail eggs.
Me and Vic had an awkward moment Thursday afternoon Hahahaha but it was funny AF
Oh! and I watched Jarheads. I like those kinds of movies. And then I started watching MANswers. It was funny so I changed it.
ya ion fuck w/ dat YOLO shit. I just thought it was funny af when ashley said it. lol
2011 was magic, funny, amazing, full of weird thing, full of new people and new challenges. It was also full of family
I fell in love with some guy who thought it was funny to break my heart more the once.
my sister was the only one who didn't get a rosette at her horse comp so she made some huge one to show it off, so funny
NAW BYTCH SHAME DNT DESCRIBE IT ROTFLMAO...I WAS BEYOND SHAME!!..BUT DA SHIT WAS FUNNY THO!!!
Funny. When I was blond it was Louis/Harry. :-)
I was so oblivious that it's funny
It's funny how the first time we were at this place, something between us was beginning.....
Hyorin's ass damn~~~ funny how no one called her slut, cuz if it was Hyuna everyone will be calling her names by now
Is it my twitter friend haha. That was funny.:)
owww! just hit my funny bone nothing about it was funny! at all:(
this face  would be so funny if it was cross eyed lol
Hahahaha My Last Tweet Was Funny to Me Everytime I think about it.
It's funny how people say 2011 was a great year.
Got to admit that my mum is hilarious! I was telling her about a lad&she turns around and says 'dickhead' it was soo funny!;L
It was really funny at the time...
Apparently it was dispatched today! Funny that! Think they did it on purpose!!
Hahahahaha nothing it's just funny how my relatives told me how big i was from the last time they saw me up to now
Q; When is a noun an adjective? A: On Twitter- "OMG, went to Rupert's par-T last nite. it was SO FUN." Alias 'So much Fun', or 'So Funny'.
I really want to spark this hookah but I'm to lazy to do it...where is a genie when you need one! <---- I thought that was pretty funny lol
Juicy J gotta chill. At first it was funny now I'm just feeling bad for him
Doesn't sound funny but it really was
yeah, it is funny to me how you just was on his dick, and he hoed you
I made a song off some beat on my game i can't think of it tho. It was funny
A pervert was wanking over Katie on twitcam last night. It was funny.
BTW I did watch The Hangover last night. Quite funny, but a shame Tyson was in it. Not into watching convicted rapists try to be funny.
2 year old cousin just got his head stuck through the chair, I know I shouldn't laugh. But god it was sooo funny
Kung Fu Panda 2 was not bad :D it was really funny and I liked it... No not because of the pandas in it lol it was a good kids movie :D
Cousin started playing 'Stereo Hearts'... I fangirled... she looked at me funny... I said it was Niall's song... she thinks I'm crazy!
I fricken liked the movie Tucker & Dale Vs. Evil a lot! Like it was funny and heartwarming and yet,,,bloody and awesome!
That was just funny & random! Haha oh little brother! My kinect will be dangerous cuz it has me on & I dont know! Ppl can hear me >.>
omg so I was rewatching suju ehb and I forgot how funny it is
Lmao , I screamed out " give me that becky ! " & my mama busted out laughing & she said " really miracle ? " lmao it was so funny .
In my last tweet, i was meant to say wasting..not Waisen..funny how it happened..didn't remember i typed that!
Just saw The Chance Up. It was a really good movie and funny.
When it was raining and rob was standing in the doorway and we was soaking I was like 'oh rob your hats getting wet' im funny
Omg why is that a 'Top Tweet', it was just my opinion. I know it was a joke but I didn't find it funny. People stress way too much.
I hate her,if it was i,i wud hv slapd her....here i am talkn 2 her....wat a funny world....lol...#smh
It was a cute lil funny romcom
but it was funny smh lOl
i have woken up with the cold. i had a funny feeling i was getting it cos i was complaining about a tickley throat all night long. boohoo.
I remember when Anna Banana was over one nite and I showed her this video she was freakin out is it was too funny.....
Okay, so one of my tweets has a swear word in D: It wasn't be, it was something I reblogged from someone which was funny....
My feet are tiny...I wear a 4 in men's....lol it was funny. I got the sizes mixed up when I bought converse a dew months ago...
That WAS Rude I Know.. It Didn't Mean to Happen but It Happened.. Kinda Funny.. Lol.. Anyway.. Then Later I Spend the Evening at My In-Laws
Then he switched it to some yardy songs. Authentic Capleton impression, eyyy loool this man was on his job. It was just funny man.
I was dancing with two left feet tonight. lol, fucked up twice. It's anything but funny tho. Ian eenn laughing.
Denny's was good and good time with them and it funny as hell. Party was blast tho
LOLOL. And he still came in!! I know he wasn't well but it was too too funny.
Tonight was great :) It's funny how one person can turn my entire mood around.
I going to start a debate  . .1 was Michael Jackson  .White. Or black. The punk  .It's funny how people forgot he played with kids
I turned on the TV just in time to hear some woman on the BBC say 'cheese' and then nothing else. It was very weird, but funny.
If whatever I say isn't funny to you, I don't care lol it was funny to me so bammm!
Funny how everyone was in love with The Carter IV but once Take Care dropped everyone forgot all about it . Shows how people really dick ...
Me: *laughing at a dry joke* .Friend: What's funny? You look stupid.. .Me: Neh! The joke was stupid,nd why? Bcos you made it,Stupid! /:|
Jk I'm not with her I just thought her tweet was funny and wanted to go along with it lol
I got on jada bebo yesterday ctfupppp it was soo funny kill.
It was soooo funny last night when my little sister phoned Calum and Ethan and started shouting at them. Me and my big sister were buckled.
granny was on tv last night lol it was simply funny :D
The old shit is old until it resurfaces and u back in the same spot wishing u was in the spot before the last spot. Lol. Funny to me but tru
Finally Off The Phone (: ! Tonight , Was Funny AF , Thoe ! Good Night My Followers &' Tommorow It's Going Down !
It was funny that Eito went crazy during previous 2 shows and then calm on this afternoon's.
