It's a great day to be alive! Make the most of it
Perfect beach day - mid 70's and blue skies! Great way to end one fantastic year and bring in the next.
The one day I choose to watch TV, it won't cut on. Great!
8am run, check! What a great day for it!
Good morning all, I hope everyone has a great day...
Aight ya, have a great day. Be careful of the crazies out there, aka me.
Walked up a hill... Had a great day :L
Last day of 2011 damn minus the BS this year was great
I'm only just waking up and this day is FUCKING GREAT so far. Lmao jk.
GoodMornin too all my Single Sexy Followers...I hope Y'all have a Great day
Hello everyone! Have great day! :)
Woke up with so much happiness in my heart. This is going to be a great day!
This day is already off to a great start...
Mario Kart fest with daughter - great way to spend last day of the year!!
Off to bed at 10am. Sorry for flooding everyone's timeline. 365th day of 2011! Have a great new year's eve everyone!
Great result for Blackburn. Liverpool fans not quite as annoyed with the 1-1 Boxing Day draw.
Today, should most definitely be a great day.
Looks like I'll be spending the day reading until work at 5... Great new years eve...
Last day of 2011! What a great year for our kids in India. Looking forward to an even better year in 2012
Last day of twenty 11 - its been an awesome year, I just hope to follow it up with a great twenty 12 campaign - have a great night peeps
Great Day Beautiful People.....Believers and Thinkers!!!! Woo Hooo *Jumping Up & Down*
RT@sardesairajdeep:Last working day for a great role model for new India: E Sreedharan, the metro man. Showed what true 'public service' is.
Got a great day ahead of me. hope yall do too
, today is gonna be a great day...
It's a great day to be alive, I know the sun's still shining when I close my eyes
Juli 22/ juli 26: be a great day at my college. presentation of my thesis (BF n me)
Man Twitter is FN up again. Everyone Have a great day to kick this year out the door.
I've never been so exhausted before in my life! But screw that Ima still have a great day and night [=
Good morning!  Happy NYE!  Have a great day....live your last day of 2011 to the fullest.
My doggies are back home too; great day already lots of puppy kisses!! Oh how I missed my babiesss
Listening to tyler the creater, what a great way to start a day
Today is going to be a great day.
A guy at the gym told me that I inspire him. What a great way to start my day!
Great day beginning had to change a tire at 8 in the AM and found out I needed 4 new tires... Beautiful start GOD IS GOOD!!! HAPPY NEW YEARS
Just ate mcdonalds hell yeah great start to my day
Good morning all. Thanks be to God for the day. I'm feeling great this morning. Hope everyone has a great morning like I'm having :)
Today is gonna be a great day!
Happy old years day / new years eve everyone <3 have a great last day of 2011
Beautiful day..Shopping in VA..Have a great day!
I thank God for another day to live he is so great
Hope everyone has a great last day of 2011.
Last day of being sec 2. I'll be sec 3 tmr. Oh great.
got this TM103 on spin great way to start the day
Good morning......Happy New Years Eve!!!!......In a positive mind frame.....Feelin good feelin great :) Hope u all have a great day
TODAY WILL BE A GREAT DAY, GOTTA CLOSE THE YEAR OUT IN A POSITIVE WAY!
Had a great day with my 2 fav people!!!
My mum and dad think I'm some freak who likes to sit in the dark and sleep all day, great.
Early morning run on the beach ...great way to kick off the last day of 2011 :) pool time
Gonna be a great day. No matter what.
Good Morning .. Hope everyone has a great day cuz its the last one in 2011
I've managed a very productive Saturday and feeling organised and ready to kick start the new year! Hope you're all having a great day :)
Bad day so far, WHU get beat & Man U lose! Great!
PowerLifts" 6 great words to start your day- Lord, I Draw Near to You. Meditate on these 6 words today.
The last day of 2011 is here, so are we waiting for you to come have a great Brunch and get you started with your NYE celebration!
Today would be a great day to run off @ 2 so I might just do that..
Listening to Kanye is great New Years Eve prep music. At the end of the day god damn it I'm killing this shit.
New years eve day! Enjoying the last of 2011 :) you've been a great year now on the the next one!
And I'm not hungover! Great way to start the day
Good morning twitter land! Let's make it a great last day of work in '11 lol
spongebob in the morning HOPEFULLY makes a great day!
Happy New Year's Eve btw. Hope everyone has a great day <3
It's super foggy this morning!! =-O last day of 2011... Let's make it a great one!! :-)
What a great day so far 4 football the mancs getting beat ha ha chill time now before next session ha
Great day for sports today
Good morning lovesss!!! Have a great day!!
Great hustle Since day one you hurt me From the underground to the surface I rose out to the fire I, emerged out of the furnace
Halo semua yg lg baca ini. Jbn besok uda taun baru. Cuma mau ngucapin, happy new year and have a great day friends! ;)
Aderol, kit kat bar and red bull: breakfast of champs. Today is gonna be a great day at work!
Good morning peeps! Another great day! Thank the man above!
Great Day
A Happy new year for Japan!! I hope you have a great day and a year x)
I'm going back to work today. Everyone have a great day, enjoy your NYE Festivities and be safe.
Having a great day...stew is cooking nicely, and am preparing the cocktails for tonight!
great practice... bout to get the day started now! no time to waste
I burnt my fish finger, great start to the day.
Happy New Years Eve to all!! Have a Great day/night and be safe on the roads!!
Good morning everyone! I hope you're all having a great day! How can I help you today? How can you help me? Let's network!
This would be a great day for a Coach Wendell practice
Good breakfast make a good day, Gettin good head make a great day :-))
Morning my beauties! Last day of the year....Make it a great one :)
A great day (palace win and man utd lose at home).
Cereal to milk ratio was perfect.. Today might be a great day
Great fucking start to a great fucking day. Happy New Year.
“@Buddiator: It's my 23rd birthday today and as a special victims unit fan can I have a RT ? x”//Done and done. Have a great day and HNY.
Last Day of 2011!!! Make it GREAT!!  Give Thx!!
2011 was a great year for me. I worked very hard and I was very blessed. I plan to take 2012 and utilize every single day productively. ♥ :)
OMG!!!! Last day of 2011!!! Ahh! Hope everyone had a great year and hope all will have a great 2012!! :) <3
11:11 on the last day of 2011 -- let 2012 be a great year!! :D
Last Day of 2011... have a great day! Blessings
Good morning. Have a great day, last day of 2011 ☺
Happy Bday Nelly! Have a great day...
As i stated yesterday today is gonna be a great day for me and no one is gonna stop that
Good morning, gonna have a great day!!!
But I hope everyone has a great day
Make it a great last day of 2011...I wish you all a great 2012...Live, Love and Laugh More!!
It's been a great day for football, Berba scores two and United still lose to Blackburn!!!!
Some sex would have been a great way to start the day
Gotta a feeling today gonna be a GREAT DAY !!!
Good morning homies! Have a great day! Be Blessed!!!!
Make the last day of 2011 a great one!
Today is going to be a great day!!!! Happy New Year everyone!! xoxox Can't wait for 2012!
have a great day, you lovely people. (:
Making the last day of 2011 a great one!
Not a great day yesterday. 2-2, but. Down for the night. Looking at a few things now, butt like louisville +10 and the over 136 same game...
Happy last day of 2011 my lovers!!! Make it great!!! :o) xoxox
I was in a great mood all day and now I'm on the verge of bursting into tears. what the fuck?
West ham messed up my coupons but Barnsley thrashed Leeds and cue card won!!! Great day
Today is going to be a GREAT day (:
Get in you Rams.  6 points from a tough festive period is a great return.  Made my day that has!!
Good morning all its gonna be a great day
Throwback song of the day... Semi-Charmed Life (97') by Third Eye Blind. Great song!
Great day to be a rover. Who the fuck is man u united?
Last day of the year NO Resolution for me tho!! Jus keep being a GREAT mom, Girlfriend, happy, w/job STD and pregnancy FREE!!!
going bed, goodnight guys and have a great new years day :)
Last year's new year eve was a great one. I still can remember every single thing happened in that day. :')
A full day of snowboard after 5 years! Still alive :-) , it was a great last day of 2011!
Tomorrow...i will still be the same Jen trying real my Goals & achieve them in 2012... Have a Great Day every1! . . ;)
Morning Everyone! Have a great day :)
Hope everyone is having a great day and I want to wish you all a HAPPY NEW YEAR I hope that 2012 would be a great year for all of you<3 :D
Fanks to jehovah dat made moi see d last day of 2011!Gods great!
This is the day I imagine the boss of a calendar factory calling all the old months and saying look it's been great but we have a new April.
SNORTING COKE AND WANKING IN A PHONE-BOX NOW  ,THIS IS A GREAT DAY YIPPEE
Have a Great Day Everyone!
'You had talent to be great fighter. Instead you're day breaker for a 2nd rate loan shark.' it's a living 'No! It's a waste of life!' -Rocky
Have a great last day of year! Remember; take stock if you must but remember to count your blessings before your misfortunes.
Great morning guys last day in 2011, as we step in 2012 go in with that "I'm going to have a great year" mentality....
Its a beautiful day. Great way to end the year.
My Day Started Awesomely, Continued Great, Got Fucked Up Because Of Many Females *One Including My Mother*, But Ended Chill As A Mug ^.^
My Last Day Of 2011 Bouta Be great
Thinking a great way to spend New Year's Day is with last-minute tickets to Cirque d'Hiver!
Good morning all have a great day - Happy New Year Yall
Great day at Bennet Spring yesterday.  I caught 16 and Cindy caught 12 . A couple of nice ones .
RT!!"@TeddyBeeJusto: Last day of a great year. Everybody Enjoy The Moment. Thank You God For Everything"
Although it's great to celebrate the new year.. it's even better if we celebrate & be thankful for each New Day!  Happy New Year!
Happpy birthdayyy to anyone out there celebrating their birthday today ! Have a great day
Have a great day.
Hope everyone has a great day today (:
Good morning to yall tho. Yall have a great last day of the year!
Hair done, Shopping, Drank in my cup, Finger on the trigger(: GREAT DAY!
Good morning Honeybees! Couldn't have had a better night, looking forward to a great last day of the year. Hair and nails time!
Gud Mornin my Twitter Fam! Have a Great day
Good morning on the last day of a great year! Be optimistic.
Wish I had some nonsense to say about oh 2011 is ending and 2012 will be great... But just because the number changes, it's just a day...
Good cup of coffee w/ a good plate of breakfast...Great way to start my day.
calm that ass down. "@unwrapMyGift_: Woke Up To A Beauty Smell & A Great Phone Call. This Should Be A Good Day. =)'s Already"
Last day of 2011!! Hopefully its been a great year for everyone (:
Sea Point Promenade a great run - cool from sea and windy this otherwise hot summers day. Now what to do on New Years Eve...?
Lovely Saturday morning hanging out with a home full of people who I love. Hope everyone has a great day :)))
Enjoy the last day of 2011 everyone!! Hope it was great :)
Great day to end this year! :D
Last day of the year! This year was great! Cant wait to see what 2012 has in store for me :) hope you guys have a safe one :)
Hi everybody...have a great day!
Last day of the year... Wow. You know, I really enjoyed 2011. It was a great year to me. It passed by too fast, but I am so grateful for it!
Last day of 2011. Expect something great to happen. Your life goes in the direction of your most dominant thoughts. :)
Taiwan Day 2: Spending NYE in Taiwan is pretty awesome, great weather and the streets are packed with pple!
Watching The Speak Now Tour on DVD :D gunna be a great day!(:
Last day of the year...hope everyone has a great new year's eve....xoxo
Good morning! Last day of 2011, I can't believe it's almost over. It was a great year, for sure! :-)
last day of 2011 startin off GREAT tho
Great day...
What a beautiful day to wrap up 2011!! We hope you are out enjoying this great weather, and stop on by and say hello!
love how my dog is talkn about basketball on his wedding day “@EricDelie12: Never thought Lamar Odom was a great player. Too inconsistent.”
Last day of 2011. What a great year <3
20 nice crappies and 6 pike = a great day fishing!
Hey guys, have a great day today and enjoy yourselves tonight..... 2012 here we come.. HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Stay safe ;)
Have a great day and be safe.
Good morning everyone! Let's have a great day. Be productive prosperous and focused. God bless
Goodmornin...Feel Blessed...Have A Great Day...
Good morning luvs! Hope everyone has a great last day of 2011 =)
My niece comes home today .. Mall later .. Going to Petco for my new puppy :) . Today is a GREAT day .
Not often you get to open AND close a building on the same day! Really looking forward to playing board games w/ some great people tonight.
Really enjoyed my day out at old Trafford. What a great Christmas present.
Great start to my day, Manchester United lost !!!! Now watching shitty Chelsea, hopefully  they'll choke as usual
Yum baking fresh gluten free bread, and great vegan great northern bean soup.... Great smell in my house all day!!!
Today hopefully will be a great day
But since Im Hispanic and we party. Yeah im having a great day :)
finish work to find out result. £5er up thanks to that. New sneaks. Tonight. What a great day!
Last day of 2011. Great memories, a great year and 2012 has already promised to be better
nice gift on fergies birthday! but De Gea gav it to Blackburn by mistake! haha great start to the day!! :)
Morning everybody...have a great day!
Up and feeling great with no plans of how I'm gonna spend this last day of 2011 but I need some hmm what to do what to do???
Is a great day :D  Happy new year for everyone!!! xD
"Year End In A Day, Year Start A In A Day. Its Who, Where and What Really Matters In Years. Starting A New Year in BERLIN" Now That Great
Have a great day everyone. Mayan's say this is our last New Years so enjoy it. Were the Mayans ever wrong B4???
what ever people are doing on the last day of 2011 have a great day  .HAPPY NEW YEAR :D  xxxx
Morning to all.. Thanking the big man for this another day in 2011, Have a great and blessed day Tweethearts♥
Home from a great day. Tired sia
Not a great start to the last day of the year.
Have a great day!
Jahat bas.. Haha RT "@johanesebastian: Great day for grandpa Fergie.. Watchout for heart-attack Fergay !"
Sudden realization about celebrity gossip on newsfeeds.  It is a great day when the biggest news is Katy perry's divorce or lohan's lawsuit.
"@jtiburcio: Last day of 2011. Looking forward to a great and happy 2012! Wishing you the same :-)"
working on that bottle of wine! watching my Noles w/ great friends! going to make this a good day! F
Last day of 2011! It was a great year.
Smiling all morning so this is going to be a great day :)
Happy b day Dougie. If you have something of great quality,take care of it and it shall last forever.
The last day of 2011. All I can say is I had my ups, I had my downs. I've felt great, then felt heartbroken. All I can say is let's go 2012.
Willy Wonka makes a good start the the great day (:
Tonight, I will be bringing in the New Year at the city celebration with my children. Have a great day all.
Good morning. Thank god for another day. Let's make it great. Make wise decisions on this last Saturday before the New Year.
Work beckons this morning, have a great day everyone. Nice chatting with you all. BBL
Great day for Blackburn FC!
Had ah great day with my honey yday still smiling
what ever people are doing on the last day of 2011 have a great day x
So my Shit ain't refreshin SMH guess its my que to get off. So i want have to go in ttyl hope everyone has a great day :-)
Spend the last day of 2011 with laughing all night long, it should be a great sign for 2012. Amen :)
Mornin twitter moms cookin breakfast goin over my god brothers later this is gonna be a great day:)
hope everyone has a great new year. last day of 2011.... .LIVE IT UP (;
Have a great day folks!!!!!!
Morning people! Today is gonna be a great day! :-)
Last day of a fantastic year, with great friends, cold beers, a wonderful mindset and an even better future.
Finally the last day of the year... I would like to say. IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME! 2012 is almost here and I can't wait. It's going to be great.
what ever people are doing on the last day of 2011 have a great one x
Hoping everyone has a great last day of 2011
Ahhh the start to a long great day at work! Yeah I'm being sarcastic!
"@LoniLove: Make it a great last day of 2011...I wish you all a great 2012...Live, Love and Laugh More!!"
A happy new years !!!!!! I really hope your happy:)))) have a great new years day❤
Last day of 2011 with great buffet brunch at The Cafe and great buffet dinner at Table8 - Hotel Mulia Senayan ​\(‾▿‾)-
Great way to start my day by throwing up....
Morning my good ppl. Let's Great day everybody don't let nobody fuck up your day today. Happy new year everyone!!!!!
Is going to be great day and night!!!:D
Gm, u do the same!!!! RT"@SoTaeBoogie: Good morning Tweet Peeps! Have a great day!!!"
Today is a great day so far and I have this "I LOVE YOU ALL" mood right now //////v///////
"@empireofthekop: Happy Birthday Sir Alex, hope you have a wonderful day." I'm sure he's having a great dayy!!
Last day of 2011, we wish everyone a very happy new year and hope you have a great night.
Last day of 2011, i've my period, it's hurting and my great-grandmother is dying. Stop with your problems, 2011, we know u were a fuckinyear
what a great way to end the year.. good thing theres no 3-2 nd day to december
Last day of 2011...been a great year
Kmaher56 Happy Birthday Kevin! Hope it's a great day!OBt4
Just feeling Great :) , I hope u enjoy this last Day of the year .
I hope all my followers have a great day & safe night.
Welcome to 2012:) Have a great day & year<3
rise and shine ppl!  have a great day and be safe...me bfast and wrkout later
Gm tweeps!! Hope every1 has a great day!!
Last night was a great: 50+ players & coaches at chapel, then visiting with player's parents at the home of John Stokes. Now its game day!
It feels like lightning is about to strike out of the clear blue, doesn't it? Have a great last day of the year, people. :)
also, what a great day. Got retweeted by Goldberg (!!!), Gary Twigg, Victor McDade and Ben Verse. On a quest for more birthday tweets!
Gone B a great Day Ian let Nobody Fukk shyt Up..
Burlington Mall will be closed for New Year's Day. We hope you have a great night celebrating with family and friends!
Today is the last day we're open in 2011. (Don't forget, we close @ 1pm!) Thnx to our patrons and staff for a great yr! See you in 2012!
Well Happy NYE ! .. So far I had 2 hrs of sleep, then United lost, & now a headache ; great start of the day ! wooptyfuckingdoo
Todays gonna be a GREAT day
Feeling great this morning last day of the year how are u gonna celebrate!77
its one more day away from 2012! ahh am i excited or sad??..this year has been such a great one with my friends and i..i hate to say goodbye
Happy New Year  . Thank you again this year  . "People have the edge, way beyond the Great Wall comes" . New Year's Day January 1, 2012
In the last day of the year it's inevitable to think about all the great events, some losses & a hope for a better year...
You won't forget this day. Let’s makes memories! Have a great night and Happy New Year!
Enshallah\•/ RT "@PartsSongs: RT@HayaBuhadida: Today is going to be a great day Inshallaah."
Enjoy a great New Year's Day!
Good morning, people of facebook! it's the last day of 2011, make it a great one!
Happy last day of 2011. Getting ready to have breakfast with some great friends from the past year.
Good morning world 2day should b a great day...
Hope I have a great day !!!
Y'all are missing Van der Sa? Good thing Villa did what he did! Great goal that day. *holds laugh*
Perhaps the animal spirit is so great that one day it will inspire compassion in the human heart. - Nan Sea Love
GM twixsters make this last day of 2011 great
Good Morning America!!!  Hope y'all have a great day!!
GM!!! Great day already!!!
Jamming to WMYB! Great way to start the day
It is the most beautiful day and a man fishing on the beach gave me some great advice ... Take it when you can get it! Now time for Arsenal!
still a great day despite having dysmenorrhea. haha
Up and at em. One walk done. Looking forward to a great day.
Ay up early got to work on time on a great mood its gonna be a great day!:D
Morning world.....great mode and determined to have great Day...
Good morning world.. Thankful for another day that God has given me! Looking forward to a great day(:
Tomorrow will be a great day...☺♥
LMFAO I WAKE UP TO A MAN UNITED LOSS. THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT DAY.
Woke Up To A Beauty Smell & A Great Phone Call. This Should Be A Good Day. =)'s Already
As the last day of 2011 proceeds I feel great about every obstacle I have over come. It has been a pretty good year for me....
Ah, the last day of the year.... So many great events took place this year,met some awesome people and next year will be even better!
“@MensFitness: How about shooting for personal records on the last day of 2011?” // Definitely during my New Year Day workout!! Great idea!
For I am the master of my abilities and today will be a great and beautiful day..
Hola good ppl!! Last day of 2011 and it shall be great! ;)
Good morning! And happy last day of 2011 :) Hope you have a great one! x
happy new years eve everyone! I hope you all have a great day and have fun tonight :)
Hollywood studios all day and literally all night. About to be a really great new years eve
Last day of 2011... Thank God I survived another year. Strong and healthy with great parents and an education. I can't complain.
k back to show. great way to waste my day away since i can't do chinese.
GM tweeties.....lets make this last day off 2011 a great fun......just epic day...going to get my hair hair color now...yay
“@Jae_Aye_Esse: What will your last day of 2011 be like?”--- Hopefully great!
Note to self; 7 day old sprouts do not smell great.
Beautiful day! Nice to see the sun out and warmer weather. Have a great New Years Eve!
Dont crucify De Gea jor..everybody has a bad day..Van Der Saar wasnt always great behind the sticks..
Gonna be a great day
Last day of a great year... A lot of good things ahead of me.
Last day of 2011! man its been rough but i thank God for it! ready for my turn around startn real shortly now. 2012 will be great for me.
It's New Years ! Fuck what everybody else talking about I'm going to have a great day
Blessed tatted on my wrist ... I wake up thank God for another day ... And appreciate all the great things in my life
We haven't argued for like a whole day, this is great. Lol let's see if we can make it two.
Great way to start the day
Looking forward to a great day
Gooodmornng you guys , I slept GREAT  . Thanking god for another day !
2m off road, first day light run in months!! Itb not to bad.. Feel great now! Bring on 2012
Hope you dudes are havin a great last day of 2011. And for you guys in Australia - Happy New Year!
Today will b a great day
Great way to start the day... Healthy conversation
And what a brilliant night it was last night. Great day and very special. Deano is now a taken man!
Today homeworkk Day until This evening when we Go to my Great Grandma housee
Woke up to one of my fav cartoons "The Fairly Odd Parents" great way to start my day
Early start to a great day .
2norrow is a year 2 the day that my village lost 1 of our own & a great solider! Thoughts go out 2 every1 fighting for our country overseas
Great day to go outside, play, garden and sun some diapers! Wish Austin had more of these 70 degree sunny days.
Last day of 2011, didn't really turn out to be great afterall.... Oh well....
Have a great New Years Eve everyone! :D and Have Wonderful New Years Day Tomorrow! wish all the best for 2012(:
I'm gonna off now. Assalammualaikum and Have a great day and life  in 2012 New Year :)
Happy new year to everyone :) have a great day and enjoy the last moments of 2011 XD x
Had a great day yesterday with my family! :)
Great Day World
Mornin beautiful people!!!! Im at training til 3... Check ya lata.. hav a great day
Day 26 Co star is still a great song!
“@WhoisTPoole: A day to be great or average. Love or hate. To regret or forget and be thankful. Either way it's a day of choice. Love life.”
Riding today!!! Going to be a great day today I can already tell. Any day I spend with you is great<3
Seem like today gonna be a great day
Last day of the year and I have no plans.. Great.
Have a GREAT day everybody!
Happy birthday Sir Alex have a great one on this very special day
December 31st...last day of 2011...& a great day for reflection!  I'm off for a hike in the woods.  How are you celebrating this day?
Headache  kids arguing  United lost  Husband prat  great day :-(
Good morning all! Getting ready to go grocery shopping with mom.  Have a great day all!
Goodmorning Twitter. Rise and shine! Today is going to be another great day!
Its also great we lived to even see this year, bt no one wants to hear abt the changes your gonna make all day !
today is gonna be a GREAT day
Went to the temple with my family this morning. What a great way to start the day. <3
Good morning. Hope everyone has a great day. About to roll out of bed & do some shopping.
Last day of the year!Last day of 2011!2011 was a great year!I don't have any bad memory!I hope 2012 will be better than 2011!!#newyearseve
Thank you Lord..for another day..to be great.
RT@HayaBuhadida: Today is going to be a great day Inshallaah.
Celebration"@ZeeeJ: Bad night. Great day! Bad night is over."
“@HYFRImA_Scorpio Good morning loves....Today is going to be a great day!!”
going to have a daddy daughter day! going to the movies then watching the devils kick some ass, great afternoon!
A day to be great or average. Love or hate. To regret or forget and be thankful. Either way it's a day of choice. Love life..
Today is going to be a great day
Today's gonna be a great day
I don't know why but today seems likes it's gonna be a great day!
Great reception for Tony Adams. Arsenal Modern Day Legend!! Great atmosphere! Helped by some .Blackburn heroics!
Did not expect that at all from Blackburn! Something great for Steve Kean to remember on the last day of 2011.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SUNGMIN OPPA :) GERAT DAY, GREAT 27YearsOld, God Bless u Everyday !#Happy27thSungmin
Off to do some Wii Just Dance with the 7 yo. Have a great day and Happy New Year!!
About to head to work, I hope all of my followers have a great day!!((:
last day of 2011 , filmss ,art and seeing many great friends , a pretty good day me thinks :3
Today shall be a great day!
Ultimate, Jesus, New Years Party sounds like a pretty great day to me.
Good morning loves . Have a great day
Last day for 20-30% off select shoes! Open 10:30-5:30 & Closed tomorrow. Hope everyone has a great NYE!!!!!
The car broke down in the middle of a New Year's Eve highway road. Keep calm and stay positive! Great day to end 2011 and on to 2012!
Another great result for the super RAMS!!!! So far been a great day, Man Yoonited and Leeds spanked, Lestoh shite, just Forest to slip now!
So now, I'm looking forward to waking up to a great new day in the new year :) while contributing 2 another country's economy even more haha
Its such a great day to be outside :)
omg. today is THE LAST day of 2011. & im proud to  say that this year was GREAT. whatever didn't kill me made me STRONGER.
HOPE EVERYONE HAS A GREAT DAY! =]
Last day of the year, I had a great year! And you know what? I have no regrets!♥
Happy new years friends! .Great day to end the year. Beers, ouzo, UFC, Cronulla NFL championship, more beers, BBQ and countdown at the peak
Haizz ... :| What a 'great' day .
Celebrated New Years Eve a day early last night.  Always a great time with friends.
I plan on havin a good day , tryna make it a great night
Morning world let's make this last day of the year a great one!
Hope everyone has 	a great day! :-)
This day about to great ;)
happy last day of 2011! I hope everyone has a great and safe new years! :))
Manchester United 2 - 3 Blackburn  .Hahaha what a great thing for a city fan to see on the last day of 2011!
New year, new things to experience. Time for change and new begining. Have a great day and ring in the new year safely.
having a crappy day and i know it'll be a crappy new years eve as well, great start to 2012
Last day of 2011. It has been full of too much sadness for me. There were some great moments in there, but I'm mostly glad it's over.
What a great last day of 2011! :) I'm in the greatest city in the world, tipsy already, and still have two bottles of Jager. Life is good!
Morning tweeties :-) hope everyone have a great day
Last day of 2011! Let's make it a great one!
Ms. Google reminded me it is a leap year. Working one more day for free. Great.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is on. What a great way to start the day
Hope today b a great day
Body a lil sore, but oh well! Guess me & Ryleigh will get up & get prepared for a GREAT DAY
Having a great day :-D i hav 2 bury my sweet 2yr old ferret 2day :'( poor BB i love yhoo xxx
Great day!:) Ready to say goodbye to 2011
The last day of the year is upon us, make it a great one!
Hiking in great falls for the day w/ kevin and my pups!
Tires on, work in a few hours, then a party all night long! Gonna be a great day!
Ok I'm ready 4 cup number 2 of coffee, today going 2 be a great day!
last day of 2011 and im working, great..
What a day!!! No real plans for new year's eve!!!! Any great ideas???????
doing a little research before a fun day of riding with friends & then out to eat to celebrate the new year! going to be a great one! :-)
Today will be a great day!
HAVE A GREAT DAY TWEEPS!! :-D
today's totally ɑ great day! I love the end of the year! xoxo♥
Good morning Tweet Peeps! Have a great day!!!
GM :) Time for me to eat and clean up, happy NYE everyone have a great day and remember to be safe tonight!!!
Circuit training, massage, making dinner for friends then off to a NYE house party! Here's to a great last day of 2011!
Its the last day of 2011!! It was a great year! Thank you for all your support! Much love to all of you!! Enjoy 2012!!!
Today is the last day in 2011. What a great year it has been!
Great Day. Finally found a move. Then my moms car decided to fuckboi
Good Morning!!! Why was I up at the crack of dawn!!?? Ohs wells... Off to make this last day of 2011 fabulous!!! Have a great day fam!!
Good morning tweeps. Finally the last day of 2011... make it a great one!
Spending my day as a bridesmaid for 1 of my best friends as she marries a great guy. Gonna be a fun day/night!
Bro in law is cheffing up for the familia. It's going to be a great day.
Today look like a great day to stay sleepin.
Dear Fergie,  happy birthday, have a great day, Grant Hanley
Its a great day!!! Make it worth it!!!
Morning y'all today is gonna be a great day
Good morning beautiful people its the last day of 2011 make it a great on!! I know I am!!
Day 34/34 has arrived, a long and great month!
1 year today, miss you every day great grandpa xo
Todays gunna be a great day
Last working day for a great role model for new India: E Sreedharan, the metro man. Showed what true 'public service' is.
GOODMORNING TWITTER FAM I HOPE EVERY HAVE A GREAT DAY
Having such a great day. Won't change it for anything!
Fck it up nw Goodmorning TL today's gonna be a Great Day :)
Is having a great day with ma family ☺
7) Asa was born on April 28th. He has been such a joy. Great day, and great 8 months since.
Last day of the June End of the Year Sale! Lots of great NYE dresses & shoes waiting for a party! Open today 10-6 for last minute shopping.
FBCA 1/1-New Years day on the Lord’s Day! Get the New Year off to a great start by celebrating Jesus on the 1st day of the year-Come join us
Hope everybody has a great day
everyone and have a great day
Hope everyone has a great last day of 2011 and an even better start to 2012!!
Great day for grandpa Fergie.. Watchout for heart-attack Fergay !
Well so much for sleeping in on my day off. Was up way to early. Told the floor would be fixed & the dog doesn't bark - both wrong. Great.
On the Last day of 2011 .Thanks to those who entered my life,they made me who I am today, . .God bless!..hope u have a great 2012:)!!!!
Great I would get called into work on my day off.
Anywho gm tweet's hope u guys have a great day. Be blessed!!!
Love when the day starts out miserable. Great way to end the new year.
another great day! :)
Good morning!! I hope everyone has a great day :-)
LionelJohnson6, Hello my friends in twtterland. I hope you all are having a great day today.
Rudy's breakfast tacos>>>>.  Ah great way to start the day
Last day of 2011, looking back over the year it's been a great one for RTP. Thanks to all our supporters, ambassadors and partners!
It is soon will be new year. Have a great day people!
Good Morning beautiful world. Have a great day. Happy new years eve. Be blessed. Stay safe. Put God 1st in everything
“@U_LYK_IT_MANOLO HAPPY NEW  hope you have an incredible 2012  RT“@_juicyGina_: Good morning folks , have a great day ””
Good morning everyone and have a great day
David de gea has to b one of the worst goalkeepers in the league. Cud b the day that cost united the title. Great result 4 Steve kean tho
happy birthday Louis_Tomlinson - have a great day!<3xxxxzGzyC
New years eveeee! Last day of 2011 :( it was a good year.... some parts weren't that great, but still, in all it was a great year! :) <3
Great!!! My last day of The year I have to say goodbye to an old friend I Love you Aunt Jenny RIP I know you aren't  suffering anymore
Cheers to the last day of 2011! Thank you to all of our amazing customers for a great year at Teala's! See you next year!
Good morning everybody and have a great day today :-)
Feeling good feeling great ^.^ But first let's get this work day out of the way.
Last Day of 2011. Make it great.
I feel like today is going to be a great day. I hope no one fucks it up for me :D
“@mrdefoster: Last Day of 2011 what a great year it was but I'm wasting no time in 2012”
Hope everyone has a great night tonight remember party like you have never partied before it is the last day of 2011 x
It's going to be a great day!
Hope everyone had a great NYE so far :) Hope my birthday will be great today! have a great day everyone xox
He's still 20. Don't blame on him too much. He'll become a really promising and great GK one day.
Good morning!! Happy New Years Eve!! Have a great day!!
Happy New Year's Eve Everyone!! Have a great day. .-God bless.
Good morning loves....Today is going to be a great day!!
“@Tizzle3Ringz Today is going be great last day of 2011 so make the best of it”
Tgfad feelin blessed this mornin hope all my followers have a great day
let me up & get this great day started
“@electlady88: Good morning!!! Have a great day on this beautiful Saturday!!! :)” << You 2 Hunnie
Up feeling great on the last day of 2011
Already on it. Great day for better night.
So my parents going to the beach while I'm at home sick in bed...this is gonna be a great day -____-
Kinda woke up with an attitude bc hubby and I got into it after a great day smh
what a great way to start the last day of 2011.
Its a Great Day.. God Bless Everyone and Have a Happy New Year..
Last day of 2011 omg. Its been great (: ♥@planetjedward thanks:)
what a great day today!new years is coming and i am in triniland just sooooooooo good
Good Morning TL. Thank god for waking me and my loved ones up too see another beautiful day. Hope everyone has a great day.
Morning world have a great day today...
Great match. Shocking loss to Man U againt Blackburn. Not d happiest B'day of Sir Alex I guess.
2 early for arguemnts...... I'm tryn hve a great day
Goodmorning and you too  RT“@_juicyGina_: Good morning folks , have a great day ”
Bummed.... Man U didn't come to play but it's New Years Eve and it's still gonna be a great day with my love and friends
It's beautiful out! Looks like its gonna be a great day.
I can't think of a better day to come out to SoCo Farmers Market, 3303 Hyland, costa mesa, 9-2, fresh produce and great food! See you there!
this is the last day of 2011, i had really awesome year..but not as awesome as 2010. i hope 2012 will bring me awesome and great year.!!
@};_ you know who u all are :) , to early for me type all your names :)) xo ..have a great day!!
Had a great hot stones massage to kick ma day off....done ma housework and prepped ma party food onto the soup.. N a cheeky wee wine!!!!!!
looking forward to spending the day with my 3 men.  life is great!
Great beginning to the last day.
I hope everyone has a great and blessed day!
De Gea Had a Bad day... Leave Him alone........Else dont Cheer For Him when he makes Great saves....
Wishing everyone an exciting last day of 2011 and a great NYE!!  EXCEED. INSPIRE. ROLL. in 2012!!
Great Day All!
Great Day Beautiful Humanity!!!
Happy Birthday Fergie! What a great day hahaha
Good morning tweeps have a great day!!!
Tomorrow is going to be a very great day, Insya Allah~ :)
Okay loves I'm going into work now! You all have a great day :))
Goodmorning everyone! I love you! Have a great day!
Great day as far, pompey solid draw, united lose. Come onnnnnnnn
Good morning!! Happy New Year's EVE! Prepping for our gathering tonight ALL DAY. Have a great one, y'all!
Great effort by Blackburn. Still not convinced by de gea this season. Now for the owls to hold on unlike boxing day
To end my year I am going to be stress free, happy, and have the most chillest day of my life so I can walk into the new year feelin great!
Aww man, you mean I slept with my contacts in? Must be the start of  a great day.
Great day because imma great person. ^^
I loooooove Spark!!!! Great way to start the last day of 2011!!!
I hate how bad moods spread. What a way to ruin a great day.
WOW!! The last day of '11..so thankful that my fam n friends made it in 1 piece..'12 is gonna b a great year :D.. Wedding Bells!!!!
Have a great day everyone.
I'm the one who had lovely time ♥LOVE YOU! "@Danzish: Had a great day with my Sally, and now off to Ruby lounge babeaaahhhh B-)"
Bad night. Great day! Bad night is over.
Watching highlights of the royal wedding :) what a great day that was!
“@FollowOr_Swall0: You having a good day, let's make it a great night”
What a great day today! Liverpool won. Stevie scored. Fergie's "brilliant" birthday present. Just great. (:
New post: POWER 90: Tony Horton's Total Body Transformation 90 Day Boot Camp Workout DVDs to Compare Great Prices http://powersystemsfitnes
GoodMorning ^___^ today's a new day let's start it offf great ! :)
Today WILL be a great day!
Great day pooling then basketballing! ;)
Going to make the last day of 2011 great!!
Good morning folks , have a great day
great last day of 2011- playing sims!
Having the longest day at work ever man need to go bed plus not feeling too great
bad mood. and now cba to revise. great. procrastination of the day now begins.
I work again... But I have a great feeling about this day. c:
Yay, ordering food and then the other guests are coming, im going to enjoy this new years eve ~ Have a great day/night everybody ♥
Today is going be great last day of 2011 so make the best of it
Have a good last day 2011! This year was a great year full of events, my career too! I met incredible people... I love them. Love you!
Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day and have a great holiday weekend!
Last day of 2011, had a great year and learned a lot about myself
GM World !!! Hope everyone have a great day !!!
Phone, passport, ipod and leather bag all stolen! What a great day
Good morning world...everyone have a great day, be safe tonight tell the ones you love you love them and rock the new year in style!!!
So, my first day here in Houston was great!! :-) Let day 2 begin! But first....I need coffee!!! Have a good day and a very safe new year!!
By the way... GOOD MORNING FOLKS!!! Last day of 2011!!! The last half of the year was pretty darn great!!! Hope 2012 is the better!!
Wow what a great start to the last day of the year, hopefully the day continues this way
Today is great day that I can have ice cream and shopping together with you.. Hope this will not finish.
A great gift to mankind we have year ending and year begging day if not what it would have been
Ahhh yeauhhh. Ready to have a great day. (:
Woke up on the right side of the bed so I know I am going to have a GREAT day
Today should be a great day, alright alright alrightttt
14 Hour work day over now i shall Shower , nails & montrose  today will be a be great!
Gmorning ; work bound then shopping ,  lul outing w. the fam , match w. Deven & go out. Gone have a great day
Great day outside - my cats are having a good time :)
Today is gonna be a great day :) i can already tell
Enjoying my last day of 2011... This year has been great to me but I'm ready for all the many blessings of 2012!
Its the last day of 2011 and I woke up in great spirits!!!! Enjoy your day tweeps I know I am!
Dear people in 31th day of 2011, have a great last day of the year and have a happy new year! Give love, get love!!! ☺
I just want to thank him for letting me see another day. This was a great year but, its about finished. Next year will be even greater!!!
A SMEAR CAMPAIGN will follow if Ron Paul dares to win the Iowa caucus. 2011 was the RAINIEST YEAR EVER! Have a great day SMILE:-) -Andy
Last day of 2011, the year was wild, a lot of changes ups & downs but overall...it was great. 2012 is coming full of prosperity and beauty!
Well well - a great start to the New Year celebrations. Good on Blackburn and Steve 'rhino skin' Kean. Now come on Arsenal make our day!
Great day yesterday..today bout to be an espn classic doe
Thank God for waking me up and everyone! Praying for a great day!
Good day everyone. Please not that our libraries are closed and our services will resume on January 3, 2012. Do have a great weekend.
Had a great time that now drinking starbucks and eat delicious yummy food!!!! What a great day
Every morning is a wonderful blessing from God. It stands for hope which gives us another start at Life. Have a good morning & great day!
Yeah, today is gonna be a great day. Moms just gave me money for no reason.
Woooo Shame on you United fans... what a great day! :D
I hope you all have a great day.
French toast for breakfast. This is a great way to start off the day.
Eddie James knows how to start a Great day:)
Today is going to be a great day....i can tell
Last day of the year . Better be a great way to end 2011.
Wow slept in this morning.   Great start to the day.
Today gon be a GREAT day :D
Today should be a great day!
2011 has been such a good year, and having a great day in winterwonderland at hyde park, great way to end the year :')
Great day!great game great present!thank you steve kean
Out of skii ,, Great day ♥!! Gonna miss skii soo much :O☹
Great start to the day! Man utd getting beat!
Monday is gonna be a great day. Winter Classic at 1, the Bachelor premier at 8!
Happy 101 two day early birthday Great-Grandma :) I love you<3
So much for having a nice day...
i'm leaving... so have a nice day people!! .and happy new year to everyone !! .:DD
See how every1 is pretendn to b a nice person @ e end of 2011 !!! Lemme tel u smtn,no1 can change in a single day.
Goodmorning tweeters:)...have a nice day:)...make it last because its the last day in 2012!!!!!
Nice day I must say ...
Had a nice cricket of almost 5 hours for the last day of the year!!! It was literally awessome!!! :-):-)
It would b really nice if my sis would come on so we can get this day started
Good morning everybody, today is the last day of the year, I wish you have a nice day and you enjoy with your family. Blessings♥
I didn't get a goodbye kiss, have a nice day at work, nutin Damn..
Happy new years eve everyone!!! It's a nice sunny day in Stl so I kno my year gone start off right hope l urs does too
I'm off. I wish you a very nice day. See you later.
Another nice day
Good Morning! Getting dressed abt to head to breakfast with a nice guy :). Enjoy your day everyone!
Up wayyyy too early, too excited for the festivities. Hope everyone has a nice day
Watching some English football...what a nice way to start the last day of 2011
Goodnight!! And happy new year.. ;) have a nice day.. And.. Goodnight.. <3AA.. ;)
Last day of the no tax extravaganza, buy something nice for your old lady.
Good Morning Everyone! Have a nice last day of the year!!
YAAAAY! changed picture!have a nice day,everyone!
YO IT ONT EVEN GOTTA BE DIS NICE OUT DOE ITS GON BE A GOOD DAY
Hey, all my friends here. I just wanna said happy new years 2012. Have a nice day. *chers
FUCK YOU all!! And have a nice day :)
Today gon be a nice day!
Must be nice..4 those who cn lay in the bed all morning/day
Listening to podcasts, cleaning house, playing with kids, nice weather, good day! ;)
Makin potjie kos nw nd jis enjyin a nice day wit fwends nd fam 2 celebrate the new year
Enjoying a nice winter day at the Zoo since it is like 75 outside!
I know it's nice day in ATL but is it So really nice to put on shorts and T-shirt
Yo its nice AF right now. It deadass should stay like this all day
good Morning blessed to se another day everyone have an nice holiday be safe
I'm trying to start drinking healthier. Had some white tea the other day + it was nice
Its a nice ass day !!!
Good Morning! Have a nice day! <3
Its a nice day in jacksonville fl..:-)
Last day of 2011!  .have a nice new years eve to everyone! xx. ;)
It's such a nice day today. Hopefully its a nice one tomorrow too
Gon b a nice last day/Sat of da year
"have a nice day!" - "DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO."
So a good start to the day with a nice loss for man u, chelsea better get a win in
Its a nice day out ☀
It's nice as shit this new years eve day
so tempting to stay in waking up fresh on new years day would be really nice
Its a nice day so skatin is gna be chillz
Considering it's the last day of December, it is really nice outside right now here in north VA. Not even cold and the sun is shining :-0
having no drama in my life for one day would be nice, oh well..
Nice lazy day ahead
It's such a nice day.. I'm going for a run.
Was such a nice clear day until now, hiya grey sky
Jus made a nice sale, 1st Thousand Dollar fi di day
It is a nice day in DC
No noise from united fans today, nice quit day
“@JazmineJaz Good Morning, I hope everyone has a nice day... Enjoy the last day of the year!!!!”
Its A Nice Day
heading out I hope everyone has a nice day with my loves tonight lol should be fun
Leave am kmt "@ITweetSlaa: A ti gbo "@Axeurdaddy: Nice B'day gift....Sir Alex Ferguson""
Last day of 2011! 2012 if your listening, please be nice to me :)
HAVE A NICE LAST DAY OF 2011 WITH OUT CNG,ELECTRIC,GAS, PETROL, AND PUBLIC TRANSPORT AND MANY MORE ......... .Pakistan zindabad :
im having a really nice day at work (so far)
Big day of gym & track yesterday, plus a few hours on the road for the squad today is a nice way to see out 2011. Here's to 2012, cheers!
Those drunk text last night I sent & received, just made you confused. I'm sober now & I just wanna say fuck you! Have a nice day :).
December 31, 2011 becoming the worst day in my life! 2012, please be nice to me. :)
ITS A NICE DAY AT STAMFORD BRIDGE YOYOYOYOYO. HOPEFULLY WE GET A JIZZ LOT OF GOALs
Suppose I better tidy the house.... Nice after a day at work!
sucha nice day for a run, well here goes nothing
Its such a nice day out... Headed to the city
Nice day to go running!!!
guys,have a nice New Year's Day!
What a nice way to start my day off
pls CHELSEA make our day the best with nice party of goalsss
Jus when I thought I was gonna have a nice chill day this shit happens :( LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH!!!!
Gonna be a nice long day of walking door to door
My work day is half way over... I wish I was home in my nice warm bed.
Nakakakilig si Tom Cruise sa Knight and Day!  nakakainis. Officially my last movie for 2011  nice movie!
Such a nice day out!
Dear ppl that hate me....IDGAF:) Have a nice day
It's a really nice day here I'm nations capital. Whats it like in MD?
Stayed in essex in some posh hotel! Was rly nice! Nd I cnt believe its the last day of th year
RT: "@Harry_Styles: New day....Be nice to people!! :)"
I love waking up to the smell of food cooking. A nice way to start the last day of 2011.
GOOD MORNING FOLKS. IT'S THE WEEKEND. NEW YEAR'S WEEKEND. GET SOME BREAKFAST AND ENJOY THE DAY! HAVE A NICE DAY FOLKS.
Its so nice to wake up and not expect one single fight that day. Its a good feeling. (:
The day I leave, it's going to be a nice day.
It's so nice outside, it's a good day to take some photos:)
Nice family day:). Hide and seek is emotional with a hangover
“@fuckkinasshole: Last Day of 2011 .I hope everyone and all y'all loves ones make it into 2012 safe & healthy” awe look who's being nice :)
Had a nice wee day out with her cousin Chloe,little sister Emilee,mum and dad
It is such a nice day outside today!
Nice Fedor, you just finished the fight before New Years Day in Japan. Good timing.
Not too bad a day though sheep shaggers got twatted by Barnsley . Very nice
its a nice day for running
Nice day at monroe...2bad the boat wont work!
Looking forward to a nice, chilled out day with the family.
Really nice day today, looking forward to tonight... looking forward to the food :P
Its a nice day to bring the new year in, in the city
Day off for a change. Kinda nice to enjoy a cup of coffee at my kitchen table w/a little music. Mornin'
Almost to carabelle. It's a nice day outside
Rainy all the day, all night long..ahaha *nice
Aww I have such a nice day planned :)
Nice day, .thanks allah, :-)
Happy birthday Sir Alex Ferguson, You're so legendary just like the lost to Blackburn... Have a nice day :D
A ti gbo "@Axeurdaddy: Nice B'day gift....Sir Alex Ferguson"
Morning world hope everyone has a nice day.
Happy Birthday Fergie ! Nice day to born ☺
A winner needed before end of day would be nice
It's such a nice day out
day startin off nice Early
hello all happy new year ... have nice day
Last day of 2011.. Dress shopping, taco bell speech tradition, steak and lobster dinner, party the year away. Sounds like a nice way to end.
Bit of a lie in on the last day of the year. Nice.
Nice Singaporeans made my day. ☺ And a good-looking one at that!
I jus found $3 on my lil morning stroll thank u Jesus ;-) nice way to start the day
Thank you everyone for all the nice birthday wishes.  They made my day and I'm so lucky to have each and everyone of you in my life. :)
Last day before 2012. It was nice knowing you world. We had some good times!
Hi everybody how are ya all have a nice day all be happy ;*
Its such a nice day :) myoutfit is perfect
Happy New year. Nice weather on L I also. "@botkier: Last day of the year, gorgeous NYC morning.
Happy New Year everyone! I'm spending the day with friends, gonna eat tasty food, listen to fine music and watch some nice movies :) xoxo
Burst is always a nice tune to start the day off
Ga mention orgnya? :p "@vincentresoulby: Happy Newyear my friend :) have a nice day end of 2011 ."
it is nice to think that tomorrow is a new day, new year, with no mistakes in it yet.
i hope everyone make it to JAn 1,2012 @ 12 oclock noon cause yall know when we get 1 nice day murder rate go up so everyone be safe nd bless
Nice day in the VA!..
Nice day out, yea right.
Crushed a nice early morning workout, starting the day off right
Looks like today should be a pretty nice day
Have a nice last day of the year everyone :)
Happy Newyear my friend :) have a nice day end of 2011 .
I keep thinking its a nice summer day and all I wanna do is go swimming
Today suppose to be a nice day, so I don't know why I'm in this mood :(
Thx 4 everybody. Have a nice 2012 & New Year's Day！
I feel horrible! But at least it is Christmas eve! Everyone have a nice day:)6fJ
The best way too start off your day is too take a nice Hot SHOWER :)
So I just got Cussed Out in German and u can't trick the Gucci I replied with "Bye, have a Nice day" in German lol
Waking up on the last day of 2011 in between two of my best friends after a very nice evening out. I'm happy.
Last day for the nice weather <<< it sgoing to be freezing the rest of the week
Oh shit, it's Fergies B'day as well. That's a nice present.
Oh dear the boys didn't give Fergie a nice b-day present did they
“@Harry_Styles: New day....Be nice to people!! :)” - Nearly sure you didn't mean Blackburn though !!!!!!!!! :-(
Everyone is having such a nice day
It's so nice out! Bummer i'll be spending the day at work :/
Have a nice day Alex!
Have a nice day
New Edition, K-Ci & JoJo and El debarge at US Bank??? That'll be a nice lil Valentines Day date...someone will be conceived too.
Today would be a nice day to practice softball or play football...
Happy new year 2012 all.. .Have a nice day..
Happy birthday Fergie, all you need now is a nice roast chicken dinner to top the day off!!!
Whenever I get back home im taking a HOT shower.. re pressing my hair, & taking a nice looong nap. & then proceed w| the rest of my day. 
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet,
the weeknd starts the day off nice
Thanks for the follow, I have followed you back too, have a nice day and happy New Year(*^o^*)！！！！
Morning coffee and ON3LA on 15 meters. Nice start for the day!
Everybody have a nice day.
Damn! What a nice day out right now! Too bad I am going to work.
Im having die-real on the last day of 2011 ... HAIS WHAT A NICE WAY TO WELCOME A NEW YEAR...
Goodmorning nice day !
Looks like today goin to be another nice day
Arsenal vs Qpr, Chelsea vs Aston Villa next, nice day
I was eating tang yuan the other day and my dad was like, 'that day you eat the fishball with peanuts nice or not?' LOL DAD
Nice B'day gift....Sir Alex Ferguson
Another nice day...hope it stays like this
It's nice out.. Everyone enjoy there day
80 degrees, laying on the beach with my Son & Wifey. Nice way to spend the last day of the year.
Soo tired but it looks like a pretty nice day out!! Yay:)
Dont u hate wen sum body is all nice wen day man not there but wen day get dare day wanna ack funny
Happy Birthday Fergie;have a nice day:)
2day is the last day we will see 2011... It was nice knowing you, but its time to see my future!!
, another nice day :))
work all day. Nice.
A log nice talk with a dear friend! Last day of the year ending good!
Blackburn gave fergie a nice b'day present
Great result, right? Anyhow, Happy Birthday and Happy New Year, Fergie. Hope you have a nice day. Glory-Glory United!? :))
I can't believe today is the last day of 2011 </3 lots of nice memories ♥
Coming up on the Not Lifetime Network the true story, "The Other Mother: A Moment of Truth: Broken Pledges" -- have a nice day!
A nice family day is how I'm ending the year, how boring ?
nice bit of new years eve football to keep the day entertaining!
Nice little day planned. Returns, returns, and more returns. Yay!!
Today is a nice day so dont gukk it up with your ugly attitude
I dont get why ppl be so nice during the holiays but on anyother day they jus plain rude...smh
I suppose I should get out of bed now & make something of the day. Taking the fam to do some Christmas $ shopping, then a nice dinner out.
Blackjacks, VIP, YGstan ..blah blah blah.. !! Have a nice day in this new year !
have a nice day tho
Last day of 2011 and it's nice and sunny! That's how to end the Year! :) At least it's not raining!
It's a beautiful day, nice weather☀
Wow I've just got back from a nice day out and found someone has hacked my a twitter account *Rolls Eyes* some people eh tut tut tut lol
It's too early and too nice of a day to be going to my grandpa's funeral :(
Goodmorning all my wonderful followers, this day is very special.. and I want everyone to enjoy themselves in a nice, safe manner ^__^
RT“@Bighomeyupt: Last day of 2011 and its nice as shit!! Signs of what's to come”
Morning twitter!! Last day of 2011 and it's very nice outside I shud day :-)
Have a nice last day on 2011!!!
nice day with mum aw love all the things shes brought me :-)
Last day of 2011 and its nice as shit!! Signs of what's to come
Happy new year u alls ! Have nice day in 2012 ..!! And happy to school .. ^^
thanks blackburn for making my day start with a nice laugh. And good 3 points for your lot
nice last day.. :D
Thanks for ruining my day mom.. At 7 in the morning nice... getting good at it
Have A Nice Day ,
Guys, I hope today will be a nice day to all of you. You deserve a happy ending of the year.
Nice healthy start to the day. Walking to mc donald s :)
Hey people Happy New Year for everybody, have a nice day!
It's a nice day out don't waste a minute of it!!!
Goodmorning twitter, yet another day on the grind. Thighs are killing me from legs workout last night...:-) let's have a nice one
What a nice day for Steve Kean, his youngsters done him proud.
Had a nice lunch at becca and tims thanks and nice to catch up .party tonight good day
Blackburn Rovers spoil the B'Day party of Alex Ferguson & his team , nice B'day gift for Alex .
happy birthday fergie hun, have a nice day
Happy birthday sir alex fergusson Have a nice day  Lwkmd
I use to get annoyed w/too many GM texts but I now appreciate it. Nice to kno Im bein thought of even if thas the only text I get all day
Last day of 2011! Have a nice day everyone :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALEX FERGUSON HAVE A NICE DAY
hello babes hope u are having  a nice day
I got so much to do i want do my hair and buy a nice dress to wear to day i wonder if im going have time to clean too
Finished work. Yay! A nice short day, just how I like it. :-)
Got a nice haircut, now I'm gonna sleep for the rest if the day
The last day of 2011 *sighs* It was nice I guess . . .
Goomorning!thankful to see another day : ) its nice out..
Such a nice day too
Good morning. Just enjoying quiet cup of coffee. Had a nice evening with friends last night. Looking forward to New Years day with friends.
It's such a nice day out , after my hair is done heading to my cousin house :-)
Nice day! \(^o^)/
Good morning for everyone have a nice day!!
Nice day
Hope everyone have nice n safe day
Woke up to a nice good morning text the best way to start my day
She have been ignoring me all day, not speaking one nice word about/to me (｡-_-｡) .I can't wait to get out of here
its a nice day outside but not inside :(
It was nice to sleep in this morning. Now I gotta figure out what I am gonna do the rest of the day.
Chillen wit the sunrise in Arizona very nice way to start off the last day of the year
It's nice to be up early though instead of sleeping my day away!
Yeahhhh.....nice day!
Dump run done. Twice. Blardy hell that'll teach me to not know what day the bin men collect over Xmas/new year! Least garden nice n tidy now
Hows everyones day? Looking forward to a nice evening. :)
Good morning fellas, let's start the day with some nice Joyce Manor shit!
Last 'Good Morning' of the year twitters!! Have a nice day!! // Ultimo 'Buen Dia' del año twitteros. Qe tengan un hermoso dia!!
Hella Nice! Outside... Wish everyone a gd N bless day....
Ending the last day of the year with some nice weather
Good morning all have a nice day
Another nice day!
I wish all Happy New Year 2012 !! Have a nice day and all the best !! :D
have a nice day !
Happy B-Day to me today on New Years Eve!! It's nice to knw the world is celebrating my B-DAY!!
Nice to start the day with a hilly 10 miler!!  :)
Its so nice outsite ! & I'm in such a good mood :) today is gonna be a good day & hopefully tonight..
Goodmorning all! Hope y'all have a nice day and bring on the new year correct! *smooches*
“@OooShesYumee I'm ending 2011 by being nice 2 ugly and fat people all day today.”
It's 2012 in Australia. Top of the mornin' . Nup, wrong accent. Sorry. Good night. Have a nice day.
Good morning world I wanna thank God for waking me up to see another day but this year is fina be over so y'all have a nice day and be bless
Ey. I dont know what to say. But hope u  have a nice New Year's Day!!  .30 more min to go.  Only a half hour, we got...
Nice ass day out in Philly today!
annyeonghaseyo ! .Happy New Year ! have a nice day :) .GBU and Fam ^@^ . .* Lee Rae Mun_*
Good morning bro. Have a nice day :-) "@alpha_dasi: And that was my first tweet of the day lol Goodmorning"
I hope everyone's having a nice day :3
L O L smiley face have a nice day
Morning Y'all.  What a nice day so far. Have a great Weekend. Be SAFE TONITE!!!
hope every one had a good christmas for a fact a had a nice one i spent time with family i think it was kool cant wait till new years day :)
advance happy new year to all of you :)) have a nice day :))
3rd Day In A Row I Didn't Wake Up Smiling From A Nice Goodmorning, smh
I'm ending 2011 by being nice to ugly and fat people all day today.
so i sat trying to figure out a resolution and i decided i'm just going to try be nice to everyone and make everyone's day worth while!
Its beautiful out. Nice day to end the year with. Let's make it a good one
Nice chill out day training done, as if it's new years eve already this year has definitely flew over
And again. What a nice day I have. -_-
Today is going to be a beautiful day.. nice way to end the year! GOD BLESS
It's gon be a nice day today, I'm so thankful I'm here to see it.
Sup last day of 2011. It was nice known' ya
The way I just wanted to stay at home all day, bath, smell nice , watch twilight, new moon+eclipse AGAIN , then party later (:
I'm thinking I might take my dog & go for a ride in the mountains in my Jeep. Last nice day before the cold & maybe snow come my way.
When the cashier tells you to have a nice day and you reply with: "Don't tell me how to live my life!"
Damn another nice day!
Tx 4 bday wishes. Each day's a blessing. It's nice 2 start a new year @ the end of an old one & reflect on past & future w/ the whole world.
Hold your hand, sit and waiting for the fireworks on the last day of 2011. It'll be nice if i have someone
Day 6 of 6 day work week woot woot.. I'm hurting but living thank god I'm still moving n my pay check will be nice
Last day off 2011.... Nice or what?! :D
got called with foolishness and guess wat i did i told them have a nice day and hung up so proud of me
Happy new year everyone'!! Have a nice day. And take care<3
4mile easy run complete. breakfast and coffee then out for a bike on this nice unseasonable Dec. day. Will 600 hours be reached?
Happy 2012, very nice day and very nice dinner too.
This is a nice day to close this year...
Last day of 2011 I guess I'll be nice today... So to any crackhead or alcoholic that asks me for change I'll give it to them with a $.15 cap
GM, njoyd my night n early mrnng;), will njoy the rest of this nice day n goin hard tonite, cum out n have fun brngng in 2012...loveislove<3
Its always nice to know you are loved on the last day of the year! Love you tweeps!
Blackburn!!!! 2-3!!!! Yesso!!!! Nice b'day gift 2 Sir Alex...stil hopin for a Yak hat-trick though
Nice day to spend some $$$$
It's such a nice day tho
This is my last tweet for 2011. So, hve a nice day. Assalamualaikum.
So not spending my whole last day of 2011 in bed, good morning world. Determined to be nice to everyone today ♥☺☀
Happy New Year!! :) Hope everyone have a nice day!
Awesome day at Play. Nice games.
Ouuuut with my lovers ♥ :$  .( Have a nice day for All ) ;)
Beautiful day to come and enjoy the parade and enjoy the park, nice way to end the year
Have a Nice day my followers ! May the last of the year be with you!
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
UP EARLY.. ! FINNA HAVE A NICE ASS DAY !
Oh shit. I missed Mblaq, 2PM and the others. Is this what I call a nice day? NO WAY. WTF u____________u'
Idk bout yall but showers are highlights of my day a nice 20 minute shower is ALWAYS good
Nice day always
Is everybody having a nice day? LAST DAY OF 2011 !!!! I'M SOO EXCITED!!!
- Don't like me? Nice, i don't wake up every day to impress you c;
What a nice day. Finally going to wash my car after I get off.
Today is gonna be a nice day. Not tryna miss it
i'm off now~ HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!! HAVE A NICE DAY! bye bye!! =DD and stop spazz about Infinite..u guys are killin' me!
This is 2011's last day :o have a nice one guys. Make it special xox
Start your day by saying something nice to a stranger.
I should RT everybody who tweets "New year new me" BS.. But guess i'll be nice one day of the year.
enjoying my last day of 2011 by having a nice early baseball practice, then to the gym! .Swag!
Right, nice reflective morning. Enjoy the rest of your day guys x
Nice to be back in Nashville. Hard to believe it's the last day of 2011. Hope 2012 is prosperous, musical & generally fantastic.
Its a nice day
Looks like a nice day in sunny Florida, should be a really great New Years Eve!
Good morning!  Nice overcast drizzling black ice kind of a day here in Maine.
Received my last Christmas pressie on the last day of the year.#NICE
so an ounce in one night sounds nice? although its kinda like every other day .
Up Nice And Early Bout To Start My Day ! •|HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME|•
Having coffee with my old man. Startin off the day with that nice hot brew
a very good evening to all of you twitters.. a busy long day for me.. hope u all had a nice day..
Morning loves!! It's a new day and a nice one at that, so smile beautiful!
Wont lie, woulda been nice to wake up on the last day of the yr in her arms :'(
what a nice day in spite of being tired!
YAAAAY! 49 followers! only one more to really make up my day! what a nice end to 2011 :D
Lola is doing well on gas, weathers nice...great way to start my day :)
Nice day in Denmark today, had a mega brunch!
Felling like it's gon be a nice day....
Happy New Year to all le Twitterians! May Allah bless you guys. Have a nice day on 2012.
... Have a nice "last" day !!!
The super nice lady made my day :) idek whats her name :(
Nice day ;)
“@TheKaryShow: Nice ass beach day. Ain't shit better than sunshine....other than vodka” <<< :)
Today i was a sad day because i miss you and wanted to be with you tonight but i got a nice text that said you got the job!!! Awh yeah!
So nice out today, feeling a beach day coming on ☀
It'll be nice to actually do something on New Year's Day this time as opposed to doing nothing and not remembering it.
okey i really have to go now! bye! have a nice day <3
schoolwork all day. then a nice evening with my two babes <3
On a local train to Sopron, Hungary. Sunny. Nice last day of the year.
Have a nice new years eve and new years day where ever u are in the world ! Xx
Goodmorning. Hope y'all have a nice day :)
I can think of one reason it's this nice out on the last day of 2011.... the end of the world in 2012
Nice ass beach day. Ain't shit better than sunshine....other than vodka
Nice workout to start the day
It's nice to wake up & know it's going to be a great day. I'm ending '11 with one of those days as we watch two of our best friends marry.
Hahaha had a nice talk with chawezi n dwinchi the have made my day yaba
What a nice day!
“@Harry_Styles: New day....Be nice to people!! :)”
Morning everyone! Hella nice day! I wouldn't mind laying in my bed enjoying it tho! Back to the money
offline! have a nice day~ happy new year chingu ^^ God bless! always love u Ukiss :)
Isn’t it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Really should have a proper meal instead of nice 'bits'. Not had proper food since christmas day :/
A nice shower and a coffe will be enough to wake me and get ready for the day :D
hi all .have a nice day?/
Huomenta! Have a nice day!!~
My day is startin off great just got off da fone wit him had a nice lil convo :)
Last day of 2011. It was a nice rollercoaster ride. Whatever 2012 brings i'll be there with open arms with open eyes. 2⃣0⃣1⃣2⃣
En route to make my last day of 2011 memorable,amazing. Have a nice day everyone!! :)
Would sleep all day ...breeze just so nice
Time to go out & play. I will *not* sit in front of the computer on such a nice day.
One day to sleep in would've been nice
work til 1 nice easy day.
Every girl in my household are having a day with curlers in! Hair done make up done for tonight.. And I'm sitting on the sofa.. Real nice
The weathers not very nice for the last day of the year...
Nice day.... 130 km training....
Uncomfortable with the unfamiliar? That seems to be life's way. Just do what you can to keep your heart happy and have a nice day.
such a nice last day in florida to end the year of 2011. cant wait for today/tonight.
"@TheNeonLove: If u plan on being wasted all day & all night just get a designated driver!!" « Nice! Best tweet so far! Happy 2012 to you :)
Left a nice clean house in Leeds for a messy house in Middlesbrough. Tomorrow will be a cleaning day as start of my new years resolutions :)
Welcome my new followers , what's up tweeps ! I hope you're all having a nice day wherever you are <3
'0mfgard, im lyk sew drunc' > Have a nice STD - I mean, day.
Happy Nice day!
25minute 2 go...will it be a nice b'day present to sir alex...we'll see..fingercrossed!
Happy new year wooooo everyone have a nice all day
happy birthday kari hope u had a nice day
Mom n dad woke me up nice n early this morning, on my day off! Tis all good, might as well get out of bed, have so much to do today!
Can't wait to ring in the New Year tonight and have a nice relaxing day off tomorrow!
Last Day of 2011........k. that's sound nice new of 2012!!!!! YaY...............
I wish tomorrow is a nice day O:)
Nice cheeky win on berba to score 2 or more nice start to my day
Nice day outside....#gottagetoutthehouse
Harry's first tweet of today was "New day.. Be nice to people :).xx" or something and mine was "morning benders" were not alike
“@Harry_Styles: New day....Be nice to people!! :)” BE NICE TO ME AND FOLLOW ME? ;) x
Made it to work on the last day of the year.  Concert last night was hot, the fellowship was nice, and I made it to work on time
Nice And Baked On My Bday What A Glorious Day
Good morning !!!! Such a nice day already cleaned up n washing last load of clothes gotta bring n the new year right !!
nice way to start the day my last day in 2011
Boring Start to the day, but its gonna be a nice ending.
Blessed : ) . Morning yall . Have a nice an blessed day .
“@Harry_Styles: New day....Be nice to people!! :)” awhhhh
“@George_Fleming3: 61 degrees today and sunny nice day in ATL!”<<<bragger!!!
Beautiful Day In The Dominican Republic, Currently In Barahona Then Going To The Capital, And From There To SPM .... Nice
Ahh nice day to settle in and play Skyrim on my new 70" TV
Why am I having horrible pains on a nice day like this?!
Dal Shalbet, A Pink & Girls Day cfm lose to TeenTop, B1A4 & Boyfriend one lah! BLUE TEAM FTWWWWW! Just nice blue team is dimple couple grp!
hello sorry for the wait i ben workin ( : but good morning , and have a nice day
Hearing a toddler scream to her mom in Dischem: "here's the cream that makes your privates smell nice!" just made my day
Have a nice day all..
I know it's a successful birthday when I wake up at 7am on the couch ;) Time for some rest for the last day of the year.
I'm gonna be successful one day. And buy my mom a house. Don't know about a car, because her ass already got two.
Last day of 2011 && I say it was a pretty successful year(:
Dressed for a successful day.
Successful time shopping for the second day in a row. Now cleaning the house for tonight :D
A rather successful day at the sales
Had a successful day of shopping.
Last day the "successful year" 2011 was an accomplishment..!
about to have my first ever nandos, after a successful day of shopping
But I was successful! Lol so moving along with my day. I have no sleeves on my shirt the haitians gon get me today sigh
Successful day shopping(:
Find out how everyday people start an eBay business from scratch and turn it into  a successful worldwide business selling 24 hours a day
beast debut one day after MBLAQ but they are more successful. infinite debut around <1 year after MBLAQ and they are more successful.
Very successful day shopping with Leah I must say.
Last day of 2011! I would like to thank you for all the support this year! Best wishes to each of you for a happy and successful 2012!!
Well my plan to sleep all day and party all night is so far somewhat successful :3
Here's wishing all the awesome people I know on Twitter a successful and fun-filled New Year. Live each day as if it were your last!
Definitely the last day of 2011. Looking forward to a successful 2012 with or without you! Happy New year to all my family and friends!! xxx
Good morning. May your day be even more successful than your last.
The New Year's just another day, if thats what you make it, or it can be a new start towards greatness. I want to see all of you successful!
The last day of 2011... A sunny, sparkly, healthy, successful Happy New Year to all my friends & family!  :-) KY
After one successful day, my sleeping pattern is now fucked again.
This year, every day is going to be productive and successful, and going to take me further towards my dream.
Tired after a day of shopping for ingredients for New Year's Eve, hopefully briefly successful party night \(′▽`)/
Thanking God for another day to be successful!!!
Successful shopping day
SkiGiantsRidge Personal endorsement | RT kingsbury: Successful ski day so far - decent snow conditio
S/O to the last day of this Crazy Ass/Hateful/ Mean Spirited  Year 2011!! & S/O 2 the Great/ Positive/ Motivational/ Successful Year of 2012
I wish everybody a successful last day in the year and a happy new. year 2012, we hope it won't be the last one
Successful people ve learned 2 blur the line between day & night n don't allow light dark or the time of day 2 keep them from dreams n goals
living life like its yours last day is wat u do after u reached your goal u gotta think bout the future to be successful
a successful day shopping makes a rainy day a little bit brighter!
Wishing U & ur Family a Successful Year ahead,which has 1extra day (366).So additional wishes for this additional day of leap year of 2012!
Well successful shop, good wee day to end 2011 !
Last day of 2011. Been a happy and successful year personally. Long may it continue in 2012.
Last day of the incredible year 2011! Let's hope 2012 is just as successful for one direction <3 Happy (almost) New year Directioners! :) x
GOODMORNING everyone, God Bless hope everyone day is blessed and successful
Overall a quite successful day.  A couple upgrades apiece for my rogue and hunter, some family time, and now sleep (post-simcraft, natch)!
May dis day be blessed and successful
If I feel like shit but can brighten up someone else day... My day was successful
Wishing everyone another successful New Year,open New Years day and through January
Last day of 2011, its been a successful year.
I'm thinking of having one of my successful sales that I used to have on facebook back in the day.
Rescued a lightroom gallery for a customer from Switzerland, I call that a successful day :D
Today is last day of the year but not last day of your life,In the new year I wish u r lucky happy healthy and successful,Happy New Year2112
Make this a successful day to end the year. Have a good one
Last day of 2011 .. Thankgod!!!!!! Bring on 2012, may it be a happy, successful and adventurous one . Peace out
I was wrong. Yesterday did not end in tears. Successful day for the middle daughter buying wedding dress.
On this last day of 2011 I would like to take the opportunity to wish everybody a successful, troublefree and healthy 2012. Stay hungry. St…
Today was such a successful day :)
Wish everyone a lovely last day of 2011, an amazing New Years Eve and a great and successful year 2012! <3
for the last day of 2011 i pray that God designates me on a path that will lead me to a successful 2012 where i make wiser decisions in life
One day I will be a successful man..
At this last day of the year 2011 I would like to take the opportunity to wish everybody a very successful, troublefree and healthy 2012
Thank you Jesus for letting me see the last day of 2011. I seek ur grace for a victorious & successful 2012 starting in about 12hrs frm now!
If we run then we have had a good day. If we help someone else run then that is a excellent day. Have a successful new year running everyone
12 mile bike ride and a core workout. Day 1 successful (Y) :-)
This year I tried to listen to a different album every day. I wasn't quite successful, but I think I managed to hear new albums on 200+ days
Last day of 2011...I hope you all have a blessed, successful year in 2012 ^_^
the last day of this year!!! I Hope the next year will be more successful in everything and everyone!Happy New year!!!<3<3<3
Finally touched down @ the crib from a long but successful day.........! :)«««««
Making the last day of 2011 count - successful songwriting session :)
Successful day with the girls I must say :)
Have a great day everyone, whatever you're up to. Wishing you all a very successful and prosperous 2012....
I guess it was a successful day.
We r seriously on the side of the road....Deric is puking ha...successful night...I think so Happy B day tyler
Nothing better than a nice late night shower to end yet another successful day ^-^ hopefully the Evo 3D and the ranch tomorrow c:
It's the last day of 2011 :) Hope 2012 will be more successful than 2011 :)
I still cant get over the fact. Mixed 8 songs in 4 hours, got fcked up, partied, and tlked to my special someone. successful day. Goodnight.
The plan today was to have no real plan. And the day was quite successful.
New Year's Eve - a day to assess what you have learnt & achieved in order to launch a more successful 2012
Team 6 & 160th SOAR always make perfect combination & successful night raid ops. Night Stalker Don't Quit; The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday.
CC mas doni : One day, I hope you grow up and be successful and happy because you deserve more than how people have treated you.
The last day of 2011 ! May 2012 be very enjoyable,successful,full of love,happiness,peace and dreams coming true!Greeting all my followers!
Must avoid a NY Day hangover at all costs! Cant do that anymore. Wishing everyone a happy healthy and successful New Year
I just had a serious challenge figuring out what day it is.... this vacation = successful.
Never regret a day in your life,“good day gives u joy while bad day gives u experience”. Both are important for a successful life.#teamswag
Today was a successful blog day. Gained followers and got a couple asks.
Successful marriage day
ON THIS DAY: 1941, Alex Chapman Ferguson .was born in Govan, Glassgow. Happy Birtday .to the Most Successful Coach in the World. .GGMUFC!!!
Today was actually a very successful day of eating healthy and kicking my ass working out.
Ima be successful one day you'll see
Praise the Lord, it's finally the last day of the year. We thank God for a successful 2011, and pray for a better year in 2012! :P
Last day of 2011. It's been a good, successful year. 2012 will be even more successful. Im ready to catch it all Jesus.
Totally a successful day with out clubbing
Preciate all the birthday wishes, it was a successful day.
Today was a successful shopping day!  Time to relax to some coldplay
Today was another successful day, hopefully tomorrow is just as fucking good
Successful lil day now finna be on my way back to fresno in a min to get ready fo dis new year Pz Up
Overall successful day, eventhough we didn't do anything we planned to do.
“@RayBanz_N_Vans: If I don't pass out tm & die for like 23 hours... It won't be a successful day.”
If I don't pass out tm & die for like 23 hours... It won't be a successful day.
Glad to see our planet is going to complete successful orbital period around sun. We have 1 more extra day this time in 2012. Best Wishes :)
Successful day with Chad! After Solvang we went to Toppers and Rocket Fizz and ate until we almost threw up. HUZZAH! :D
What a successful day! I had the best time of my life!
Sharks, hawaiian rays, spotted eagle rays, turtles, eals, and octopus all in one day. Another successful day in hawaii diving.
Overall, a successful day. Spent it with Jellybean, did ALL my chores, saw bestguy, got my fro'yo , & now, cozy in bed.
As you witness the last day of the year in 2011, may you witness more of it in your life. Wishing u successful & peaceful cross-over to 2012
About once a day my refrigerator is successful in making me check if someone is knocking on my front door.
“@scooperachi: everybody i know wish successful relationships got together in december. i have 1 day left. lmao”ctfu
everybody i know wish successful relationships got together in december. i have 1 day left. lmao
Hopefully one day, I'll be amongst those successful stories. InshaAllah.
Another successful day or at least how it ended
Last day of 2011 how are u starting your new year?  Mines will be more successful
What a successful day :) except for dude being a douche.
Fat, bloated and plenty of blog research for the day = a successful cheat day.
Cannot believe that this is the last day of 2011, it went too fast... Hopefully 2012 will go more slow and successful :)
last day of the year... We thank God for how far He has brought us, we pray for a much more successful and prosperous 2012.
Had my first air ball of the season, and lost in the scrimmage. Overall successful day
I hit 2 million points on temple run! I must say today was a successful day
Last day of the year 2011 :-) this year is very successful for me ....
What a productive day, and successful evening!
Td is last day for this year. I wish everyone to happy all year and successful on everything. 
Successful day .
Last day of 2011!!!!here's to an even better more successful and happier 2012 for everyone!!!!!!!
successful day.
The sun shine †̥• Brighten my day... What pleasant way †̥ end a successful 2011...
The Last Day of 2011, what's has it been like for you? Successful, distractful, objected! What's you're 2012 projection.....☺..✉..♐♐♐..
hmmm if everything goes as planned tomorrow , my day will be very successful (:
Devotional then bedtime. Very successful day and night! So ready for tomorrow :)
Rather successful day!
successful purchase day. so many colourful clothes! yay
I will be in a successful relationship.. One day!
New years?! what about it? its just gonna be a normal ass day to me. until I'm successful, every day to me is classified as normal.#deadass
successful shopping day 
' successful day fishing, feeling sick again, but got to hang out with Cole, and drink tea. I've got myself the best ever. <3
Successful day(:
After a successful day of shopping, I would like to say, I wanna go shopping again.
Successful day with seannnn<3
Jesus camp day 1... Successful ❤⛪
Moving day 1 was mostly successful.  . .So excited for tomorrow!!!
what a successful day of shopping :)))
Another successful year of twittering. You guys are all so special to me! Have a great 2012. And it is one day longer right? 366 days ;)
Successful day overall
successful day at the mall.
what a successful day.
Successful Disneyland Day! Apparently Richard saw Purdy and I missed her! Hahaha
Another successful meeting completed (Balckout Aside). Thanks again to Richard Weschler for his great presentation and saving the day.
Its d last day of 2011,thank u father for d successful year
Very successful day :)
successful day. got some fresh kicks and worked 9 hours. mo' money no problems
Overall... A successful day :)
had a very successful day of shopping!:)
I've had a very successful day today. Bella just licked me and wagged her tail for the first time since getting here.(':
Had a successful day....
Such a successful day
I didn't die tonight. I would say thats a successful day.
Successful day :)
Longggg successful &wonderful day<3
Today was a pretty successful day.
must say that today was a very successful day
Overall today was a successful day.
Had a very successful day with my boyfriend
Thanking my God for this wonderful successful day I had. (:
I'm happy to say that today has been a good and successful day (:
Back from the city. Successful shopping day
Today was a successful day. I got volume 1 of the walking dead, american gods, 1984, and the time machine for $26. Money well spent.
All I did today was pray, write lyrics, and record songs That's successful day for me.
Successful day of writing!  A few more good days like this and I may finish sooner than expected!
Imma be focused only on the things that will make me successful, the other things...you will not get the time of day
I would like to finish watchin this game but im kinda tired but i has a successful day.
It's not a successful day at Macy's unless I'm getting yelled at by a customer
Anotha day Successful.
Today was a successful day on tiwtter :)
I dream all day of being successful. I'm constantly thinking of how to make money, and how to change $1 into $100.
Wish everyone a happy last day in 2011 and a joyful, successful and beautiful 2012
My last Friday of 2011 was a successful day lol
One day I wanna be as successful in life as Joe Nick or Kevin, but I dont think thats even possible<3
I dream of one day having a successful career that I love.
Such a successful day on Twitter. :D
Successful day of quality family fun time. Also, the new UNO Roboto game is über amounts of awesome.
Last tweet of the last Friday of 2011: Successful day
Aside from me feeling like I'm getting sick right now, it was a successful day. I need more of those
Successful day of shopping as well...used my gift cards and only spent about 26 dollars of my own money, thanks Body Central ❤
Successful fun fucking filled day!
surrender to God whatever plans u have in mind then everything would be successful...Busy day!
Another successful and happy day with the best friend
A great day of intense and violent filmmaking culminated in my first moderately successful video-installation piece, entitled 'Chair.'
Successful shopping day (:
Each day i grow wiser with the intent of being successful, no where in that statement say i NEED friends.””
One day I’m going to be successful. I’m going to be happy. And that will be the day that I’ll prove you wrong.
It has been a surprisingly successful anti-social day :3 fun stuff
You should not look down onto her. Who knows one day she'll be more successful than you are & thwt moment will slap you right in yr face :)
Each day i grow wiser with the intent of being successful, no where in that statement say i NEED friends.
Successful day
I'd consider today a successful day :)
Successful day, but now I'm exhausted. Bed, I await your loving embrace!
Steak and Cheeses, Shopping= a successful day in Philly
Its been a very long but successful day! Patty said YES TO THE DRESS!! and its gorgeousss
Successful shopping day at the galleria with my girls (:
another successful day lol
Fun successful day! Tired but ready for tomorrow!!!
Babe day was successful <3 he took me to outback and the icemen game tonight!7Eg7
I'm having an overall successful day. Gonna make it perfect with a relaxing night.
Successful shopping PLUS i saw my boys , which absolutely kept me smiling this whole day :)
Successful shopping day (y)
Almost home from Blaine! Long day but successful one! Way to go thunder!
Successful ass day, can't complain!
Only 1 more day in 2011. There was a mixture of good and bad, but overall it was a successful year.
Successful day but wore out, time to sleep!
successful day....i love my friends!
Cleaned out car spent time with my wonderful nieces and nephews had a great workout and a nice dinner successful day!!!!!
Long but successful day guess its time to call it a night because tomorrow I have to do it all over again
Had a successful day! :-)
Awe the last day of 2011 tomorrow.! It's been a successful year.!
Successful rehearsal dinner! Tomorrows the big day for Matt (@iufan24) and Kelsey!
Rt “@PrettyApollonia: had a terrible day.. but i was successful in NOT letting it affect me mentally ”
had a terrible day.. but i was successful in NOT letting it affect me mentally
Dayum. Successful day I'd say
First successful day without Facebook and it feels good
Done moving (kinda).&successful day. I was determined to make my bed & futon fit in my room unattached
What a successful day
Very successful mall day
successful day with Tara ! ;D
I Will Own a Successful Ass Strip Club One Day :)
All in all , it was a successful day .
A very successful day.
A long but very successful day :)
Put in a lot of work today .Thanks to the man for another successful day
Lesson of the Day: If you truly have Christ in your life, you've lived a successful life <3
successful shopping day with mother <3
Successful day at great lakes crossing.
I'm just thankful for all the things I was blessed with and hope I can be as successful as I desire one day
I'M WATCHING FRIENDS. Day = successful
Successful day ! Again ❤
Happy birthday to Steve Bruce as well.. Wish u luck & be a successful Manager 1 day...
successful day at blue hehe
Successful day at the Natick Collection
"Remember a successful day is counted by smiles on faces, there is no other way to count success."
One day I am going to be so stupidly successful and rich that I will never have to worry about rent again.
One day I want to become successful in music
Successful do nothing day? Check. Glad I got one in before j-term heck breaks loose
Its been a successful day :D
Bought green pants, successful day
Landed back in Tampa after a tiring but successful day and an insightful conversation with my random seat partner on the flight.
Successful day of shopping at Woodbridge mall :D
RT “@Realtalk_cheer: when you wake up the next day with bruises all over your body, you know you had a successful day of cheer.”
When your hands smell like fish after washing them ten times, you know you have had a successful day of fishing
"New" Day ."New" Morning ."New" Hopes ."New" Plan ."New" Efforts ."New" Success ."New" Feelings .I pray to God to give you a Happy & successful day
Nails,tan,lunch,tennis,shopping,working out...successful day!
Had a successful lil shoppin' day w my momand now watching the game at Logan's Roadhouse..BOOMER SOONER!! ⭕☝❤
Very successful day of shopping today
Very successful day..
Finally home, but it was a successful day of shopping :)
Assuming I can avoid it for one more day, New Years Resolution 2011 will have been successful: I did not drink any pop for an entire year.
Successful day shopping. New clothes for the new year
You're ass stays at the mall RT"@_ohxreckless: successful day of shopping ^_^"
Successful shopping day.<3
Successful day :) went to Atlantic Station .. got some Steve Madden heels then to Cheesecake Factory and then to the Hawks game!
successful day of shopping ^_^
Successful day on the job
I bought two pairs of glittery shoes today. Sounds like a successful day shopping.
Hope one day to be successful not just a spoiled bitch
Successful day of shopping!
successful day. :)
Successful day:) only two days left of not doing anything but laying on the couch!
had a successful day at westfield paramatta shopping centre in sydney :) !
Successful day at the mountain!
Yes you're very attractive. Yes you will be very successful one day.  I know this. I just hope you never let that success get to your head.
successful day of shopping in Santa Monica
Last day of 2011, another year, hopefully a successful year! :D
Successful day to say the least.
Well, I was successful in staying in my Pjs all day. At least I can reach some of my goals......
Successful day!
Successful day of shopping downtown w/ the girls :)
lmfaooo, the answer(s) i got tonight. this made this day successful.
I would call this a pretty successful day in Knoxville
Successful shopping day
Successful first day using the GoPro...got a video of a random naked guy taking a piss in the woods and of my dad eating shit on a rock.
Very successful day of shopping.
today was a successful day :)
Can't wait till the day come. When i become a successful man.
Successful vegetarian day :=)
Successful shopping day, so happy about my purchases!!
I really thank im loosin my mind one day at a time...da craziest and most successful ppl in da world are smart & vise versa
Successful day of shopping (:
I had a successful day off :)
I think we had a very successful day, but I still hate driving.
Successful shopping day:-)
Successful day at the mall.
Successful day shopping in the city
Successful day. I need to keep staying busy though..
I'd say that was a successful first day.
Successful day of shopping :)
Successful day in London brought a new shirt for NYE and ice skating was a laugh
Just got back from the mall and dinner.. Successful day! :)
What a successful day... got flashed by a random black man on i85. At least I can say i've seen a black penis, on the bright side?
What a successful day.
Successful shopping day. Killer shoes.
I got poppy things, cow tails, and a kaldiscope. Successful day :)
If I don't have a hangover the day after new years it wasn't a successful night
successful shopping day, and a cute new years outfit <3 now just have to find some place to go tomorrow...
Finally home on the east side. Had a successful day of moving all my belongings from GR 2 home! I'll miss GR a lot & will deff visit often!!
This has been a super successful day.
Had a successful shopping day :)
Successful shopping day with the girls :)
very successful day of thrifting
successful day at hidden valley
Saved $75 at Gilly Hicks, didn't run into anyone I hate, & bought dad's bday gift (wine bottle set). Yesterday was a successful mall day!
Ikea. Why are you so good to me?Successful day of shopping my ass off.
Had a successful day , diamond got her first set of shots like a big girl :)
successful day
Last day of the year. Time for introspection, aiming and optimism! Have a satisfying and successful 2012. Enjoy last moments of 2011. . .
Made successful moves 4 da day...time 2 fuckin rest...
Today was a successful day :)
Successful and productive day! Making dinner and relaxing in tonight :)
Long but successful day of shopping
Another successful day at gym
Good morning everyone, the last day in 2011.. I hope be better in 2012, give me health, successful, n blessing of god aminn o:)
Had a very successful show at Hayling holiday park great crowd. Off to bed as got a long day ahead lunch time show in weston super mare
successful ass oc house hunt day but now i'm playing this middle man and i don't like it.  -___-
Diet day w/e was successful! .Workout = resting from dehydration... .Last time!
Very successful shopping day with Lexii. :)
Successful day one shopping check!
Another successful day of wiping butt
Successful shopping day.
Hahah . Successful day <3
Nas is way better than jay z , we love jay z he is successful BUT dont  compare him to esco even if they had beef. nas or jay z NAS ALL DAY
Successful day of shopping(:
successful shopping day!
Got me a new pair of shoes...it was a successful day. 
3 followers in one day... pretty successful day social-wise :D
“@__LoveDash: I wanna be so established and successful 2 the point my momma ain't ever gotta work a day in her life again”
You know it's a successful day when you never got out of your pj's.
Home from a successful day of blowin money :)
This is the last day in the year 2011 . .hopefully more successful in 2012 and the spirit
Long semi successful day of shopping with kota
Got my wings & fried rice .. Today was a very successful day (:
Successful day with Priscilla and I think my dad is drunk
I wanna be so established and successful 2 the point my momma ain't ever gotta work a day in her life again
Another successful day! Now for a successful night!
A very successful day ending with the excitement of tomorrows fabulous events!
been successful stopping smoking 6th day moving along
Successful shopping day☺
successful day, with her tomorrow. going to be awesome! (:
Successful day at the gym. 
Such a successful shopping day! Woooo!
a successful day of shopping. (:
Successful day at the mall..$350 later. Ha. Now spending some time with the ladies before I decide if I wanna go out tonight or not..
Work. Nap. Eat Mars bar. Successful day.
successful shopping day:)
Successful shopping day! :D
Not very successful shopping day
Successful day at the book store. This New Years resolution is being set into motion.
successful day of shopppppping!
I will be successful one day, no doubt!
And I also went on the subway and survived. It's been a successful day
Successful day of shopping. Now I believe its time to end it on a good note.#welcometomyhouseparty
Successful day of shopping and I only spent 50 bucks HAAAAA
90DC(31)_Thank you GOD for this Great Day!Successful living demands a Plan &Thank you for giving us everything whatever it takes to succeed.
Just realized you can hear John's backup vocals on Back to the Start like, really good. Day=successful :)
Successful day; now relaxing with a cup of coffee as I'm reading Leaving by Karen Kingsbury :)
successful shopping day today.
My feet hurt. Walked all of Central Park and then walked to eat some Chinese. Another successful day!
Successful shopping on the last day of 2011 :D
Successful day at dance.
Successful day of shopping:)
One day, i'll be as successful as a penguin is at being a bird :)
Pretty successful day of shopping.
I actually had a successful shopping day, yay me
Glen is home.. i am so proud of his successful day..
Successful shopping day with mom & my best friend. Love themmmm
Today has been such a successful shopping day ☺
Successful day doing fuck all. .
Another successful day w/ the bestie...now time to hit the sheets...lolPuM
i pray to god give you a happiness and successful day
Successful 12 hour day at whitetail
SUCCESSFUL day !!!!!!
Successful day of shopping at Easton. Now a 3 hour car ride back home.
Longest day at work! But busy an successful
Pretty successful day so far!
today has been a successful day. A good end to 2011.
To all in the Lakeview community. Have a great final day of 2011 and look forward to a very successful 2012 year for our wonderful school!
Very successful day.!
Successful day of shopping :))
Im Only Looking Forward To The Day In 2012 When Im Look Back & Realize Im Happier. More Successful. & Standing Stronger Then I Was In 2011
Last day of the year. Thank you Lord for an amazing and successful 2011. Best flat, best friend, great times, cum laude, honors, happiness!
has had one successful day. (;
Successful day and it's not even over yet 
Somewhat successful tdot shopping day. I wanna go back and get things I put back... wah.
Successful Shopping Day'.. Got Fragrance, Watch, Jeans, & Shoes!
What a successful day. :)
It's been a successful day, thanks to everyone who came out for a hair cut!!! see you tomorrow, barber love!
I dream that my solo career will one day be as successful as Leonard Nimoy's. Seriously.
Just Finished Working Out. This Was A Pretty Successful Day.
Id call this a successful day.
day one of my diet is going pretty successful so far 29 days left
Another successful day time for this nap
Let every day be your day for making resolutions! Blessings to you all for a successful business in 2012!
successful day of shopping.
Such a successful shopping day!!! Soo ready to bring in the new year :))
Successful day is successful
Successful day of shopping.
Such a successful shopping day in Charleston!
There is bread and salad and finally I can move without wanting to crawl on the floor. SUCCESSFUL DAY.
i spent my day hanging and driving my younger brother and his friend around. wow what a successful day
Successful snowboarding day! & now I shall nap & get my night started :)
Soo exhausted! But successful day
Rather successful day
Successful Day shopping.  ^_^
good night <3  tomorrow starts a busy day !! and I'm looking forward to a successful evening :] and a good start into the new year ♥
Successful shopping day ☺
A successful day with my steph lova <3
Such a successful shopping day
Successful day of. Shopping getting a lot of new things and not paying for anything !
Successful day.
3 networks in 1 day, I'd call that successful! Bloomberg, NBC, and CBS!
Successful day in indy with my twitterless friends. (:
Another successful day of sitting in my room alone yay
successful day of shopping :)
Successful shopping day with my momma
It's amazing what a good mood you can be put in after a successful day of shopping
Successful day....Christmas decorations are put away, cleaned out my closet and my dresser!
Pretty successful day! 4 coyotes and 1 cat!!
If setting a new high score on temple run is all I do, it's a successful day.
A successful day! Slept in, went to Chik fil a, then ridhmar mall, then hulen mall, and now dinner at BJ's resteraunt^_^
successful shopping day :)
Successful & Fun day (:
Very successful shopping day :)
One day, I will be successful, I will be rich, I will have no problems...one day.
Successful day of shopping. Game over for my feet though
"New day,New morning,New hopes,New plans,New efforts,New success,New feelings" I pray.. God give you a successful day .. -good Morning-
Successful day of shopping, I actually got stuff for other people
Semi-successful shopping day. I'm satisfied.
Had a nice successful day shopping with the bf. Love him a lot I do
I had a successful day at the mall :)
Successful day of shopping yay! I think everything I bought was on sale !!  :)
Successful day of shopping.(:
well. stepped out of the house for the first time today. successful lazy day = check.
This has been a very successful day of shopping!
Successful day of snowboarding...ready for another one tomorrow
Successful day on the air. Still learning. But I'm still a beast.
Successful day of "job hunting"
Successful day of shopping = happy Ryan :)
Today was a successful day of shopping
Had such a successful day shopping.
Six shirts three dresses two necklaces and a  pair of shoes i would say today has been a successful day
What a great day. 3 successful iPhone recoveries today!  . .Remember keep your iPhone away from water, Dr. Pepper, and beer.
Another successful day of shopping! see you once again seattle, before I go back to the ghetto SHWA!!
I think of a successful day as a tweet from someone off coach trip, and a reply from someone off youtube. Welcome to my sad little life. :')
Anyways, successful shopping day with mommy(:
Successful day of fishing :)
Successful muddin' day with Garrett!  . .Check(:
What a successful day of shopping!
Had such a successful day, happy and positive
Who's staying the night at my place Tonight!?! Movie Night Celebration after a successful shopping day :) yes in deed
Successful shopping day with mommadukes
Successful day! :)
$450+ of clothes etc for $130 = successful day of shopping
another successful shopping day, yay!
successful day of shopping yay
Successful day of shopping, getting my eyebrows done and trimming my hair :)
Very successful shopping day
Finished essay 1 for Autism class. Baked two different batches of Xmas Cookies.  a rather successful day.
Successful day:)
Finished a successful day of shopping with some GiGi's cupcakes. Today was pretty awesome. :)
Another successful day at the office
Beats and Xbox. Pretty damn successful day.
This is the last big work day of 2011 for many of you. Wishing all of you a very happy & successful 2012! ^K
Today was a successful hat day
Besides that, successful day of shopping fa' sho. #$$$
Successful day at the mall :) .Had to redo things since I was fresh out of surgery the last time.
Successful day of shopping. Got everything I need and some
Successful shopping day with my sisstaa ♥
Successful shopping day in buffalo!!
Successful shopping day!
1 day ill be a successful women ♥ ☺
successful day of skiing today. sorry i'm a pro.
Another successful day of shopping but this one was one mum. The only thing is that I can't stop think about this coat! It was so beautiful.
Successful day of leaving this town.
This by far has been such a successful day(:
very successful day with my sister & was able to get her gift !
ah such a successful shopping day
Successful shopping day :)
VERY successful shopping day. Intense workout and great finds!
Today was a successful day!
Had a successful day today ..... I'm glad I got somethings out the way! !!
Successful shopping day!! :D
Super successful shopping day thus far.
Today has been a successful day eating full-fat coke and buckets of toast. Added a new definition to the word Hermit.
I enjoyed my day to the max!!! I am really focusing on finishing school being rich n successful and BEING A GREAT WIFE!!!
The feeling you get after a successful shopping day >>>
Such a successful day shopping :)
All of our little guests have left. I'd call it a successful day! 11 little girls, not 1 ounce of drama, not 1 mean word! They made banana
Successful day in Mcallen :)
Pretty successful day
pretty successful day
love my new clothes :} successful shopping trip.. pattern leggings, knitted leggings and few new tops & makeup! hehehe love pay day!
Found the perfect NYE dress booooooyah! Such a successful day
Overly successful shopping day..someone help
Successful day at Roosevelt with Paige :)
successful day, went shopping & cleaned out my closet, now for the rest of the night. 
New boots + pink hoodie? Successful day at the mall
Successful day...even tho I only got 2 hours of sleep
Successful day of shopping.
successful day of shopping. even thou i only bought 3 things. its 3 more than what i usually buy when i go shopping:)
Very successful day so far but i still have shit to get done
successful day of shopping...everything i got was 50% off wooo!
Huge soccer day=Sat?Derby v WestHam,Wolves @ Bolton,MUFC v Blackburn+more?Wish all a happy,healthy,successful 2012?"If in doubt,kick it out"
successful day with my gf ^-^
Successful day! Time for some well deserved Gilmore Girls time.
A successful day of Zynga games and... dammit!
Successful shopping trip. Gonna be a good ass day.
Out to supper after a successful day of riding
Successful shopping day! But stuck with the girls at the mall..... Fml need a ride back home!
Successful day shopping
Successful day in New York.
AH SUCCESSFUL DAY OF SHOPPING FOR PRESENTS :') I love getting nice things for people I care so much about. <3 Now wrapping time!
mad tired right now, but it was a successful day of shopping :)
Day full of shopping...not successful
grubbing out at Cadillac Ranch , successful day (y)
successful shipping day
Lunch and another successful day of shopping with my gram :)
Day 3 of jumping jacks - successful!
Had an successful day of shopping :)
Just because Wiz Khalifa can smoke weed all day and be successful doesn't mean it's gonna happen to you.
Jammed thumb, sore legs, sore knees, sore back, sore wrists, and wind burn.. successful day of skiing :)
Successful day Shopping. 3 new pairs of jeans!.hope no one takes these!!!!
150 pages of my book. New record in Kamikaze. New record in flick home run. 35 levels of unblock me. Pretty successful day at work.
Full day of racing at beautiful Hialeah followed by some of the best tacos I've ever had. Successful day in Florida.
Successful shopping day to say the least
successful shopping day
Successful day of shopping :) ð
Successful day shopping with my mama!
Successful day! LS1 dual fans are now mounted to the universal radiator. Next up: mounting the radiator to the new support.
Successful shopping day  Got everything I need for tomorrow 
Successful night when I sleep all day
Successful day of shopping with the blacklock ladies!
Very successful day of shopping if I do say so myself
Very successful shopping day! Dress for Valentine's Day date from Forever 21, gray sweater for me and navy sweater for Josh at H&M. :)
Successful shopping day. ^______^
Very successful day!
Sweet success is mine! Hoarder boyfriend recycled 1 of the 2 VCR's!  And I thru out all my old punk tapes. Successful day. Out w/ the old...
Successful day at the mall
2011's last attempted to ruin my day was fcking successful... con-fcking-grats...
This been a frustrating & long but successful day I must say lol
Successful shopping day at Lakeforest
Such a successful day, & the nightt is still young(;
finally coming home. Successful day
My day was successful, but I spent like all my money :/
So today. has been a successful day.
Extremely successful day of shopping (:
Successful day at granite. Paige hurt her wrist and Nicole got hit by a little kid.
Unsuccessful day of shopping. Successful day of eating.
Successful day of skiing minus the two times I fell off of the ski lift.....
Successful day in Geebs.
A successful day on the west coast of Barbados Some nice images of Six Mans Bay and Little Good Harbour The new book is coming on nicely!
Very successful day. Got my license, sat in a lambo, and stood at the end of the rainbow at witt
Day 1 of the diet was successful :-)
very successful shopping day
tonight was great..panera, uggs, clothes.. very successful day!!
shopping day was super successful (:
Successful shopping day, got lots of cute stuff!
successful day of shopping(=
Overall a successful day in Glasgow apart from minor incidents...and the fact it never stopped raining.
Had a successful week & a half of drinking, eating as much as I can and sleeping. One more day, it's been fun.
successful ass day
Successful day. Dang ppl need Jesus
Successful day of a much needed shopping excursion
In bed after a very very successful day ;)
Successful shopping day I must say
Pretty successful day so far :]
6 items for only $110, successful day of shopping :)
Successful day at Dave & Busters with the cousins((:
A highly successful club shipping day! Hooray!
Another successful day! Woo Hoo! Hotels booked, business plan started, no time for sleep.........
Successful day so far
Learned my first song. :) success. And proud its green day. At least that's one successful thing I did over the vacation ;D
Just got about $200 worth of clothes for $37! Yepp. It's been a successful day!! :)
Another successful day of doing nothing. I feel accomplished : D
Successful day...I love buying new underwear
Pretty successful day even if I didn't leave the house!
successful day, picked a dress for the wedding, got a lot of much-needed stuff. now time to veg out and watch TV in bed.
Ill be successful one day. I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
successful day. now no more shopping til myrtle beach!!!... ah who am I kidding we all know that will never happen
Successful shopping day. I feel better :)
Overall, pretty successful day south of the border.
Another successful day shopping!
Successful day shopping at Westfield today!
"the day u want to be successful, is the day where you cherish success as much as you do breathing" --I kinda tweaked it a little
successful shopping day today
Fell down the stairs, got set on fire and fell down a hole. Very successful day I think!
Successful shopping day:)
It is a perfect day to be successful
Shortest day we've had but most successful day we've had!
Any day I can fit a nap in to I consider successful.
Successful day of driving, aside from causing my dad like 3 heart attacks..#wegood!
Successful day of shopping
Successful day at the movies! Go see THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO.
Happy Hour .....I will not let it be ruined! I have had a successful day thus far ......
Successful day at the mall! :)
Successful day of shopping! Girls night tonight!
Just put in some good time at the course. Had the tunes on, chipping, and thinking. Successful mid-day.
what a long, yet successful work day. need to reward myself tonight...what to do, what to do hmmm...
What a successful day! Ending my year with a bang!! Everyone have a Blessed day!
Damn straight successful shopping day :) I love deals
Time for bed after busy and successful day:)
I didn't pass out while my blood was taken. I count this day successful.
Another successful day at work! What are all of my followers doing for New Years? Anything special?
Last day of a successful year
successful day of skiing
Wellll.. Pretty successful day if I do say so myself!
Such a successful day of shopping <3 keldon to Milwaukee
I would say a successful day playing on Jv..well for the 8min I played! Good work Jv another win!
Ordered my calendar and got two new pairs of jeans that actually fit :) successful day
Wakin up to darkness.... Feels like its gonna be a successful day
Successful day of shopping, I'd say. Just need to get my new dinnerware set and I'm good!
successful shopping day.
... Successful day (:
Okay, today was slightly less successful in terms of travelling but we are only 2hrs away from the house & planning a relaxed day
successful shopping day(:
Successful shopping day. Now nap time, then time to get the workout on
Such a successful day..minus my foot lol..doing a lot of limping
My me day was  successful
Takis for breakfast, at 1 in the afternoon...I think this is the start of a successful day
Starting my new year's resolutions a day early so that, if successful, I can say: "Oh yeah, I've been doing that since last year."
Having great successful day shopping with my best friend >>>>
Successful day (Y)
Successful day of fishing
Helly Hanson jacket and Concords in one day. I feel successful today.
Brought my new printer today. Plus, Season One of Superman: The Animated Series & Justice League: Unlimited. This has been a successful day
Successful day so far.
Successful day of shopping so far. I need more jeans tho . Hmm.
A successful day in forever 21 >>>
Successful day
Nothing better than a successful shopping day!
Successful day dt!
eight pumps of sweetener = crack .. at starbucks , now my work day will be successful .
Yay found super cute jeans and got my watch fixed. Successful shopping day! Now off to finish cleaning house. Blah!
If your not tryna be successful in the new year, or better yet, the next day, get out my hot damn face wit your coulda, woulda, shouldas.
Ringing in the new year with a successful day of shopping with mommy
man, i envy people made of money, i hope to be that successful one day.
Another successful day of meeting another new  bossman... ops is where its at, its what I want. :)
What a successful day in town with katiebell, and now I'm excited for tomorrow. Brrring on new year! ☺
successful day of shoppping! dont wanna go home:(
successful shopping day :) sadly I was alone :(
