I had a dream about you /:
i had a dream this morning that i was poppin' on a vacation trip. i bit my finger as i looked this guy who was with his girl up & down. -__-
Just had a dream that I was borrowing someone's Ferrari and I crashed it. So no one loan me a Ferrari today. Ok thanks.
Last night i had a dream about you
I had this weird dream that my schoolyard was a frozen lake and there were polar bears living there.
I also dreamt I had a ulcer under my eye lid and it mangled my eyelid it was disgusting but a separate dream.
had a dream last night that i was a ginger.
had a long dream about oom(female)f last night.... good lawd!
i had a dream I went to Carlo's Bakery and they were selling these huge motha effing crabs and it got my lola and i saved her LOLL
I had a dream I was flying over three islands. One was covered in skulls, the other in snakes, and the third was paradise. Am I dying?
Tierra: "I had a TERRIBLE dream." .Us: "what?" .Tierra: "i had a dream i washed my hair and ALLLLLL my red came out."
Think im headen up to twin tonight had a dr dream I one big    :x
I had dhis dream-___- .I woke mad AF .Then realized it was jus a dream.
I had a dream my mom was wearing my favorite dress, I was a little bummed out
I had a dream I met beyonce....
I've had a good dream every night this week, but last night was too much -____-
I had a dream about my Grandma last night & woke up crying .. still a little emotional right now :'/
I had a dream Michael Ball was involved in a hit and run.
I had a dream about Blake Shelton, does this mean he fell asleep thinking about me or...
Had a dream I got inked. Woke up, it was reality
I had a dream that my dad and ian came home :(
Had a dream I beat the shit out of AK and Mirkes broke it up and then I hit him... It's gonna be a good day.
I had a weird ass dream..
That dream tho <<< i havnt had a dream in foreva
I had a crazy crazy dream about oomf.!
Just had a dream that Lego men smoked all my weed. I'm never going to sleep again.
This girl texted me and told me she had a dream that I was possessed by a demon...I really think I may be the son of Satan.
Had a great sleep & a great dream :))))
Had a dream last night that I met lady gaga at a restaurant. Wish it was true :( I got a picture with her and everything!
Had a Dream Last Night that was tooo real, ... smh
yall I had a dream about my husband (Webbie) :-)  lol
Just waking up. Lol. I had a bad dream last night
Had a really weird dream last night...
“@CarolinaSummer I never had a dream till I found you”
She Just Tweaked She Had A Dream We Was High
HOLYSHIT I HAD A DREAM EVERYONE FROM SCHOOL FOUND THIS TWITTER. I WAS SCREWED.
oh I had such a wonderful dream
Morning.....what a stupid dream I had last night
I know I had a weird dream last night I just can't remember what it was ...
-__- had a horrible dream hopefully it doesnt happen again
I had a dream abt oomf, and damn she looked good
had a dream i got arrested for bein drunk and under age....maybe thats a sign that i should just keep my ass inside tonight!
I had a dream last night where a girl from school molested my face. It was just as weird as it sounds.
I had a dream...it was the end of the world lol
Had a dream I went to Costa Rica....Woke up, still was i Holland. Dissapointed.
W...T....F. Had a dream that a homicidal gingerbread man was after me. What the frock did I eat before I went to bed?
if i had a lucid dream that would be the coooolest
iHad a dream that Rihanna was giving Chris Brown a lap dance then she looked at his left hand and he had on an engagement ring ... (cont)
I had a dream where I digged up my bones but I was still alive.
I had a dream I got a sparkley (yes sparkley) script tattoo just below my belly button. I wish I remembered what it said
Had a dream I went to ausralia and passed out on the beach and when I woke up I was getting my blood sucked by a turtle...
Had a dream last night that a former supervisor, who I liked, has cancer. The dream seemed so real. I hate having dreams like that.
Last night I had a dream I was a secret agent on a mission in the Vietnamese jungle...
fuh some odd reason I had a bad dream last night
had a bad dream last night
One time I had a dream about chicken nuggets and I woke up whimpering because my parents always had me eating healthy - no nuggets for me :(
Had a very fucked up dream this morning. Can't let it come tru
I had that dream about you again where you drive my car right off a fucking cliff.
Had the best dream ever. It's a shame it  isn't real
I had a crazy ass dream last night.
I had a dream about me graduating >.
Awkward when you find out your friend had a sex dream involving you, her and James Corden.
Had a crazy ass dream last night.....tryna figure out where the hell my mind be at when im sleepin
Had a dream how tonight was supposed to play out. It was weird
I had a Dream on of my Ex's Tried to Trap Me.....too Scary
Had a dream about my baby.. I miss him
I had a dream that I was opening up for skrillex & sonny  came to me about it. agreed to take me under his wing then gave me a new set up
I had a dream that my dad tried to kill me :c
ok, i had a dream i lost all my teeth. wot the fuck??!
I ALSO HAD A PRETTY AMAZING DREAM. It was just... that... AMAZING.
Omgosh I juss had a dream that I got arrested smh I hope that NEVER happen; I was crying like a babe :(
I had a very realistic dream last night. About real people.
Had a gud dream about ur dick ;)
Had a dream I was drunk as hell
Putter:Had a wonderful dream about you... You were bringing me snacks!
Had a dream about a girl i aint seen in a long time
Had A Random Dream Last Night -_-
Had a crazy dream....but if its meant to be then okay, I'll deal with it
I had a dream that my great great grandma & grandpa were still alive ! & they were renewing their vows . Weirdd !
I had a dream I stole a truck full of BBQ chicken lmao mmmm
I had a bad dream lastnite...woke up in tears....
this time last year I'd already spent New Year's Eve and a dream had just come true: seeing Sydney Harbour firewoks live, no TV!
Then i had a dream i was standing in line with Jay Z & Kanye for the grand opening of a weak ass clothing line .
&& I had a dream last nite that we got into && she called the police on my ass. I wonder if that shit is gonna happen fareal??
; I had a dream that I got my bb back $:
That dream I had scared me for a second.....
Had a dream about my ex last night. It made me miss him.. But then reality checked in LOL
Had a werid dream last night buh I kinda liked it.
I had a dream I was on the walking dead last, and I kicked zombie ass.
Also I have never had a dream about Pharrell and I think about how awesome he is on a daily basis so why isn't he ever in my dreams?
I had the same dream from a long time ago again. But it changed a bit. Because I changed it.
I had a crazy ass dream .
Had the weirdest dream: I was at a con dressed as goth loli Harley Quinn& the actual Joker was there but he turned out to be Marilyn Manson.
Had a dream that I was in the Hunger Games....
Fuck I had a dream about oomf. Made me think of the good times we had
Had a crazy ass dream :/
Had a terrible dream :( :(
I had a dream about him.. *bangs head to wall*
Just Wokee Up . Had A Good Dream : )
had a crazy ass dream last night
Had a dream last night that Taylor Swift wrote a book
I had a WEIRD dream about New Years last night.
Omg I had a dream that I was hooking up with Andy Samberg. The bad part is the rest of the snl cast was there too, cracking jokes. XD
what a weird dream I just had :)
I had a witch or demon riding me in my dream it call witch riding an I could not move my body or scream for help but it was a experience
I had an odd dream. I dreamt I was a Puritain, a Pharaoh, and a stand up comedian. so weird.
i had a dream i was biten her neck wen i gave her a hug wtf y is she stil n my head HUUUUUUHHHH
I had a dream I had a man ...I wonder how true that becomes
I had a dream i fucked up an aligator for trynna bite me ! Then shot its ass .
Just had a dream that me and my dad stole a whole shelf of socks from finish line hahaha
Just waking up but I just want to stay in bed forever, I had a dream.. wishing it was true.
I had a dream last night & ish got REAL.
Ew wtf had a weird ass dream...literaly
Damn I had a crasi azz dream
I just had a dream I never wanna have again
I had a weird dream last night I was dating Alicia Silverstone - this means my dreams have gone into repeats.
i had a dream i met Ben Roethlisberger and he thought i was awkward X-D ~high fives self~
Last night, I had a dream that I tried to blow up Spencer Smith's house.
Had the weirdest dream last night. My sister (who was dressed as a ninja) beat up Graham and Jordan. WWWWWHHHHHHYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!???????????
I had a dream about Jameriuss
I had dream that my parents had a baby o_O it lowkey blew me
“@CallMeEbz_: "I had a dream about you." "Aww." "Yeah, you died."”
Last night wasnt any good . To top that shit off I had a dream of percy for some reason ? /:
Pisssssseed! Had a dream that walmart had hot pockets for a dollar and I got hell of em. Woke up nd went to the kitchen to find NOTHING!
Soooo I had a dream about a zombie apocalypse... Lol I got out that jam tho
Sooo my grandmother had a dream I was pregnant last nite......smh not happening anytime soon
I had a dream that these crack ass shoes was coming out but only a few of us was hip idk it was dum lol
I wonder if I was singing in my sleep last night. I had a dream I was and my voice is kinda gone.
Last night I had a dream that I spilled paint on my jacket.
Last night I had a dream. I met Mary in London.. the Gary called me saying "Italia ishfisdlfsdkfds" and I said "Garehhhhhh" (cont)
I had a dream i got a job @ regions bank
Had such a weird dream omg but it was brilliant. Hehehe
I had a dream Me, Justin, Willow, Jaden, &Demi were riding tricycles thru my neighborhood looking for Justin's handcuffs. LMAO.
I had a dream about Oomf lastnight smh I should not be dreaming about this nigga.
But when i had a dream it would be wierd as shit
I had a dream I was drinking stawberry kiwi & lime ciroc ! Lmaoo . That says alot .
I had a dream that I was in Brighton with some friends. Ah, love that place.
Hungry too , had a dream bout  a subway sandwich ! Smh kmsl *
Had a dream about some old friends and new friends. It was pretty interesting. Good morning !
I had a dream I combed my hair and a track fell out lmaooo, yeah its def time to get this hair of mine done!
I had a really nice dream last night and those are rare for me, i always have nightmares. :)
Everybody had a hard year. Everybody had a good time. Everybody had a wet dream. Everybody saw the sunshine.
I had a really steamy sex dream about this girl I know , I happy-ed in my pants twice
Had a dream bout him. . .
I had such a crazy dream last night!
Had a crazy ass dream.. Got me thinking hard as hell..
I had a crazy ass dream. It was like something off Kill Bill and I was Uma Thurman and there was some Asian lady trying to kill me :/
I had a dream about Deidra Sheldon Devaughn and Daniel and I woke up mad af. Like it too me so long to calm down .
I had a scary ass dream! Like the devil or something was grabbing me out of no where :/
I had a dream I was going to Warped Tour! Why do I always wake up from bad ass dreams? >:'(
I had a dream that I went to visit wb and I saw everybody even Destiny :')
I just realized I had a crazy dream last night
So I had a dream that I got fired from my job....
I had a dream I had a fight with that hoee. Ian even wanna wake up.  Lmao
Had the wildest dream last night. The dining hall at my school was a church & Kyla Pratt sucked my dick while got high & ate funnel cake
Had a dream I kicked your ass.....
Had a weird dream again
Just woke up from the scariest dream, a fish tried to eat my foot and it had vicious teeth
I had a dream I chilled with Mac miller and we became good friends and he fell in love with me...
Hate when I knw I had a dream but can't remember shit about it lol
I just remembered I had a really bad dream -_-
Had a crazy ass dream yesterday. Kinda freaked me out..
I had a dream that Target somehow got even better. They only had health food and their clothing was gorgeous. Why wasn't that reallllll?
last night, had a dream about a Napoleon Dynamite / Phoenix Wright crossover. The Kitaki family was in a turf war with Pedro's cousins.
Lol i had a weird dream lol
I had a wild ass dream last night everyone was in it lmaoo
I had a dream all my tattoos just disappeared lol
I had a funny as dream last night I woke up geekin
“@JaquanEatsMy_Sh: I Had A Dream That i Kissed Dawontay .o_O lol”you like him
Had a dream about my granny , I miss her so much man !
I had a dream that I used pikachus as slave labor.  And it was wonderful.
I had a funny dream :)))) double chin!
Had a dream I did a days worth of stuff. Now I have to redo all that stuff
mhmm I had this dream of this really sexy boy and then a meteoroid shower came and I lost him:(
My sister had a dream last night and i died in it, sort of scared
I had a weird ass dream
Oh my god! Totally just remembered a dream I had. Ahahahah.
Had a dream that I was talking to katy perry in the trafford!!
I had a dream we were texting each other, i woke up and now im sad
I had a dream I was harry potter. I tried to save jenny from the chamber of secrets but voldemort made it super easy. So I went shopping..?
I am awake this am from a horrible dream that I had. I don't like when dreams seem like they r really happening.
I had a dream that I was still in High School
I had a dream about getting up this morning & I got up at the exact time that was in my dream lol
I had the oddest dream, somehow I had the same powers as Okumura Rin and used my blue flames to turn my sister Becky into a dragon...
I had a weird ass dream last night
Had a dream I was king, I woke up still king...
Had the worst dream last night. Involved a proposal and I accepted said proposal. :s  Wtf brain.
I am SO happy to know the dream I just had was just a dream.
I just had a dream about a milkshake.
i had a weird ass dream
I had a dream I tweeted something really funny but I can't remember what it was...
I had a wild ass dream
Had a dream I powerbombed God through a series of tables and then turned Heaven into a DISCO DANCING FACTORY. Also, BIRDS! BIRDS EVERYWHERE!
OAN: I had a weird dream I transferred to CAU but it was over seas... lol mmm
I had a wicked crazy dream yesternight.
Had weird dream. I was writing a song for a band. I remember the song right now. In RL, I can read & play some music, but am not good at it.
I had a messed up dream lastnite that ish on my mind hard then again dats prolly y i dreamed abt it bcz i been thinking bout it to much
I had a bad dream about this take home math test..maybe I should just do it
just had a dream about the most RANDOM people!
I know me and her had a lil falling out but that dream made me realize life is waaaaaaay to short to hold grudges
I had a really crazy dream lastnight I woke up almost in tears
i had a weird ass dream moe
I had a dream I was in the show Whitney. The musical episode of Whitney. The musical episode where we sang a song by Beiber.
I Had A Terrible Heartbreaking Dream Last Night...Hope That One Never Comes True
I Had A Dream That i Kissed Dawontay .o_O lol
I had a bad dream. My ass was attacked by an alligator :(
I had a horrible dream >_<
I had weird a dream
had a weird ass dream
I swear the dream I had last night / this morning was a lil crazy .
I had such a weird dream last night.
Goodmorninq had a bhad dream soo im up!
I had a dream I was going on a date with Kobe Bryant O_o lmao
Had the most strangest dream tha consisted of swimming, elephants getting married, and something of the other about a powerful cheese ball..
I had a good as dream to though .
I had a really weird dream, there was a giant ape in it, too... -__-
I Had A Dream I Kissed Kee =) Lls
Just had a random dream...damn I wish that dream turned into reality.
I had a real ass dream last night.. I woke up looking forward to today.
I had a weird dream last night. Lolol
Had a dream I was talking to Cracka Last Night!!!
Again i had a dream about rapping, but i remember that i was actually doing good
I had a dream that I broke the clock at work and I wanted kimaya to bring me sum Mcdonalds fries for break (b/c she had a jet pack)???
I HAD A DREAM LASTNIGHT THAT THE POLICE CAME TO MY HOUSE CHECKING OUR I'D'S N I WAS DRUNK ASS SHIT RUNNING AROUND TRYEN TO HIDE THE LIQUOR
I had a dream that I got a new year's kiss...something that I was hoping for this year...but I won't be gettin. *sigh*
I Had A Dream I Was In Florida, I Wanna Go There Now Even Though I Go Every Year
I had a dream I fell in love with, not one, but TWO gay men
i had a dream i was dating a blake griffin look alike lol
-I had a dream about you. + Awwwwww - Yes, you died.
I had another dream that i got a hair cut ! Neverr lol
Those were the absolute worst dreams I've ever had. Lost both parents within a week of each other. Please Jesus don't let that dream happen.
Last night I had a dream that someone called me a beautiful asian lol
Goodmornin, jus woke up. I had a bad dream las nite as usual. Lately I have been haven badd dreams :(
I had a dream last night...
Had a weird dream about My little ponies going against eachother. Who knew Fluttershy could get so mad at Twilight Sparkle?
Had a GOOD dream :) hope to have more of those
i had a good dream last night c: ♥
I had a dream that I met Dom & I was flipping out & he hid from me..
Had a dream about me and this girl I'm close with had sex and she's my twitter friend O_O
Had a dream that somebody cut my hair Sooo short ! Ugh just woke me up ! Lol worst dream ever !
I had a dream about a girl wtf ?!?!  (nightmare!) lmao
I had a dream I lost one of my brothers, had a nigga in tears...I hope to God that never happens I'd lose my marbles
i had a great yet akward ass dream last night
lastnight i had a dream with ed sheeran in it...he was trying to kill me, it was incredibly weird
Lmfao. I had a dream that drake was signing autographs in habibis.
I had a weird dream !
Had a dream that Alec Baldwin gave me a peck on the nose.
before that i had a dream that rick ross came to a&t lol...these dresms are random af
I had a dream that I was dying my hair again and while I was doing that I ended up in a Doctor Who episode.
I just napped and had a rude dream about someone on twitter. The depths my mind does go hey....
I had a crazy dream last night....
I had a dream this crazy wind blew me away lol
Had a dream I was king, woke up still king..
I had a dream that I got tatted lmao
I had this weird dream that I had a son, hope that's not a sign hahaa
So I had a horrible dream last night, thank God it was just a dream!
I had a dream I got a breast reduction...damn y did I have to wake up
I think I had a dream that I got an iPad
Had a dream i was blind
i had a dream about oomf O_O
I was glad to wake up this morning to find it was only a dream that I had agreed to go to Rubyz in Feb!
Had a dream where I had a hamster that could crawl up inside glass cases at stores an steal things without the clerk knowing. It was tight.
I had a dream that I got in a bad accident, but I survived.
The dream i had last night got me in a bad moood.
I had a dream that all my damn teeth fell out my mouth & I put them in my pocket, ctfu.
Had a dream that my mama passed... I was definitely going through! These dreams about people dying that are close to me have to stop!
had a dream that I was camping with Niall, Liam and Harry last night.
I had a dream...about Sakura.
So , I had a really weird dream last night ... o_O
I had a crazy as dream last night like, i woke up out my bed scared af.
Had a dream that Jennifer Aniston lived with me.. Damn why did I even wake upp
I had a dream that ants took over cars and I was sleepy and went to sleep in the car and they came and got me !  I was screaming my ass off
i had a dream of my mother in law last night ... i must miss her.
Had a dream that I dropped my phone. Wake up in the morning phone on the ground, FUCK!
I had a dream I was kidnapped tho. Shit was pretty live.
Had a dream I was in the hunger games and it won't quit haunting me
Had a crazy ass dream
i had a lucid dream lassnite :) . . It didn't lasst long though
my mom had a horrible dream w/ my great grandpa :/ , is probably cause her uncles dying . but that dream was horrible I hope my uncles ok :/
I had a dream that I met One Direction and all I did is whine about NC. I think I was trying to convince them to let me move in with them.
Woke up with a text from a unknown saying they had a dream about me. Fye lol
Good morning America. Lmao. I had a dream I was at a second camp out for the Concords and I was climbing gates so I wouldn't get trampled.
RFT! "@AustinChasee: Had a dream I went to montwood. Haha"
I had a dream that my step mom texted me like " I'm disappointed in you for what you said on twitter last night " I woke up scared as shit
I had a dream about you lastnight and it felt so real!!!!
Man I had a crazy dream last nite
I had such a scary dream last night :(
Seriously had a dream I met and was hanging out with Lil Wayne. He was short as helllll.
Had a dream my laptop was stolen :( ..not a good feeling :( glad it was just a dream .
just had a dream that dr. campbell almost murdered me for talking about buddhism...................................lol
I Had A Weird Dream Last Night !
-- I had a dream about will fisher last night... ... ...
I Had A Dream And I Woke Up Crying.
i had a dream we were friends again.. :/
I had a dream my gf had an iPhone
I had a dream about notre dames ring mass and barb Christina and Megan sang at it and everyone said barb sounded like Alicia keys
,  i tweeted about Khloe Kardashian because i had a dream that we were in a store w. eachother , then my mom brought her a cake ? lol
okay the dream I just had I wish was a reality, minus him like breaking my heart lol but for real, it was a good one #:)
I Had a weird dream !
I had a dream I was your elena and you were my Stephan. You finally realized it was meant to be but you were a vampire. The universe said no
I had a dream that I ate a bunch of oreos and ice cream and now my stomach really thinks I did.
Had a dream that the world ended in floods from the oceans. :/
had a dream last night that I was failing three classes ._.
I had a dream that I had a baby
I had, probably the best dream ive had in a while... to bad i woke up & it wasn't true. :c still a good dream though ? \('.')/
I HAD A DREAM THAT I MET MADDIE CHLOE AND ABBY LEE MILLER FROM DANCE MOMS. it was sick.
Ugh I had a dream about him last night , now I'm right back where I started .
Is Weirdd I Had A Dream About Taco Bell !
THEN I had a dream that Luke Schenn was over &I was helping him with a science test when he looked & saw all the Schenn stuff in my room
He musta had a bad dream cause he just slapped the shxt outta me...
yo I had a horrible dream that my iPhone restarted itself..woke and had to check it...lol it's fine people.
had a funny/weird dream last night. to keep it short it involved going to a uconn basketball game and taking a picture with justin bieber
Had a dream about oomf, dang I need to move on
But i had a good ass dream last night lol
Had a dream that my dermal got ripped out of my face, worst dream.
i had a silly ass dream last night ! .
I had a dream that i broke my guitar in half. It was sad.
I had a dream about segregation, lol tf. & I was like at the in between school. Lol -____- it was stupid.
Last night I had such a weird dream with the first boy I loved.
Had a bad dream well it wasn't that bad just wasn't as good as the last
So I had a dream a reindeer was biting my hand at my cottage .. Makes no sense.
So I had a dream that I went to jail...
I had a very weird dream last night!!!!
Had a weird ass dream...
Had a weird  Dream last night :\
.@thejeniferbrand I had a dream about that bootlegger cake
had a dream that the world was ending. i got so scared, i woke up, sneezed on my dog,and went back to sleep.
Sooo i had a dream i got a tattoo on my back n my wrist , now they hurt like hell but it feel good
really weird dream, was with a bunch of a-listers and had like lunch.... and then went to the beach and then the zoo. reallyyyyy weird...
i had a bad dream last night.
Had a weird, kinda scary dream..
I had a surprising dream last night...
Had an awful dream last night...not quite a nightmare but pretty damn close!
Last night I had a dream that I got a blackberry (I don't have a phone you see). And when I woke up...yeah reality's a bitch.
Just had a dream that my family was yelling at me saying I'm going to hell - Wait. That wasn't a dream. That was Christmas!
.up still madd early dis morning...hadd one physco ass dream...me n my gurls had a drive bye...damn that shit was crazy !
She said she had a dream about a roach trying to attack her.. wtf lmao
Had the weirdest dream inside a dream...
Had a dream we got a boxer puppy....woke up only to realize we don't have a puppy and now I'm pissed
I had I dream I got into a fight n now my hands red -____-
I had a very emotional dream last night... I love my mother :$
Niall Once had a dream all the food one the earth was gone, he woke up crying.
Lmfao I had a dream me nd my sister went to vegas and won the jackpot
Does it make me a fatty if I had a dream about some biscuits?
I had a dream last nite too ...kinda weird it was about my dog
Justt had a reaally good dream..why'd I have to wake up?! :p
Had a dream about Reginae Carter  and Ray Ray coming to my house last night
I Had a dream Last night, That The world Was Going to End , Crazy Shidd !
I had a dream that I would enjoy a bowl of frosted flakes. But Im all out of milk.
I had a dream that I was on tinychat and skype the whole time....I am addicted ;)
I had a dream that I was drowning and someone saved me ...someone I don't wanna mention :)
is it weird that i had  a dream abut twitter
I had a good ass dream
I had a dream bout mahlia last night :)
Had a dream about falling in and out of sleep and now I can't sleep and I only got a few hours fuck everything
I had a dream mikeyy got out... Then i woke up & was like damn i miss my cuzz.
I had a dream Vince Vaughn was my uncle and we were workin together at the America's Got Talent auditions.
I had a dream about my first kiss...if dreams came true...
I had a real bad dream... and I think it may have been a warning
I had a sex dream about my ex, how fucking weird
Had a strange dream that I cussed out one of the workers from Panera Bread for messing up my order.
I had a dream that most of my followers were in a work meeting with me, someone was doing a random presentation & You & I came on. Lol
The dream I just had, has me thinking of a lot of things! And what happened was like a future sight.. so finna cut some people out my li ...
I had a dream i could buy my way to heaven....when i woke i spent dat on a necklace!
So I had a dream that I was peeing non-stop.....that shit crazy
I had a dream princeton was my brother dude  .Punk Rock Life=))
Omg had a dream i met Tom Felton, it should come trueeee !
Bt Why I Had a Dream That Me & Mark Was Cool Again & I Was All Sittin On His Lap , Lmaoo That Makes Me Wanna Text Him :/
Ever had a dream that felt so real but you knew it was a dream......?
Btw...I had a dream I was apart of The Real L Word cast. Such a dangerous dream I tell ya.
I haven't eaten Mcdonald's all break so I had a dream I was eating that lmmaaooo
I had a dream about oomfs
"I had a dream about him last night... no that was real like."
Just had a dream that I got a haircut. I think it might be time to get one.
Man I'm mad I had a dream about sex and porn
I just had a dream I met Coldplay...
Had a dream about him last night .
I had a dream that my boyfriend and I were on a cruise. Then I woke up .
Had a really cute dream c:
I had a crazy dream about the senior class!
Every had a dream so wonderful you were crushed to learn it wasn't real? Sometimes TV shows and movies film at my company's facilities.
Yoo , I really had a dream about a chocolate cake . Ctfu nd mira start talking bout a chocolate cake nd reminded me ctfu
Apparently I'm just as much of a bitch asleep as when I was awake. Every dream I had last night was about revenge.
i had a dream that i was on stage for a simple plan concert. wouldn't mind if this actually happened
Had a f*cked up dream....
I actually had a dream dat I was with Rozay. Ricky rozay *sigh*
I just had a dream so bad it woke me up <<<<<<<<<<
Awe, I had a really good dream last night :))
I had a dream you Dm'd me... Like I said it was a dream.
Had a dream that I was doing a photoshoot and didn't realize until after that I'd been wearing a cowboy hat so they made me do a country cd
I had a dream about Lady Gaga last night. Screw you, 'Just Dance' for being my jam.
After the dream I had I never wanna even go to a club anymore
I Had A Dream That The Saints Won The Super Bowl!
I had a dream I cracked my phone smh need to get a screen protector and case asap
I had such a horrible dream last night!
Just had a dream I was driving people around in a city bus...non the less it got stuck in mud
Had a dream about the rapture after seeing that American Dad episode last night.
I had the craziest dream every then I woke up to a spam tweet saying my dreams foretells my future o_O
I had a dream that me and whatshisface got married. It was such a sweet dream.
Had a bad dream last night .
I had a dream that the tweaky ass girl in my math tried to zip up my pants for me and I told her i'd beat her scrawny ass if she touched me.
I'm trippin really just had a dream about a mcdouble...I'm hungry
Had a dream& you were in it ...
Had a dream Ving Rhames (Melvin frm Baby Boy) was my dad o_O
Had a dream last night that Conor was my best client. It was very strange because Conor is a dog.
While still babysitting I had a dream about babysitting. Crazy things.
waking up in a bad mood bc of a bad dream you had the night before <
I had a dream that you did that shit. But the thing is i know you would never do that shit.
Totally had a dream about boogers.
drake was in a dream i had last night haha
Had a dream Tyler the Creator wrote a rap about me LOL
I had a dream about last night,and am now finding it difficult to differentiate btwn what actually happened and what I imagined.
Soooooo...I definitely had a gay dream about Paul and George
I had a dream that I cracked the screen on my iPhone
Worst dream I've had in a long time. Oh my lawd
I had a scary ass dream last night
My dream - I open a box of debbie cakes and rats had got in em and was nibbling on my cake- WOW rats nibbling on my cake. SMDH
I had a dream Rob Kardashian was touching my ass...then i woke up , damn bladder!
I had a dream about her now I wanna see her even more
Just remebered i had a really weird dream last night... I died in a car crash
I had a dream my dad got his nose pierced. umm?
had a dream that i took mr. yeager's french class again D: loljk that's more like a fucking nightmare.
Had a terrible dream about speakers being moved, cords disappearing, and no one listening to me about feedback. it was like real life..
Up n had the craziest dream... ugh got a headache lol... o_O
I had a crazy dream last night lol
I had the weirdest dream about going back to school last night..I completely skipped a class, and I had no clue what I did in place of it..?
I had a dream that everyone in the school ditched and Katherine and I were singing Goodmorning Baltimore. And Katie and Andrew and Brett and
Just had a dream I couldn't fall asleep.
Had a SUPER scary/wonderful/realistic dream of being in The Hunger Games and dying. Also there were Borderlands psychos trying to kill me.
Had a dream I was at a tattoo shop. when I was in the chair 'bout to get my tat I freaked out & ran outta the place lol guess that's a sign
I done had this dream about my child twice....well it was more like a nightmare; I pray to God it don't come true..
had a dream last night Madonna slept in karas bed and had breakfast with my family, so weird.
That dream was straight.....some nigga had on ankle braces. We weren't playing a game lol
"@_JenAnddJuice: i had a dream i was in jail for telling someone bout my fairies -__- and timmy turner came & visited me" lol what the hell?
Had a dream I was king. I woke up, Still king!
Last night I had a dream that I fucked two sexy girls at the same time...it was magical
had a dream that became reality :-)
I had the CRAZIEST dream last night. Lol, I don't know if its funny, or a rude awakening. Wow.
I had a dream I was getting married to an ex. Crazy thing is, i was happy and blissful. SMH these crazy dreams I been having.
I had a dream of you last night, dose that mean you had a dream about me too ...
Had a dream bout abrey plaza last nyte. She's so mean even in dreams
If u tell someone u don't know that u had a dream about them it makes u come of as a creep
I had the weirdest dream last night but I think it was a good sign
"@Sady_AddiTeacha: I had a dream that I was stealing cars !! Lmfaó" I think its a rican thing cause I had a dream like that too lmao
Swagg “@iSpeak_Chinese: I Had A Dream That I Was Selling Chicken Sandwiches In Korea .”
Had a dream one of my followers walked in on me while I was changing so I guess this hopelessness has reached critical levels now.
Had A Dream I Was Drinking Minute Maid Orange Juice & Thats It
Had a dream I threw a party for my birthday. Uhh Ohh...#godistellingmesomething
I just had a really scary dream
I had a dream I don't remember
I had a dream that in finally snowed last night, I actually thought it was real, why the hell aint it snowed wth?
I Had a dream that I had a baby :(
I had a dream I started an argument on Twitter, smh # ratchet
I had a dream last night,
That was a serious dream I had
Martin had a dream and Bob got high. I still do both and I still slipped by
I had a dream I cracked my iphone screen I cried lol
Had a scary dream full of mascots! My Grandma said I was breathing hard and moving around haha
I had a crazy dream last night...like really creepy.
I had a dream a girl I don't really know poured iced tea on my head. I wasn't mad. Wtf?
"@Xombieaddict: I had a dream about my ex.. It sucked :(" wtf i did to.. :/
my friend had a dream that we were in doctor who and I WAS THE DOCTOR she is really The Best Friend Ever
Had a dream bout yhu , now I'm thinkin bout yhu , but i guess none of that matters =\
Just had a dream about cousin dee dee I miss ha . God bless ha soul ,
I just had a dream about you... Told you I was on my way, but it was just a dream.. & then you just texted me. Ugghh going back to sleep
Had a dream me and emily went jogging, she she like fell down and stoppwd breathing... Woke up crying.
I just had the craziest dream, but the concept of the dream inspired me to write a movie...*TF goin on in my subconscious
damn. I had a dream I moved back to gardere and I got shot. my old hood ain't tht bad
Just had a dream kim kardashian was my sister...or should I say nightmare
I had a dream that Justin Moore and I were fighting over who knew Bait a Hook better......... I won, so he pushed me on a merry-go-round....
Had a dream last night that my dad didn't except the guy I wanted to date.
Had a really good dream!!
Had a crazy dream to the point where I can't go to sleep and it felt too real woke up breathin all hard
I had a weird dream
I had a a bad dream lastnite and called you in the morning. Sorrie I forgot we were broken up :/
I had a dream that I was stealing cars !! Lmfaó
“@boyphrase: Having a dream so realistic you had to think if it really happened or not.”
So last night I had a dream that all if my teeth crumbled out of my mouth because I bit down too hard
I had a very strange dream. You were in it, Twitter.
Had a dream about one of my followers .
Had a dream that there was a tornado tearin up my town...except it totally went around the church I was in. I love crazy dreams!
i just had an awful dream that they merged facebook & twitter... haha more like a nightmare.
The dream that I had made it VERY clear that I should cut all ties with my ex...When I pray on something I get an answer through a dream...
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! i had a dream that i was about to buy macarons with my brother but that dream ended a while ago :((((( 
Had a dream four months into having my tattoo I realized it was fucked up
I Had A Dream That I Was Selling Chicken Sandwiches In Korea .
man i had a fucked up dream .
had a dream about oomf last night ! (;
Had a horrible dream that was our of the ordinary. My ex tried to kill me. I woke up fighting.
Had a dream about prom and remembered how stressful its going to be, don't think I'm going
Omg I also had a dream I was in the Hunger Games! I'm so proud of myself, all my arrows hit the target! Katniss helped me too!
Last night I had a dream where I lived in California and was going out with Angelina Jolie. It was AWESOME!
Had a dream about oomf .
I had a crazy ass dream , good but crazy
Had a good night sleep but a horrible dream...I woke up all sad ....but still looking forward to a great day!! Happy Saturday Loves!
I also had a dream about my Physics class...
I had a dream & Deja was in it
Had a nice dream last nite lol
I had a dream I could buy my way into heaven. When I awoke, I spent it on a necklace.
Had A Nightmare , It Was The Worst Dream Ever .
This is the first time i actually had a dream in months
i had a dream i got shot.
I had the same dream I had a couple days ago...only a few things were different.
Had a dream that a thick suffocating fog slowly covered the earth. It came into my house and my mom brother and I layed there in wait to die
Yall I had a dream lastnight I met DRAKE and got his autograph and we made out isn't that cool?lol
I had a dream that I had the most beautiful baby girl. She was a tiny little thing, but perfect, healthy, beautiful, & mine.
Tanner:Had a wonderful dream about you... You were bringing me snacks!
I just had such a scary dream that I'm taking the time to tweet . It felt so real. My body is shaking from every beat my heart is making
I had a dream my sister was pregnant '
I had a dream about you, but telling you would be pointless.
Had A Dream I Plugged My Phone In Somebody Computer & Deleted Everything Off Of It .. Lol
Had a really really nice dream before waking up. ^^ hopefully that means today will be a good day.
Wow I woke up in a horrible mood because of a dream I just had.
he is so fricken hot, i had a dream about him last night,  he has great abs, he stars in movies... thought of Taylor Lautner huh?
"I had a Bad Nightmare...in a Deep,Deep, Sleep..So I woke up & started Living my Dream's.. & It's just begun .. ♥"
I had a dream that me and Drake go to the same allergy place ?!?! Wtf
Bra good!@Beautiful_Dolly: I Had a Weird Dream About Dtae,, Is He Okay?"
i had a dream about Mike Hranica.
And I had a dream about another follower. I think that's the devil.
Man i had a crazy dream bout me n somf kmsl
Had a dream about you
Had A Dream About Kari And Tia Lastnight.. Hott But Weird.. Man I Miss Them.
Had a dream I was dating Drake and I broke up with him so he gave me a pair of combat boots and sent me home .. What's wrong with me
I had a dream my front teeth fell out Omgosh I was crying so bad
I wish I never had to wake uppp. I was having a great dream
I had a dream I met jb ugh why! ):
I had a dream about Obama. I was holding the Wii Remote for him. So weird.
Had a Big Bang Theory dream, pretty cool :) I got chased by Sheldon lol
Had a dream nd oomf was in it!
I'm so mad at my bae for what she did yesterday I had a dream I was yelling at her about it....
I had a dream the other night that one of my ex's (which is a stud) not goin to say any names, went straight and got dicked down everynight.
I had a dream you were right next to me all night.. & then I woke up, and I was all alone =(
►Had a dream I was king, I woke up, still king. This rap game's nipple is mine for the milking
I checked my phone & three people told me they had a dream about me...I died in all three....sweet -_-
I had a dream about my car lastnight lmfao wtf was going through my head...
Finally had a dream for psychology
had a dream last night that some killer came to my house and killed my whole family and I was the only one who got out. woke up in tears..
Had a dream about tattooing sharks. As if they badass enough already.
Had a crazy crazy dream...wonder if its true???
I think I had a dream my mom was talking about American Horror Story but instead of Tate she said Twat.
Just had a dream that i was a hitman. Well i know what im doing with my life now.
Ijuat had a dream about alot  of shit
Had a great dream too..
I had a dream I raised an bunny . He would sit in my hoodie pocket ! Lmao He's was the cutest thing ever !
I had a dream i shaved my head *shudder*
I had a dream that I fell in front of some hoes and did a push-up to get up... lmao i pray im not lame like that for real
I had a dream that me & this dude I was fucking with, killed this other dude. We was some real thugs too cus we even went to his funeral!
I had a scary dream about Tootie Bill funeral lastnightt so I didn't go...
Damn, I had a weird dream last night O_o
I had a crazy dream last night...type good and type bad!<<>>>
Had a fucked up dream, wouldn't be surprised if it happened today
Whoa!! I had a dream lass nite that I was in the studio recordin a few tracks & one of the beats was AMAZIN. If only I could remember it tho
“@_AceAdams: Had a dream dat i was wearin n aeropostale shirt wdf?” hahaha LMFAO !
Had a terrible dream :(
Probably the best dream I've had in a long time.
Had a weird dream
I had a dream I was fighting and my Bestfriend ran on me
I had a dream I got my car last night..
I had a dream last night I was drinking red wine and champagne at a wedding. Red wine and champagne are disgusting.
I had a dream about pancakes son best dream ever
I had a dream that some people from MMS & BBMS & GRETNA was at my school up here.
Lmao Shorty rolled over like "Woo I had a nasty dream... I jus remember I was sickin some bodies duck"
Had a dream dat i was wearin n aeropostale shirt wdf?
I hate nightmares! But than I had a great dream.. Weird
I had a dream that I owned a mini bear >_<
I Had a Weird Dream About Dtae,, Is He Okay?
Had a good dream it woke mhe up out my sleep. Back to bed run along V_______V
I had a dream that my mom was having triplets...these crazy dreams need to go because that was more of a nightmare.
Wow just woke up shaking and freakin out because I had a horrible dream.
Had a crazy dream last night
I had a dream about you and it seemed so real. When i woke up i had to catch myself from crying.
Had a fucked up dream. Wouldn't be surprised if it happened
I had the weirdest dream last night, I was too happy when I woke up and realised it was all a dream:)
“@PinkyPinkNails I had a dream i went in BareFeet and dey had some cute ass clothes........... too bad it aint true” lmfao
Had a Reeaaly nice Dream. Too bahd iWoke Up.
Last night I had a dream I met BMTH again. It was cute c:
I had a dream that Daniel Tosh was my best friend.
I had a dream I was about to get in a big fight. There were instructions to the fight too... it was gonna be like a complex dance
Had a strange dream about rajiv >_<
I must really want those Concords... Had a dream I went n coppep em..
I just had the weirdest dream ever. Austin Mahone was in it & Im not that h huge of a Mahomie
"@Yeaa_Whateva: And I had a razor cellphone . Idk why I had that retarded dream ." Aha smh
I had a dream about graduation last night. It was kinda weird.
Had a really bad dream.
I had a dream that John B Davis gave me a detention #
Had a really weird dream.. It was happy and sad at the same time.
I had a dream I was in a beauty pageant
I had a dream that my school went to McDonalds for Puss in Boots' wedding, but I stayed and helped tidy a church instead...
Had a freaky dream n they had to wake me uhp lol
Had a terrrrible dream
‎"I had a dream about you." "Aww." "Yeah, you died."
Time to get up, get dressed, charge my phone, and head out to Apple! Had a dream I met Steve Jobs last night. If only he weren't dead
iJust had a dream that I wish was reality...One day my thoughts will stop taking the best of me...And everything iThink will be destiny
Omg omg omg I had a dream last night about what's gonna happen tonight... And well... Uhm... I'm kinda scared now...
Had a deadly dream (:
I had a horrible dream that my iPhone restarted itself..woke and had to check it...lol it's fine people.
I had a scary dream about Tootie Bill funeral lastnightt so I didn't go
Had a bad dream last night, woke up this morning & my day began falling apart. *sigh*
Had a dream that I died in a weigtlifting accident -___-
I had a dream i went in BareFeet and dey had some cute ass clothes........... too bad it aint true
I had a dream last night that I was at a Michael's store & I saw Carrie Underwood & she had a baby cow in her buggy....
So i had a dream last night that we were friends again:/
Think I had a gay dream last night...idk
So I totally had a dream about dildos.
wow what a dream I had ..
Dang! I just had a dream that I was in a airplane crash .
And I had a razor cellphone . Idk why I had that retarded dream .
I had a dream that saying "Sarah Jessica Parker!" with a belegit as my wand made people's faces disfigure.   LOL NOW I REMEMBER WHY IM
So I had a dream that proved to me that all my friends are assholes lmao
i had a dream bout MychaelTony O_o
lol! i had the most amazing dream. i woke up with a smile on my face!! happy new years eve everybody aaah!
i just had a dream i was in the legion o_O ...
Had a dream I found a baby kittie and named him Henry. I miss Henry.
I had a dream that my lil cuzns had me trying to kill a huge translucent roach mouse hybrid. Ewwwwww whoevers house it was, I wont be going
Definitely just had a dream of working at yamato on new years eve.
Had such a frustrating dream last night. I saw a dog ridding a bicycle, and for the life of me I couldn't get my iphone camera to work.
Myiesha said she had a dream..
I had a dream I cracked my iPhone. Do y'all know how distraught I was in that dream lol
Had a dream last night that i got jumped at a queens walmart by a bunch of illegal immigrants.
Had a weird dream...
Had a dream I fucked a Spanish chick,  and my sister was dating a crazy ass midget !
I Was Thinking About A Old Dream I Had When I Went To Sleep I Started Dreaming Of That Hoe Again
Had a dream I drove all the way to amsterdam and got really high :D good dream! Hahaha
I had a dream last night that I was apart of Michael Jackson's dance team for "Immortal" Cirque Du Soleil! What's a dream.
I had a dream that I was at a bookstore & I saw jean concords & I was stealing razors,shaving cream,perfume from the bathroom .
I just had a hype ass dream lol
Had a dream that I had a baby smh, that must mean one of my friends is gonna get preggos cause its damn sure not gonna be me.
I had a really weird dream .. idk how to describe it lol .
I had a dream that saying "Sarah Jessica Parker!" with a belegit as my wand made people's faces disfigure.   LOL NOW I REMEMBER WHY IM:)
I had a scary dream.
Just had such a perfect dream.. Wish it came true 
I had a funny dream but while I was waking up I still was laughing so hard O_o
I had a dream some old bitch tried to rape me THAT'S WHY I HATE OLD BITCHES !
My dream last night was SO WEIRD I dreamt I was a pirate, then I had a baby, then I went shopping to look for something that was lost.. :S
Last night I had a dream that I shot me a nikkuh
I wonder if any of my followers have ever had a dream about me O__o
I had a dream I was riding a piece of pie on tractor wheels out of a movie scene. That's just weird.
I had such a weird dream last night..
I had a dream that I went to work and I had a different set of children...
Had a dream that I was at the Kardashian/Jenner home and their cat wouldn't leave me alone... weird!
Just had a half hour day dream I was on the Late Late Show.
That awkward moment when you wake up and realize you had a dream about someone you know..
Had a dream my mama wanted a baby nd was looking for who is gonna give it to her i said i know who would make a great father SHANTE Lmao
Had a wreird dream that my entire family spent the holidays in china and the mob was after us. I have the weirdest damn dreams.
I had a dream about this guy I kno so in the dream he was a hoe does that mean he a hoe in real life?
I had a dream that one of my friends had a baby
Don't have a slight clue what this might mean but had a dream that my iPhone was completely shattered like the MJ&JJ video SCREAM
I had a dream that I shot a turkey. And then we ate it.
Had a dream I went  to Australia
I had a dream that I was high af last night. That shit cray...*kanye west voice*
I had a dream last night that I was apart of Michael Jackson's dance team for "Immortal" cirque du soleil! What a dream!!
Then she tells me that she had a dream the night before, where me and her were in that exact club dancing...
I had a really bad dream I woke before it could ended
