Only have an hour left to finish my Mini Ferrero Rocher Christmas Tree!!! >_<
I have just realised I don't have to go to TOK anymore!!! Yes, early finish on Monday.
Ugh these capsules taste like ass and I have to finish all 60... Fml
"Tonight, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning" <3 cutest. shit. ever.
Doing a 2:15 hour English test and forcing yourself to finish and then getting to the end finding you still have a 24 mark question left.
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning
Doing a 2:15 hour English test and forcing yourself to finish and then getting to the end finding you still have a 24 mark question left :O
We have plans to put straws in our individual bottles to see who finish faster! SmDH.... Ima be GONE tonight!! Lol
All I want in the new year is to finish school, pass my state board, move the fuck outta the midwest & hopefully to FL, & have fun ;)
- Tonight I want him to kiss me. kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:O1. So I have a perfect ending, & a perfect beginning, ♥
I hate the fact i have to finish these tests.
have to go, i will be finish with have i shout look (: <3
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect .BEGINNING for 2012. :)
Might have something to eat now and then get straight on it! Got half a crate of Carlsberg to finish off before I go out tonight :)
Really have to finish food, and get to partying :p
"On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning"
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
Wahh! I feel sicky, but I have to get up and finish some stuff.;_;
"I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)"-RT
Ye3, I feel nauseated by the fact that I still have 6 pages to finish. I'm not even excited to finish anymore... :c
Now that I programmed Mr. Law's NookColor, I have to finish my tutorial on using Photoshop :)
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning <3
Right quick shift at work then going to a party as soon as I finish have a good evening everyone!
Still have to finish some work, so much work Don't want to leave it for 2012 But I'm pretty addicted to the internet today Not interesting
Ughh i have to finish my math thing
if anyone can time Beyonce's Countdown to finish exactly at midnight, they will have my heart.
Tinggal seminggu lagi. Gonna have to finish my download before the time comes.
“I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)”
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)
I want you to kiss me at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending & a perfect beginning.
today i have to finish packing the rest of my shit.. fuck this is so much work. D:rb4
I have no resolutions..But I do plan to finish all my goals i started n 2011..My radio station,music still on n poppin...
I keep trying to finish my drawing but all I keep thinking about is what people have said about the MCRmy and askdhsks.
I need to finish this year asap. Last couple of days have been horrible.
Because it's New Year, I tried to finish some of my requirements to have a good start for 2012.☺ Thank God I'm successful at it!☺
Good Morning all! Finish strong today. We have major work to do!
=DRT viatumblr: NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning .
I have to finish doing the notes by this year!
Happy New Years! I want u to kiss me at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending & a perfect beginning.
Need to get out the bed have to go finish what I started yesterday at 10...
SHUCKSSSSSSS I HAVE YET TO FINISH MY NEW YEAR'S BLOG POST DDDDDD':
Do I finish my py 2 aqua lib or eat waffles until I feel sick ?.. the second one have great chances to be choosen.
Ugh.... I have lesson plans to finish...
About to get up and finish shopping for what I'm wearing tonight. Have 2 dresses on hold... Gotta decide!!
Up early..gotta finish packin...have yet to have gone to sleep :/
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012 :)
RT I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)
Need to finish homework and take my hair out .. And I have practice at 12 .. ughhh
On New Years Eve, I want u to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning!
taking a break from this paper…shall return to highlight it and then finish it up around 12. have my money ready if you reading this!!!
Not only did I just start now I have to finish this twitter stuff.
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.#sigh
Okay before I leave to get ready for tonight I have to finish my college stuff. School >
Almost 2012, and here I am doing my ACSI artwork. I have to finish this by January 2 or else.
My brother took the laptop and I didn't get to finish American Story and I'm out today so I have to wait till tomorrow night fs.
overloaded. will die in a few seconds. argghh.. i have to finish this. NOW!
I want .you to kiss me at 11:59 & .not finish that kiss until .12:01. I'd have a perfect .ending and a perfect .beginning. . . . . . .
I want .you to kiss me at 11:59 & .not finish that kiss until .12:01. I'd have a perfect .ending and a perfect .beginning. . . . . . . .
I have to finish it today. LAZIM ASHED 7ELI.
I want to KISS you at 11:59pm & finish that KISS at 12:01am so I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. ;)
Depressed knowing I have to go to work at 3, finish at 2am and be back in at 10am on Christmas day, 4Hojc
RT "@viatumblr: NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning
NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
NYE and I've still got work and then have to finish packing for my move on monday, going to be a long day. . .
Feels so good to finish a book you have been reading for about a year
This glorious festive period I have eaten every type of food available. Need something special to finish the year... Do Waitrose do Ewok?
I dont have to go to the countdown cos after the fireworks finish at cwp, there will be another free scene of fireworks at malaysia
Finish this tea and then I have an hour and a half to get everything done and er smash it or something
such a nice way to finish what would have otherwise been a rather dull year.
I have to finish my desk chair so that I can go hide in my office and actually work at my desk.
I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01.  .I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
Waiting for hubby to finish with tv to have me some Dog and posse time as have recorded loads
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning RT
I've decided I'll just write the introduction and the start of a paragraph. I have all day tomorrow when I wake up to finish it.
"@viatumblr: NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning."
I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning. ☺
Kiss TaeSung :* "@viatumblr: NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect
Omg so sweet"@viatumblr: NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beg
What if I don't finish "The Hunger Games" on time? I don't have an e-book reader to bring w/ me to Manila. Someone sponsor me! :(
i got my last malay hw, have to upload songs, and finish writing love letters :>
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 & a perfect BEGINNING 4 2012. :) (c)kimpoy
"Nice to meet you, my name is Dongho Shin and I have seventeen years old... FINISH !!" HAHAHAHAHA !!
Have all a great day! This should be a gleeful day to finish the year in style. :D
"On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning <3"
Oooh my kindle has arrived but it's still in the box and will have to remain there until I finish this set of accounts
New years resolutions?  So I have to finish this big box of ferrero rocher today then?  Damn!
Listening to 'Will Smith - Just the two of us' makes me wanna hurry up and finish uni and have a kid
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning ♥
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012 <3
I have no idea how mom knows I love Oreo Cheesecake from Secret Recipe.'m goin to finish it ALL by tonight,kah kah kah!
I wan't to start drinking but i have to wait for my brother to arrive or else i'll finish them
Can't wait for work to finish, break until 3 then another 2hours to go. Atleast the first 4hours have almost flown by
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.♥
On New Years Eve, I want you to hug me at 11:59 & not finish that hug until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning!!!
RT:I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)
The only problem a out dancing at your school is after you finish a wonderful day of dance you have to go to academics -___-
Morning ,waiting on my tech to finish installing my direct tv had to get up early have a safe New Years Eve
Honey, on new years eve i want you to kiss me at 11:59 Don't finish that kiss until 00:01..i'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning
Movers come tomorrow meaning I HAVE to finish packing everything  
RT : I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012
Just realised I have a video to finish off.. Hmm
Just gotta have to finish my blog before the start of 2012. YEE (: brb
When I have a drink be it juice or alcohol I can't just sit and enjoy it I feel the need to just finish it as fast as I can. Idek
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. So I'll have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. ♥ ;)
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :) ♥
RT - I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01 I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012 :) -repost
Well work is gonna have to hurry up and finish..please
I have some creative followers! I love it! Next year im not wasting my creativity! Need to finish my baby scrapbook..
Done with twitter.. Facebook now hehheh I have 2 hours to finish
i have to clean my room , finish my hair, wash my clothes, go to the beauty supply, and do my nails. BEFORE 7
I want to kiss you at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 & perfect BEGGINING for 2012. :">
I have so much work do nd I have to finish it all before Thursday *sigh* god help Am goin into the new year having to my work
"Babe, I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012."
Diaper laundry day! I also need to finish setting out a step by step plan for my resolution. Have a safe and happy new years celebration!
I have yet to finish my hwk...OTL
I have to finish my homework and start on my science project today. I should be enjoying it by watching movies, but no.
Not got my dress for tonight and I'm pissed the fuck off. Now I've gotta go work knowing when I finish I'm gonna have to find somet to wear
“@Rob_Day26: any early birds up?” have to be. The way you finish your year is often times the way you'll start it!
Jus finish workin out now bout to do my haor evwn tho I aint doin nuthn for the weekend, I can have fun from home yaaayyy!!!!!!
i have to finish dis..
I really want to start work on my second album, I have loads of ideas. But I'd better finish the first one before that.
WILL YOU PUSH TO THE FINISH LINE WITH ALL YOU HAVE? TODAY IS THE LAST DAY OF 2011!! WHAT WILL THE MARK YOU LEFT LOOK LIKE? FINISH STRONG!!!!
RT Happy New Years Eve! I want you to kiss me at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01 I'd have a perfect ending & a perfect beginning
My New Year's resolution? Hmm...cut my junk food intake by 50%.  Whew! Still have to finish this bag of V-Cut potato chips, 2011 pa dn naman
Needing to finish this script by Monday if the Lord is willing. Have people waiting for it.
Dreams never seems to end though. I guess it's because you have to finish them in real life :)
this day was sooo tiring... i had to prepare food for our Medya Noche... cooked Paella Marinera and chicken teriyaki then i have to finish
But I definitely have to finish cleaning up today
These essays are going to kill me. They really are. I have 10 days to finish 3 essays and then revise for an exam. Bugger.
I have to go and finish a research report. Now beginning to see the stupidity of doing this degree 'just for fun'.
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012 :)) ♥
Ahhhh...i can't wait to my mom finish my nails!She drinks coffie,and i dont have time mom!Hurry up!! >.<
Happy New Year! I want to be kissed at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
I want to kiss you at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning.
Extending my Pescatarian deadline too March the 8th because I have too many fish based products to finish before tonight [[Y]]
So. Need to finish reducing Christmas stuff, put it out, go home, have dinner, have a shower, get ready, then have a 3 person party! :')!
wew, i still have a chance to finish this objective
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :) <3
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012.
"I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. ♥"
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. =)
I hope to have good sex after I finish celebrating the new year
About to finish washing clothes and taking my tree down. Ready for the New Year. Hope everyone have a fun & safe NYE
I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :) LOL
"I want to KISS you at 11:59 & not finish that KISS until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ENDING to 2011 and a perfect BEGINNING for 2012. :)"
i have just enough time on this flight to finish my episode of CSI.
So blessed to have such good food and good company to finish 2011.
Everybody counting down ah? Too bad I dun wan remind myself I have 2more days to finish homework. And I hvnt started.
Really dnt wanna go to work bt i have to finish the yr. strong!
i have to finish the documentary..
Its the last day of 2011 and I have yet to finish my new years resolution.
Eat slowly until satisfied. You don't have to finish everything on your plate.
Ugh have to finish this project and get ready to help with another ughhh
Sad to admit this slow reader likely will NOT finish the two books I have on the go before 2011 ends. But in good news, more books in 2012.
Happy New Years Eve! I want you to kiss me at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending & a perfect beginning
Well, that's the long-awaited day! December 31st day, when you can finish all that did not have time to do it! Happy New Year, Australia!
"On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning."
You need help “@unruly_at_heart: I have to finish this chicken I brought from home. I can't carry it into 2012. Mba.”
I have to finish this chicken I brought from home. I can't carry it into 2012. Mba.
Have to finish these stuffs before the year ends..Last minute no Good oo
Have to stop my torrent just to stream MBC Gayo. Hai~ When will i finish downloading KBS's one. T___T
Getting ready for my last track meet of 2011, Indoor Championships. I have to finish this year strong and go into 2012 with some momentum.
bethcowling how come? I just really can't be bothered, I have to come into town early to finish my C7B2
Hungry, been revising since morning, like 34 pages untill I finish this chapter, then I have to start the next one ☹
Happy New Year's, People. Hope you have a good one and finish your resolutions. Mine are to not chop off too many heads and to be better.
Happy New Years Eve! I want you to kiss me at 11:59 and not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending & a perfect beginning.
On New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning <3"
I want today to finish alrdy we have a division championship to play for..sry eagles ya wudnt kno wat that feels like
but since he talkd to me for 10 mins, i have no break left -_- didnt even gettah finish catchn up on tweets -_-
Today I have to: Finish geo coursework, pack for england, wrap fams presents and start learning lines! I'm soo obviously not going to do it!
I guess I have to get up finish getting this house in order still throwing shit away out with the old in with the new
Actually going to attempt to finish my essay before I go out. Internet will have to be turned off for this bad boy.
Don't celebrate 8ft from the finish line... U have to cross it first! logicUS20t2
Good morning twitter, off to blood lab for normal test, then breakfast and then ?  Have a great finish to 2011!
I have downloads running that aren't projected to finish until 2012! Weird feeling.
New Years Eve, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning <3
Rt if you want justin to kiss you at 11:59 tonight  .until 12:01. that way you have a great finish to 2011 and a amazing start to 2012 ♥
so I have 16 physics problem to do in 2 hours.. Will I finish on time? Wish me luck :)
So, I just wrote a Kluinn outline while I still have a Quaine!Sibling and a Kurt/OC!Sibling story to finish. My life rn
Seems like I have more to do than I can finish!
"NYE, I want you to kiss me at 11:59 & not finish that kiss until 12:01. I'd have a perfect ending and a perfect beginning." - Gay.
I must finish my course work this year :(
Yawns.. Wanna sleep soon.. Must finish project n proposal first then can sleep..:( Luckily tmr afternn shift....:-)
Must finish Valentine's story. Then I can have fun with the cover art sheet for the sheikh story.
Its a MUST I finish this today
MUST MUST MUST WATCH FINISH THIS. IM SKIPPING FIREWORKS THIS YEAR. WHATEVER.
So after much dieting, gym going & xmas binge eating, I finish the year exactly 4 pounds lighter than I started it. Must try harder in 2012
Finish up all your bad habits and terrible ways because by 12am you must change.... Its gonna be a New Year
Must...clean...life... - or finish my coffee while watching Storage Wars. DAMN YOU STORAGE WARS! My secret shame.
oh may God!! i must finish downloading this
Must finish the whole DVD before school reopens!!! ><
Omg gg hahaha must finish usingy debit card balance before it expires in 2 hours!!!
MUST finish my english homework before 11
today must finish up my homework. yeah! :)
Go home must rewatch. They can't do this man. Skip skip skip. I haven't Spazz finish go another group.
must finish this project first
I'll stop spazzing. Seriously. I must finish Theology before 11:30!! >_<
Must. Finish. This. Law. Essay.......
Been working on my year-ender blog entry for three hours already. Must finish this!
Finish it and must do laundry by tonight! can't skip until next year!
Spending time practicing Russian before working on a short story. Clothes washing, dishwasher going, must finish cabinets, visit dad...
Bas 5la9 idc x( I must finish watching!
Must finish The Battle of the Labyrinth before 2011 ends!!
Must finish hamlet tomorrow
i hate piano atm ! Must persist to finish this song because its EPIC !
Boxing must be the only sport were u finish the 'game/match' and u genuinely dont know whether u have won or lost...#2012
Oh damn. I must finish this before the clock strikes 12.
Must finish this bio assignment.
MUST CONTINUE!! AIM TO FINISH BY TONIGHT!!
Must finish this essay.
This woman must think I'm some house girl. I make her breakfast in bed wait for her to finish&take her plate to wash. With no thank u -___-
Need to finish all 4 articles tonight. Para makasama sa province. :'( MUST!!!
No internet... Now I have no excuse. MUST FINISH COURSEWORK.
By hook or by crook, MUST DO FINISH ONE OF THE RESEARCH SHIT +_+. ok jy.
must we finish ds year in style..cumin united
My dad isn't updating his iPhone because he must finish his words with friends game!
Mini workout @ home. I MUST finish January's newsletter TODAY! Training my last group workout of 2011 @ 6:00a in Poway...wanna come? Cheers!
I should finish my tys first before saying goodbye to 2011!! I must finish this part in this year. MUST.
I must finish reading "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" before the film is released in Germany.
must finish all todae
Must... finish... writing... original lyrics... tonight... /falls
Damn it, my eyes want to close. I can't fall asleep now! MUST. FINISH. SCRIPT.
2hours before that show! I must finish homework before it!
Gonna do my homework now. Must at least do finish one today .
merh. must. finish. getting. ready.
must finish Adventures of Adam and Adam
I cnt finish the whole year without shaging TONITE IS A MUST
4 more hours before going out to my friend's house ... I have to finish some things .. I must hurry XD
must pee for the millionth and one time tonight. ._. i wanna finish this book, but i have doubts that i will. i guess i'll stay up?
My house is a hot mess... I must have ADD.  I can't seem to finish packing one room without starting on another.  All bad.
Hahaha my cousin is feeding me nd she's telling me 2 open my mouth that I must finish d food saying good girl imagine lol
I must finish my assignments before the January 4 comes...
I will try to be more disciplined this coming year and write a little each day. I must finish editing the sequel to Tea at Sam's.
Must finish this past paper before Tracy Beaker :-o
Tmr must finish english and homec~
I took work, that i must finish within this year, home. however, my tonsils have been swelling since i came home n i'm in bed now;( omg.
MUST FINISH MY TOP 10 NEW YEAR  RESOLUTIONS MENTALLY BY TONIGHT! 
Must. finish. rage. comic.
Morning All! Right must dash and finish the errands I didn't do yesterday! Top of my list = chemist for hubby xx
I (must) finish reading "Water for Elephants" before 2012 knocks on my door! O:)
Must finish chores. Then shower. Then MBC GD!
Hard to put down the Skyward Sword, must get sleep & finish the temple of time
passing up the opportunity to go shopping today so i can finish my homework before monday. i must be crazy.
MUST FINISH IT....
TONIGHT, I MUST BE ABLE TO FINISH OUR PROJECT IN ENGLISH. Cybele namaaaaaaaaaan :(
Must. Finish. The. Blogpost. By. Tonight.
Karen Igho must finish all her tweets wit "Wowza" its beginning to irritate me.
“@ponxiouspilate: Must finish the self-made metamorphosis when cloclk strikes 12am. Must set free the new me. ” -u'll transform into a frog?
Oh my god, fuck marble hornets I can't I can't but omg must finish i'm obsessed
Must try finish up work before Thursday.. I wanna go back Kent Ridge on Friday!! Cant wait! ^^
Must finish the self-made metamorphosis when cloclk strikes 12am. Must set free the new me. :)
must finish one english essay before i go out LOL
Time to play Far Cry 2 for PC, I must. finish. mission.
Finish watched birth of family~! :) INFINITE's story must be fun n then Apink's must be so sad :(
Must. Finish. Checking. I have something to do tomorrow.
Wedding today, good way to finish off an awful year. 2012 will be better, it must be better!!
Why did I decide to fold my clean laundry right now. I just wanna knock out..but must finish what I start then mimis time
Must finish this report before everything else. Ooh MOTIVATION, I need yot.
Must finish this coffee and get sorted.... off out and looks like we are behind schedule
3:14am: must finish subway and Gatorade so no hangover. must throw up anytime now...
Must finish the football coaching book I'm writing aimed at 6-8year olds should get quite a few purchasers
I didn't get to finish Made of Honor 'cuz I was so busy bathing the twins and worrying about if I was an "I love you"-slut. Omg I must be.
Last day at my parents. Really must finish eating everything in sight before I leave *takes a deep breath & sets to work on the chocolate*
must tell myself to calm down so i can continue to finish my project... MUST CALM DOWN!!!!!
Diamonds must got thru the fire but when they finish the process its a beautiful jewel that's very valuable
must finish watching City Hunter before I go back to Ortigas. :)
If nice guys finish last then I must be in first place
My cup is full. Must finish tho every1 is in dream land.. How sad.
Mother of god. It's just 7hours more to 2012. Must finish assignments!! SPARTA!!
Must finish 13 pages in geography!
Must. finish. pending. work.
Tmr or Monday must cut hair and do finish poa
I am so tired & sleepy but i must finish up this movie!
Of course we must finish 2011 with another bout of insomnia. This is redic.
Must...finish...this...chapter...
Must finish my top-down RPG or die this summer :'(
Must.. finish.. curry.. before.. ceramic.. bowl.. dissolves..
Must not fall asleep must finish perfecting acoustic fade to black riff!!!!!
Ahh~ This wine is très délicieux! I want to finish the whole bottle, but I must save some for tonight.
Grr..only a little homework left must finish...by today.....
Finally reading Birdsong after years of it being on the to read pile. TV adaptation in Jan, must finish before!
sleepy. But must finish email!
Must finish this tattoo sketch before I sleep.
I must finish season 3! :))))
But I must, must, must finish this batch tonight.
OMGAAAAAD I CANNNOT WAIT FOR THE PART 2 OF BREAKING DAWN!! now its a must to finish the book before it comes out !!! UGHHH SO INTENSE!
3:05 in the morning but i must still finish this episode of how i met ur mother. i mean seriously.. who writes this thing??
Nobody want to finish the wwf games ppl scared I must be the greatest *Ali Shuffles*
I feel so productive now that I sent in ten apps. must finish the rest now!!
must finish all my homework before 2011 ends!!!
Must finish this. Must.
half way done with this stupid project. must finish by tonight C:
Must finish this mission in Halo before I can allow myself to go to bed.
Long night must i say but the video got finish anf we got the pent house suite until the 1st
Tired, but I must finish this Bible study
I want to replay Catherine so I can be an awful bf & see if I get a different ending. Must finish Uncharted & MGS HD Collection first. :D
U sef carry shayo come ooo. Boy dey wait u"@Laolu360: Shayo must not finish b4 I arrive o! "@BluEbeRRy_doPe: Celebrating ur bd in ur absence
WTF HAVEN DO MY 3 SETS OF HWK. Hahah tmr must finish !!! MUST
Can't let me finish my drama! Must I go out with you all! :/
Bad decision to start the wire again earlier. Now I must finish all of it.
Me: "I have two books to finish before tomorrow evening! I must read!" *spends the evening on tumblr*
Just wanna go to sleep.    Must   wait    for    download     to       finish.
Must finish Doctor Who stuff.
ugh must quickly finish up everything still have to edit my blogskin here and there
sleepy as freakin....but I MUST finish this movie
...must finish weeds...2 episodes left...cant quit now
Bonne nuit. Must finish tomorrow.
Making a book. I CAN'T DRAW THAT GOOD! :| Damn. I must finish it by the end of the day...
Ooc: MUST. FINISH. THIS. SKETCH. BEFORE. I. CAN. SLEEP. Lmfao, but I'm only 10% done... FML.
She busy till today just must finish her work things first den we Go out den Go to buy and cut my hair[= just like long with medium[=
I'm so tired but I must finish this movie!!
I have more or less three hours to finish reading this, then I must change my clothes and Kouhaku. 8D
Falling asleep but..must finish this episode of Jersey Shore
must finish clearing my room before i sleep
Must find motivation to finish this article ...
Must finish one more mission for the bloody alliance..this game will be the death of me
After this song is over, I must finish what I was doing. I'm such a procrastinator.
I have this hidden obsession for crossword puzzles. Once I start one, I MUST finish it XD
MUST FINISH TODAY!!
Just got finish watching "The Help" its was amazing!! A must see
Ugh. This research paper that I MUST finish tonight <<<< !
You must finish what you started to begin a new journey :)
Must finish lit by 3pm! MUST.
All I wanna do right now is hop in my bunk on the tour bus and sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep! BUT I have a "drank" in my cup that I must finish!
alright i MUST finish this book by tomorrow. gotta concentrate.
Wow they carry 30kg of army load & must finish fast marching 12km in 108mins. Damn they're so bloody fit, I'm impressed
I must finish re-reading "Catching Fire" before 2011 ends. Wiggooow!! :3
must finish work so i'll be able to celebrate new year with my family!!!
we must finish what we started
need to finish this bottle of water. These bumps must be gone by tuesday
Shit, only 99 books this year in Goodreads. Must ... finish ... one ... more!
Watching criminal minds 1) bad idea 2) I will have nightmares tonight 3) must finish watching
Must finish this part before 12mn later <3
We must finish what we started
Every SS4 tickets at different countries sells finish in less than 20 minutes........... If SG also like this, I must ask dad earlier D:
Must study this chapter finish first only can open my parcel. XD
Must finish homework today... Then watch episode 51/52... The 1 hour special I've been waiting for so long...
Going to buy something to eat, after that play reading marathon. Must finish today!
But hey u started it...now she must finish it..HA
I have to finish up my sleeve soon its a must
Just finish watching that UFC fight and AGAIN I must say.....UFC has NOTHING on boxing!! But I respect the sport nontheless.
So tired but... Must ..... Finish.... It's.... Always.... Sunny.....
Must finish this movie before I go to sleep. So good
must finish assignment today.
When I finish my hair I must twitpic ..
Im so sleepy but i must finish this movie!
Editing amazing movie magic! I'm starting to fall asleep though.. I MUST FINISH.
I think I've hit a snag. Motivation...slipping...away... Must...finish cleaning...
Anna and the French kiss must wait.  I HAVE to finish delirium!!!!
I typed in "Yes Mu" on YouTube and before I could finish "Musqi Soulchild" pops up. Musqi Soulchild? He must work with Kelly Rollands?
“@DUitEZy11: 1 achievement left in SKYRIM LEFT I MUST GET IT!”  I can't finish restoring the theives guild to its former glory
So I must finish my meds first and if it still hurts I have to go back for blood test.. :(
must finish season two
Shouldn't I be sleeping? Oh, rigt.. I must finish the chapter and upload it once and for all!
10-9 Diaz. Must finish for Cowboy.
Donald Cerrone must've had a pow-wow with UFC legend Heath Herring on how not to finish a guy you just head kicked.
MUST finish writing my song b4 headin out laterr!!
In Episode IV, Darth Vader must have been in between his armor and helmet buffing appointments. He definitely rocks the matte finish.
So tired but must stay awake to finish pretty woman
Now to finish packing! Must leave in half hour. Shoot.
The Mayans must be lazy to finish up their calendar, hence coincidentally ending at 2012, December 21.
Must finish one chapter at least . I'm going out with my family after this, beli barang2 skola. Haha.
Currently reading At Risk by Patricia Cornwell. And I MUST finish this before tuesday. :)
Target: Finish Matech today before heading for countdown party (must must must!)
So sleepy but, I must finish watching the Notebook.
Spending the whole afternoon to clean up my room! Must finish all my year-ender clean up!
K must finish eng!!!
Tweeplingz I must be off to go and finish writing TAK. Hugz, Squeezes and Fist Bumpz-Vic
When we start something we must finish that things we strated
To achieve inner peace we must finish what we started...I finished 2 bags of chips a bottle of wine & a box of chocolates...I Feel Better :)
must finish this chapter!!! grrr
I must finish today -____-
I should give Project 365 a try again. I must finish it this time.
Must finish what I'm doing now.... Gaaaahhhh so hungry.
Outback's chocolate waffle dessert...that's a must. Me n my three babies couldn't even finish it. Yummy!
I simply must finish the library book tonight that is due tomorrow
I must finish out 2011 with 1,000 tweets. I have less than 30 to go.
Doing some more cleaning in preparation for the new year... Must finish dishes and laundry before friends get here tonight! Genmaicha boost!
Okay, Twitter. I'm done. I got three hours of sleep last night. I must have more tonight. I am 205/266. 77% Will finish tomorrow!
last day of 2011..must finish everything before the year ends:)))
Yeah Mac, great idea to paint your nails after an anxiety attack. But one hand is already done, must finish other even thru the shakiness (;
I must finish my drawing. I must finish my drawing. I must finish my drawing. I must finish my drawing. I must finish my drawing.
I must finish my home-work today
The wizards must have read my tweet about then being an embarrassment.. Good! finish the come back..
why mum has to complicate things all the time sigh, must finish the traditional-must-foods list for a bountiful year! lets start with fruits
Education begins a gentleman , but reading , good company and reflection must finish him.
Niggas must of forgot who the fuck Trudy really was smh anyways abt to finish enjoying my night
“@dririshea: About to go pick up dinner & coming back to make good use of my time. Finish Goal List for 2012!”(I must finish mines also!)
Must....finish...drink.....
No games for a while. Must finish my research tonight. It bloooowwwwsss
I have 6 left and i must finish it...can sushi be put in the refrigerator
today i must finish all the assignments!!
Sleepy....but must finish my hair ugh.
One more season of Charmed to watch. Must finish this weekend!
They say if something has a start then their must be a finish,so my only wish is we never tear apart and last like we on some forever shit..
I hate when I get so close to finishing a drawing and then I just decide I'm not interested in trying to complete it. Must. Finish. It. Now.
Must finish my assignment before new year! :|
Must. Finish. This. Story.
Can't.. keep.. eyes.. open... must.. finish.. movie..
But there's still the most important deadline of my life on Sunday... I must finish that.
must finish this paperrrrrrr
We must finish above Spuds we must!
Finally finish watching fontes stupid  movies....now I must finish reading the book -__- Great!
Been up 27 hours meow. Must stay up to finish watchin UFC
So... I have my shiny new Kindle loaded with more than I can prob. read in a year, & want even more... Yet must finish editing my own book!
But first I must finish listening to The Heart of a Woman.  Love this song.
must finish this paper before the noise begins
"But they must finish what they started"
You must finish what you started..
Tostitos Hint of Lime!!!! I must finish it before the clock stikes 12. Hahahaha!
Really must sleep, but I'm listening to the FF Tour and I'm up to Womanizer so might as well let Brit Brit finish up. It'd be rude not to.
Domo shut yo lame ass up, you must dont want me to say nun cause you got hoes watching AW ! finish gasing them hoes up.
still need to finish eunhae. still need to finish eunhae. must finish eunhae. dont care anymore. dont wanna. im upset. no drawing. must draw
Why is twitter so distracting? Must finish common app...
It's a must I finish cleaning tonight!
This horror movie is making me scared oh..ehh ehhhh.. Strong man like me..I must finish it
Holy moly it's another year going away....MUST finish my latest Abe Lincoln Sunday so I can start the year right.
LIU didn't finish this game in the first 4 min of 2nd H. Now must finish the game in final 4. Up 69-62 with 3:47 to play.
Today, it must be finish.
Can't even finish watching scarface my gma talkin bout u must want them to b your daughters first word
Must finish Math homework today then start studying for Psych midterms 
Last day of 2011, but before I welcome 2012, I must finish the gabundok laundry first.
Writing a news article on the last day of 2011. Must finish before I help cook food for our Media Noche later. :D
Cannot believe we still have Xmas leftovers in fridge. I've been doing my best to get rid of them every day. Must. Finish. Custard...
Dear saturday....we will rock...many agenda must finish...dont let me abuse anything today...#kepaksayap
This shoulda said sick. I must be getting sick RT I must be getting.  I can't seem to finish this glass of Pinot. :(
Completely knackered and tired. I also have a splitting headache. Must not sleep. Wait for download to finish !!!!!!!
Note to self: Don't look at anything on the internet until I finish Raw. Must avoid spoilers.
So, before 2011 ends. I will focus my attention first to a bunch of school blahs! :)) Must finish these, for a stress free 2012 ;)
Mwaah "@Mz_killz: Lool I lav u nwRT kannyberry: Na wa oo c as u jt finish me..."@Mz_killz: Attention seeker must I notice u lol.."
I must be getting.  I can't seem to finish this glass of Pinot. :(
Matchsticks please ....... Must finish watching ......
Whew..finished coloring the Nolin Lake, KY map. Must have been 10,000 trees on that map to draw and color. Still more stuff to do to finish.
Na wa oo c as u jt finish me..."@Mz_killz: Attention seeker must I notice u lol..ur spirit is in calabar yl ur body is in london*eckankar
2012 must be better than this year for me. Was crazy from start to finish. I never want to experience such again!!!
ok time to sleep. one must rest well cause I gotta finish my knitting challenge tomorrow. last prem cardi :) then its all Skyrim baby :D
need a new foot for mah sewing machine. must finish these handpaws and mail this shit out.
It's d last day of 2011! Yet still so much to do n so little time :( .Must finish everything TODAY!!! ;( .Gud Mawning to ALL ;)
yooo i must be drunk ! i really been saying i go bck wednesday lmao tf  , aint even finish shopping !!!!
OMG is it a must 4 evry fucked up tattered asshole 2 put on a hat.......I jst saw 1 wif N1 instead of NY......OMG aba don finish us
Must start laundry and vacuum before I put the little one's to bed. And I really want to finish my book, and rearrange\ reorganize a bit.
Oh boy. Another Midnight finish. I must be mad - the boys won't let us sleep.
Almost done un-decorating the house. Must get off twitter and finish.
oh well, seeing as one must be up at 6, id better finish this magners pear cider n go to bed. Goodnight!
Must finish writing my resolutions tomorrow ;)
Must finish the football coaching book I'm writing for 6-8year olds should get quite a few purchasers
Kevin Bacon + Courtney Love + Dakota Fanning = Movie i came halfway into but must finish watching. . . .*SUGAR & CYANIDE*
must concentrate. must finish work... ahh crap borats on next
Ok..fine..i cant continue my sleep..i must accmpany he buy breakfast..haizz..watch out..elvin..i will finish u aftr breakfast..
.@FridayReads 'One Day' Determined to finish. Must be last to read :(
fuck fuck fuck DO I HAVE ENOUGH TIME BEFORE 2012 comes to finish the book I'm reading :o I must! AAAAAAA
My haircut extra fresh and I'm feeling real spiffy... Already packed for da weekend, but 1st must finish this shift tonight at work
New years eve!!! But first must finish work :-/
Must finish knitting DS's hat this weekend.  Wind chills here around 20 by Monday.  "Welcome Wallace family to High Country winter!"
On a Carl Sagan fix!!! Must finish reading Contact.....
cheiiii....i must finish dis bananas dis nite ohhhhh
..Must...Finish...Past...paper.
Sorry Russel Howard, must finish watching Most Shocking Celebrity Moments of 2011...
Must finish irish essay this year. Not gonna drag it into the new Year. :/
this night I must finish it and make some cover for it ^^
right must get off twitter and finish room...come on...motivation char!!!!!
"@nofanO_o: Must to finish Biology this night!" LOOOL, assignments?
Must to finish Biology this night!
I have some great books lined up to read on my Kindle Fire but must finish the Richard K Morgan I'm reading that is still made of dead trees
slowly losing the will to live....must finish room...so tired...want to paint nails....
99 pages until Storm of Swordsthen Feast for crows. Must. Finish. Before. Vacation.
Must finish my book tonight the only question is how much chocolate I will consume whilst reading is in progress, place your bets people!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was surprisingly very well done! Must finish reading the trilogy now!!
Must... finish... coffee... there's sleepy kids in Africa, I can't waste a drop!
must. finish. psychology. tonight. :(
Must say i had loads of fun this christmas.......BUT  it een finish yet time for the grand finale weekend!
Phone is ringing from clients.  I put it on vibrate.  Must paint.  Will respond in the AM.  Back to work soon...and still so much to finish!
Must finish last level on Zelda game, can't go anywhere until it's done, dear gosh please help me.
but first I must finish my subway
18 and a 1/2 hours left to go. I must finish it! >:O
Must finish 2011 TO DO list. I'm off to Vermont to marry a dude. I hope I can find one up there who doesn't have a beard.
must finish all hamperz b4 skul resumez
Even if Carroll does score the occasional goal, a 35M pound fwd must do more than just wait in the box for crosses he can't finish.
Beautiful finish i must add.
Arkham City is calling me back...must RESSIST....hell I'm going back there if I don't finish my homework
I must....write letters/cards and draw today. Finish those things Q_Q...;;; why do I always do things last minute
must finish global outline naow :c
Trying to finish my '25 things to do in 2012' list & I'm short of 2 things. Any ideas? Must be something I've never done before.
Must finish these personal statements before I do anything else 2day!!
The book my mom got me The Future Of Us by Jay Asher finally came!!! Must finish packing so I can read all day!
sis started dad's website & now must figure out dreamweaver & finish. she also wants to introduce her bf to her "best friend"'s fam 1st wtf
I must never ever tiaun in my tweet again! This pple will finish me !! Kai!!!!
Nom! Classic Tohoshinki lives~ Must finish DVD later!
Skyscrapers, not hard to build till you remember you are building it in a multiplayer map, (must finish skyscraper!)
Public affairs reporting assignment its me nd U̶̲̥̅̊ 2day  Ȋ̝̊̅ ​ must finish U̶̲̥̅̊ dis 9t
I don't feel like finishing laundry,but i must finish it!!!
We must finish what we had started !
Right, mission on. Must finish those Christmas chocolates by 2012-even the orange and pink ones
But now I'm half way surely I must finish or else I could end up starting again in years to come
made a pact with myself that after a lazy past two days.. i would finish both essays tonight. MUST MOTIVATE SELF.
"We must finish what we started" - Catatan Akhir si Boy
Want to stay in bed and finish my book... But lives must be lived. And I got errands to run :(
Must finish those two chapters and two art pieces by fajr ..MUST!
I'm very tired. But I must finish Kgotboda Namja. :)
Must finish. Must finish. Must finish.
grrrrrr.. making LAST order in this year. must finish it by morning.
When I finish work I must tweet about this boy n completely shame him -_- is my name bob mate
I must finish this by january. orz.
Dumbass kitten brought a snake in. Girls screaming, me trying to get it out, kitten smug with itself. This year must finish already.
I must finish my homework and laundry today. must...
its ok.. important must be DL now !! Im will waiting until finish.
you must finish something to start another one!
Now I must finish the revisions so I can use my new query.
Got soooo much to get thru...seemed like I had ages but literally only got a couple more days, damn it! Must finish writing up maths 2nite x
Burnham! Burnham! At least let it trend for a good finish for 2011. This must have been a great year for them!
MUST finish Fear of Flying this weekend. I've totally slacked off on my reading lately.
I will finish my project tonight. It's a MUST!
Curse you internets. You are such a lovely distraction. Must. Finish. This. Blurb. Gah!
Today is the day I finish my psychology project! Biological level of analysis, why must you hurt me so?
demba ba is a must watch player. he knows how to finish the ball into the net
Must finish my book before next year D;
Can't even finish my chinese, must be ill
Must! Finish! These! Mix CDs! For! FRIENDS!!!!!
It's a MUST I finish shopping today
must...finish...this...last.......fry!!!
procastinating again. tomorrow might be the day. must finish it up, and done before new year. *speaking tak hingat
Have to finish this supplement today. It's a must.
Must finish NSF before baby comes.
Planning trip w/ tia must i cancel because i wanna finish my work and i must show w/ ma parents i can do it w/ a smile in my face
must go and finish dinner seeing how I've made Oh come home to eat it...bbiab
Many pending work of next must be done!.. Time has to finish those unfinished works.
They say u finish the year how u start it. It must be true bc I started w/ a knot & making some more & I be damned.... It's ending the same.
I end my last day in 2011 with an oncall... I have a mission and I must finish it...
towards without thought, legs wanting to part, to be lifted, but too soon. All must be felt, start to finish, each moment fulfilled. Hands
My lady, please be patient. I will come to you someday. I must finish all of these things before I meet you. So, just wait for me.
Before sunset, I must finish Before Sunset and New Year's Eve? Say whut? Hello Movie Marathon. School works go away! :D
Getting my sleeve finish before I head back to Ep is a must!!!!
gonna finish soon! must be patient
6 detailings, calculations, air source heat pump and structural layout plan. MUST FINISH THZ SHIZ by tonight.
Feelings are nothing but temporary emotions. Don't forget an important piece is the execution. Before you finish a race, you must start.
Finished reading Hunger Games. On to Catching Fire. I have 1 more week to finish my reading list. Plus I must save time for The OC! =D
Thing I must do : when I finish putting  lipgloss or lipstick I must blow a kiss to my self lol xD !
MUST and NEED to finish another chapter tonite! Way to Go Grace!
Sitting by the fire having changed into my Pj's and just waiting for the bloke to finish cooking dinner. He must be having an affair.
will and must finish up every single forms later to submit on 3rd January.
You been procrastinating for two months on that!!! “@missMARI2u: I MUST finish this grad school app TODAY!”
Every Start of a new year I compile a list of suggested "must read" books, and I usually finish the list. Suggest me books for 2012's list!
Next border must finish 3 track :D
Must finish warching City Hunter nowwwwwwww
" im like bitch you stupid, find Cupid or God, I know da times is hard but you must finish yo start "
High School sucks!! I have to start my 218 question packet plus my math packet and my essay today and I must finish. WHY?!?!?!?
I have to finish washing today. It's a must.
Must. Finish. English. Essay.
Next week I MUST stay home and finish all my homework.
Just finish talking with mum.. And I miss her as soon as I hang up :( note to self, must call home more frequent!
why? why must I work today? I just want to finish this season.
Five hours of sleep... Zombie... But must finish cupcakes!!... (it's a multi step process)
I wonder what im doing tonite... I must do something every night to finish of the break epically.
I must finish reading this book before the year ends. GV, GV! ☺
i must finish my oats before school starts.. hey so by then i will be left with one more packet!
Luna already finish taking bath aw that's mean i must go ;) maybe we can talk anymore guys haha bye;)
Okayy done watching:)) i really must finish 11 episodes tomorrow:)))
Ok die die must finish all my homework by tomorrow. If not I won't have a peace of mind..
Getting closer to having this proposal done. While I wait for feedback I suppose I must finish folding the laundry.
When i started to read,there is no 'Stop' word! I must finish it on that day! :)
So according to Andrew Marr the two easiest exits from journalism are sideways into PR or upwards into fiction-writing. Must finish novel...
.. must stay all night . to finish something .. ::((
// MUST FINISH DRAWING. CAN'T DRAW. AAAAH.
As soon as I finish eating, my phone is being turned off, I must finish this book, today today!
OMG, I'm gonna have to sleep super late tonight. This lcl, really need to rush out. Must finish by tonight.
Nailed in front of the screen watching Big Bang Theory S2. Must finish the whole season before 2011 ends:))
The Other Guys is on... Must have started dis movie 3 times but Neva finish it
Must finish everything later
ok MUST clear sec 1 stuffs by tmrw, and also finish hmwrk by tmrw. MUST MUST MUST
Just finished reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series. Now to finish the last Harry Potter book. Hunger Games must wait!
Must ..... Finish..... Paper.  .Ugh good thing I'm getting paid good for this -___-
I BELIEVE I CAN FINISH CHEM! even if cannot also must... and crap la, all the 3 tests i never even study!
Must finish packing up ASAP tho
Good morning, Day 5 of the Big move: My body ache all over, but I must finish packing..today starts Open House for friends & fam.
Must. Finish. Studying. Bible..
MUST FINISH PAPER 1 BY TODAY. Nothing is impossible hehe.
must finish doing the video and doing the Apple post before i sleep... yawn
- don't feel like being woke since my baby still sleep but i must finish taking down my hair.
I was thinking to myself- "This guy must be the most boring rapper in New York". If I am able to finish your lines for you, that is bad.
They must finish what they started.
but they must finish
Way to lazy to take a shower must finish my new year gift
I feel sleepy but I must finish this essay
I declare 2012 to be 20graft... I must just finish my MBA
Jamming to the Saturday's in my car while I wait for Jd to finish work! People that drive past me must think I'm having a fit lol
I must learn that when I try a new wine I don't always have to finish the bottle !
must finish 2 yuedujicheng by tonight >:o
I must be getting old. Couldn't even finish a monkey boy last night. I'm so embarrassed!
okay all i'm left with is the compo writing for eng and chinese. set tmr i must finish !!
In 2012 I promise never to set P when I dnt intend finishing up with d babe. I must finish anything I start.
Must finish A Feast for Crows before 2011 ends. Pressure!
Its a must dat I finish editing these videos today
And I must finish taking my hair out SMH
Gonna list down what I'm gonna finish up tomorrow. DIE DIE must complete.
I MUST finish it all by tomorrow. Preferably tonight doe.
Dc dc dc dc dc. Stay up late also must finish hmwk tday!!! >(
Attention ! To Nite all Of my download must Finish !
Oh god. I have to help vanessa with her macro and try to do the graphs for stats. by tonight must finish.
Must... finish... cutting... this... video......
MUST. CONTROL. SELF. DO. NOT. FINISH. UP. THE. MANGO. PRESERVATIVE. ENOUGH ENOUGH KEEP FOR TOMORROW!!
Very proud of myself and have yet to finish unpacking my suitcase from my trip to Pittsburgh!!!!!!!  MUST GO BACK MUST GO BACK LMAO
OHHHHHH SHITTTTT I FORGOT DO WORK FOR MS MARLINDA!!! MUST FINISH BY TDY!!! DAMN!!!!!
Wasted time just now lolol WHY. Tmrw must finish eng -_-
Must finish working on my the year that was 2011 post. Hmm.....
Lol cool cool awww you must be in lovely buffalo .. You ever think of living here after you finish school ??@OoSoCouture
Guess I will finish doing my house work...everything must be done before 2012
I must finish what I came here to do. Not too much time left here.
One Thing I Must Do Today! Finish My Damn Schedule
Going out again tmr so must finish eng and physics by today D:
Exhausted! Gotta finish unpacking. Gotta put some furniture up for sale. Gotta prepare for church lock-in tonight. But: mani/pedi r a must!
Everything I start I MUST finish If I don't Finish it what's the point in starting it?
Today is a work day though. MUST finish today..
Suan le. Byebye humans. Tmrw. Tmrw must finish hw before aftnn. THEN CHIONG COM ALLTHWAY~
Bout to finish reading faiths book. It's a MUST READ if you've haven't already
Got to finish them today. Must. But I hope so :b
Too early. To work out. Must finish. :(
Ok, must get on and finish this VAT return before HMRC give me a good kicking!
must finish the eng ec tonigt wahahah no sleeep :----)
I must finish what I started!
come on i MUST blog finish by tonight come on comeon. why is the uploading always so slowwwwwwwwwww
sigh must finish report by tonight
“they must finish what they started”
My bathroom scales must have a memory. It doesn't matter how much weight I lose during the year I'm going to finish the year the same weight
Off to starbucks to get a coffee and do some work. Must finish this presentation off today!
Back into my library, must finish these books in 2011. See y'all later...
MUST FINISH ALL HOMEWORK BY END OF THIS YEARRR!
Still haven't got anywhere close to completing The Gulag Archipelago. Must finish by 2012. May require a pot of coffee and an all-nighter.
must finish my chemistry and life skills homework today
You must not open the box of After Eights that are sitting on the table. You will finish them.
Tommorrow must be finish (⌣́_⌣̀)
ahhhhh~ must finish 2 books of manhwa and 1 manga DDDDDDD: bought it but haven't touched it DDDDDD:
Scribble. Scribble. Must. Finish. Year. End. Review. Scribble.
Been eating this 230g Fruit & Nut bar for like 4wks now. I must finish it before the year ends. How on earth did it last this long :-s
Must wait for mum to finish cooking Laksa. Yum yum
Resisting KBS Gayo Daejun. I must finish this shit.
Losing concentration! Have-to-finish-by-tonight! I must!
Must finish my cleaning rituals today, tomorrow I'm writing out my map for 2012...oh yea and watching MI4 tonight
Must finish 750 words for both essays by the end of this week, I can do this!!!
I miss bambi421 when my phone finish charging i must call her.!
Must finish Middlemarch. Must finish Middlemarch. Must finish Middlemarch.
I have to finish hmwk by today. MUST.
Fiuhh... 2011 almost finish.. Time to celebrate 2012 coming.. Time to get target next year 5billion. Must acheive it before june..
Tambak ako ng homeworks. Must finish it tonight!
WORK MODE. Must finish all updates tonight or else.... -_-
I must finish dis bottle 2day.... Cause I'll have a Ciroc Bottle for 2morro....
RT“@Dan_Brocklebank: Head pounding... Eyes unfocused... Must have been a great party last night...” ha ha it was!! What time did it finish?
*The crowd:,, Finish the Beast with a cold shower! Kill it!!!''* I will do what must be done!
Hope to finish everything tonight! Ay di pala dapat hope, I should, I must! I believe!
You must finish, what have you started
Okok must must must finish Math todayy!!!!!!!!
must. finish. all. dissertation. quotes. today.
I must really finish answering this take home exam in public health!
HOW CAN I FORGOT ABOUT THE L&S DEMO VIDEO??! URGHHHHH! MUST FINISH IT BY TONIGHT!!!
I yet to finish Deep Rooted Tree drama... Must finish it...
How in the heck am I still awake?! Damn virus scan. I must let you finish.
Now at Waterstones to get myself a copy of Blink. We must to finish before the year ends.
Must finish millenium trilogy by january so i can read a new one. Im on the half of the 2nd book and the 3rd's waiting for me already
First time i eat finish everything first. I must be very hungry.
Time to tackle "Clash of Kings". Must finish by the new year...753 pages to go.
Must of been planning in drunk eBay bidders having items finish tomorrow night.
Yeah I'm still awake lol. Must finish the merlin marathon. Must not fall asleep. Need to know what happens
Must finish that movie I started watching last night. Looked very interesting. The Shadow.
I must sleep. I'll finish packing before the airport hahaha
jus finish watching Running Man Christmas special!! the Great Best Awesome episode!! MUST WATCH!! i wan to ply Running Man!!
Day 4- echuca 2 torrumbary. Jnr team Infront & snr team 2nd 4 group (the other teams must b bad). Last day 2morow to finish @ swan hill.
must draw and finish notes so i can read continuously :(
there is nearly no food in this flat besides copious amounts of chocolate. once i finish this insurance calling about business, i must SHOP!
Must get up and revise. I will finish the constitution chapter today! If I'm good.. May start parliament!
You must finish what you started
You must finish what you started from.
Now I must finish my battle through the Earth Temple!
Can't sleep. MUST. FINISH. DEXTERRRRRR.
I knw a short dude dat doesn't too...:| "@Akinfals: I never finish reading books, i must change this ."
Whenever I have a long phrase to look up, I race against the Google auto-finish. I must not give it the satisfaction of knowing.
A question: must you finish a book  if you're not enjoying it? Should I take the marathon runners view: "I must finish it & will not stop"?
must finish this shit oh my god.
Slick sleepy but its ah must tht we finish this convo !
my plan was to finish cars2 yday. slept through it all yday and the laptop was sitting there in my stomach.. must finish!
Plants vs. Zombies has consumed my break. I must say it makes waiting for the laundry to finish go by really quickly.
Smh I must have retard across my face or somethin? Man I tell u.. Guess ima finish this shift off strong!! :-/
2:42. Forgot to fold clothes. Spent 3 hours playing Where's My Water. People are coming over at 8 tomorrow. Must finish now.
Can't. Sleep. Must finish Lost marathon.
so evil how i log off chat when they are on9. gahh. must be because i didn't finish my assignment like dey do and don't want them to ask
I must finish this polaroid project!
Going to Ipoh tomorrow and thank God not today like the original plan. I have to finish my homework by today. Must. But impossibruuuu!
I must finish my Ugly Betty before school starts. This is so stressful. I need to tweet and watch movies at the same time.
Sooo tired but must..finish..cleaning..room
We must finish in the top 25% for this competition!
Must finish reading a few magazines before the party later.
I never finish reading books, i must change this .
“@KhalidAlRoudhan: صـباح الخـير ...اخر جمعه في سنة ٢٠١١:(” .Must be happy , at last well finish this year :/ !!! Maba3'a , disasters 
Eat finish food, must throw away the packaging right?? IT'S LIKE COMMON KNOWLEDGE RIGHT. THEY JUST LEAVE IT THERE.
GUD GUYS FINISH LAST. OR GET FUCKED OVER. I MUST B A GUD GUY KUZ I JUS GOT BOTH OF EM
Must...finish...this game...of Mario Party. So tired....but love this game!
Yayeeee. I send finish to everyone already even thou I'm really tired. They must be all asleep.
drinking coffee so that i can stay awake ;__; MUST FINISH WHAP.
How difficult is finish a relationship but everything is must go on so... Peace!
okayokay i will finish my homework today. i must make sure
must finish 70% of my math homework its about cubic & quadratic functions
Must. Finish. This. Pronto.
MUST FINISH BY TOMORROW.
If I start something I MUST finish it
Can't sleep, must finish. Rawr.
As much as I hate to waste even a cent, when something displeases my buds, it must be thrown away. I refuse to finish these.
K must finish English hwk by today!!
Dhat bish didn't even must finish
my dad must finish his pack of cigs before he goes to bed every night .
Must finish everything today
Must stay awake to finish watching movie. ... its so hard lol
I must at least try to finish all my chem work by 5pm. Then, start on my English essay.
Reading Rob's Service Design Patterns book.. Another proof that books on fundamentals are always a joy to read. Must finish before year end.
To be with me, you must understand every side of the story. If you assume..you'll never make it to the finish line.
Just got finish readin part 2 of the books I must return to mommy 2ma
Must finish Marlowe's room timetabling today.
:( so tired must finish last mission :(
Ok tonight must finish all the homework! Tonight no twitter/facebook/youtube for me. Hopefully I can do it!
Listening music using headphones are way better :D okay, back to chinese report, must finish today. I dont wan to spend new year chionging
‎25% Off Storewide must finish close of business tomorrow @ Billie & Rose Mt Lawley, Freo and King St. Last chance for NY threads!
Then that means my malay homework must finish up cuz confirm she want it as she teach malay next year  i havent do!!!!!
Macro Macro Macro. By today must finish at least 3 charts.
So tired but I must finish making these folders & filing.
Did I really just not finish all of my steak n shake fries? Wtf. I must be sick
So close to finishing college apps. Must.....finish........tonight.
Must be really shit boring to be the kid waiting in the salon for their mum to finish her manicure
Must finish English and half of SS by today, if not I'll punish myself by not watching TV tonight.
I must finish reading. This is getting more and more interested. As my eyes close more and more by the min.
Must. Finish. Hunger. Games. Tonight.
DAYLIGHT ROBBERY!! so expensive lo i think i must spent another $200+ to finish buying stuff on my booklist aww shit
ohmygosh chapter 4 is so long. must finish. so good.
Must continue and finish looking up badass hotel suites with hot tubs tomorrow after work.
When the lights go down in my living room, and the tv shines on my face. Oh I want to be there in my comfy bed, but I must finish this game.
I'm sooo tired but I must finish watching this game !
I MUST FINISH THIS AND THEN START DOING WORK.
“@Diggy_79: the nice guys must finish last....”> no you just have to find a female of your caliber!
Must finish X-Men First Class.
"To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job." Chin-Ning Chu
I must say, Baylor knows how to start and finish with a bang. Their 1st and their last games were the 2 most entertaining I watched all year
Hi, TQM. I must finish you today :)
Die die must finish the stupid grammar builder today.
Baylor-Washington game is a must see right now. Boutta be a great finish.
Must finish what I started..must do whatever I need to do..there is no excuses and border to make me the better person
must finish hair by 2 am .. 3 at the latest.
I wish I could blame my bad behavior on alcohol, but I can't bring myself to finish a beer, so I must be just an asshole.
Good morning!!! Gayo Daejun vids are out. But noooo. Must finish my reqs first. But see, internet nanaman ako! Hahahaa
No more procastinating. MUST FINISH THE CHEK JAWA THING TODAY!
Well, I guess this is a sign that I must finish my “to-do things”.
Tehehe Vegas manana and still must finish laundry and pack!!!!
While everyone's trying to finish their project, I haven't started mine yet.......... must. be. productive. today.
Must. Stay. Awake. Must. Finish. The. Game.
Tired. But I must finish watching the game!
A good solid two hours of homework and now I'm over it! Must finish this assignment!!
Must be getting better. Bc the old me wouldve punched u n the face before u could finish ya sentence. Lol
you must finish what you've already started
Before 2011 ends, I must finish my two drafts! It means I only got less than 48 hours! Oh, how I hate sleeping at night!
Tonight will lepaking with my bffssss! Yeay!!!! But before that I must finish all my work first. Duh!
I can die of boredom. Oh well there's always homework. K tonight must finish ah crap la.
Must finish essay tonight.. Fuck homework during winter break
okay. the lesson to be difficult and annoying. I must finish my physics homework for exam preparation. STUDIED’S HURT Щ(ºДºщ)
4 eps of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy down, 2 to go. Must finish before I get back to LA.  It's about Obi Wan as a spy during the Clone Wars
Just got finish eating mcdonalds....man I must was hungry I tore that food up less than 5min.
1/3 through Asher Lev. Must finish by new years!
i must hurry and finish these summaries so i could watch my future husband in action
Must finish puzzle before bed. Must.
Must finish my math homework before 8pm.
Must finish tests. Must tweet.
Must finish an essay and a half before bed.
Been wearing my business hat all week, must finish this today so I can do coding, there's coding that needs doing!!
You must finish what you started.
I'm about to miss 30 mins of the game. I must finish BSS.
Must finish memorizing today. :O
But first, I must finish the book I'm reading :)
I need to finish ALL this in 1 hr. Must! MUST!!
- i must've been really thirsty cause , i swear i never finish a whole brisk in a day. -_-
must b good..but ill finish watchin the polar express
I am tired due to no nap however I must finish packing, tidy up my pad, and theeen get some sleep to wake up at 6 am!
I have 2011-ritis. My mind knows 2012 is around the corner & refuses to operate accordingly. Must finish this...
Home now and im super tired but must finish this packing
must. finish.
“Vitamin_CT I must admit this season seems like its going to be long for Kobe we will finish in top wbci
Got...to...stay...up. Must finish culminating report. -flomps-
7 more eps to download T_T now im starting to doubt myself... NOOO!! I MUST finish this today D<
My past is like a un finish painting, and as the artist I must fill in all the ugly holes and make it beautiful again.
Must choing finish honework in tis few days.. How issit even possible? -,-
Must finish my CP project now!
i gotta pee but i can wait 5 minutes to finish this episode. its a must.
Must finish this can of beer before I crash and fall asleep. Almost half a can left. Save me Bourne, you're my only hope!
2 days of straight Merlin on Space. Doesn't finish until 5:30am. But one must ponder how many times can they reply three seasons. Lol.
Why am I up already...9:20am is too fckin' early for me to be here but...*sigh* today I must finish all my vacation homework...
I must finish this book. Right meow.
MUST finish the Xrated on new years eve .
“Perseverance must finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything.” James 1:4
I've been reading Mockingjay for the past 2 hours. Must. Finish. Tonight.
i'm never going to finish this list of noteworthy vqa wines... i guess that's a good sign for the industry. any must-have suggestions?
So nice to see my desk look like a real desk. Heeee :> Must finish the cleaning today!
Reading Clockwork Angel. Must finish thisss
must. get. off. internet. and. finish. speech.
Second last working day. Must finish everything before the event tomorrow.
Im tired but must finish watching notting hill, love that film!!!
Enough with the retweets Florence bound in the morning. Must finish packing
Of course, I say I'll finish up SR2 quickly, but then my must-do-and-collect-everything self will kick in and...
Haven't eaten today. I must finish this paper, before I eat.
But first I must finish a few more chapters of this beautiful creation... yes. Science is called.
I MUST finish my homework by TODAY since imma be cleaning ALL day tomorrow -_-
" She Must Be The Fuck Dehydrated . Smh , Cuz That Thirstttt . . . " Lmaooo , I Can't Evn Finish This Work . I Gotta Tak A Break .
I will finish this book tonight. I must.
i have to finish these clothes before i go anywhere.. that's a MUST !
must......finish.....essay......
Must. Finish. In Cold Blood.
“If life is a race, then, you must be the driver heading on your own direction towards your most awaited finish line
I miss my HMS Victory model. Might be time to go back to school. Must. Finish. Rigging.
av nt started oh Moni “@Ms_mownie: So I must finish all my assignments 2day”
I must finish dis tin dis nyt!
I Need To More Things To Finish My Project Then I'm Done
Need to finish off a mock exam but I'm slightly tiddly
I'm sooo comfy laying on the sofa reading my kindle but I need to get up and finish my laundry :p uuugghhhhh
But I need to get up and finish packing
IF i finish everything i need to get done today as planned, a will end 2011 with a  miracle lol
Finished my 3 chemistry booklets! Not need to finish the physics and biology ones in the next few days
should continue studying. need to finish many chapters on anatomy tonight.
Need to finish this report aswell
I really need to stop starting a game before I've finished another one. My aim of 2012 is to finish all my current Xbox games. Boom.
need to finish biology revision today.......asdfghjkeswasdtghujikewsa
Need to finish 2011 with a great effort today! Tip off at 1:00pm against Murray St. Go REDHAWKS!
Need to wax my eyebrows after I finish my hair.
I need to finish this song!!!!!
Ms G. Need to quit talking with her hands and finish
Ok! I am in the homestretch now.... I only need 121 more ppl to make it to 1000 followers! Who wants to help me make it to the finish line?
I need to finish cleaning.
I need to finish off my burn list *sings* and I made a list and you're on iiiiiiiit
I need to finish the twilight books then I'll move on to one directions;-)
i need to go to da mall and finish puttin my fit together
Off to Brum tonight for New Year. Need to finish work first though
Why am I awake right now? Need to finish cleaning. Go back to bed. Then get ready for tonight's festivities. :)
“@NayaFanaee_: Kiana needs to wake that ass up! We still need to finish plotting! ;}” still da same
I really need to finish reading of Mice and Men but i still got a week... I'll read it tonight.. after Alan Carr..
Great work by Blackburn. Pleased to finish the year strong. Just need the Arsenal victory now.
need to hurry up and finish work so I can start drinking!!!
Kiana needs to wake that ass up! We still need to finish plotting! ;}
It's gonna be a long nite. Need to finish this book...
Going to finish vacuuming then have a go on Zumba  for the Wii that I had for my birthday. Need to make room for food and drink this evening
Good Morning babies I had a wonderful dream *yawns I wanna go bk to sleep to finish it... I guess I need to get outta bed now! *smiling
I need to get in the shower but im aiting for this thing to finish
Shit, got 15 minutes, need to finish up my fucking soba!
When I was just about to finish, bad news Adel we need you for reinforcement in town for more 4 hours, recorded will be 24 hrs of work
everyone's already outside but i still need to finish episode 31!!!
half way through about 4 different books. Need to finish :/
Need To Finish Packing
done fuck all coursework this month. pahaaaaaaa. i need to finish 4 A Level Tasks. a coursework that was due in september. and my ict:/
I wanna finish the gossip girl series already but I know I need rest . Finally going to bed now .. Smh .
Ok so I'm bk home n I need to finish my art work I need to figure out what I'm gonna do 4 my final piece hm any suggestions (it's portrature
Here I go,start wishing them already from now 'cause i'm buzy;need to finish those potatoes.....
I've given my last Christmas present! Now I just need to finish my advent calendar, then the whole season is definitely over.
I need to finish washing
I really need to finish my big list today.
Need To Make A Move To The Store, Finish Getting Shit I Need.
Waaah need to finish reports for boss. Maybe I'll start ng 1AM hopefully matapos ko before sya magising bukas. Tomorrow's the deadline kasi.
FINALLY FINISH CLEANING . WELL 80% JUST NEED TO GET GARBAGE BAGS. AND RIP UP ALL THESE BOXES... UGH
ok i need to finish all my chinese today. ALL!!!! RAWR.
I Need To Finish This Homework !
I need to revise and finish reading a book.
I woke up to the best head in my dreams lol...guess I need to break open my new batteries so I can finish :-)
I Need To Charge My Phone , & Finish Gettting Ready .
no energy after the last 2 goals. We need to finish them off now, been a shit game but Valencia's just straight fire
I need to finish this cleaning asap
I need to finish this article before the clock hits 12! Oh man!
United having some good attacking moves, just need to finish anyone of them...
Finally up bout to finish cleaning up but need something to eat first seriously
Need to finish tidying my room, hover the stairs, eat, shower, fake tan, nails and get ready all before 7 = never gonna happen
still need to finish unfollowing people
After I finish doing what I need to do here today, I hope time starts to go by slow.
Maybe head down to the Salisbury for the bell toll (need to get my New Year's kiss!) Then when those guys finish work at like, 4am...
i need to finish packin im no where near finish
Up early. Need to finish packing. Looks like chains are required on all the passes. Should be a fun travel day.
I need to finish the pictures... today...
I Need To Be Finish By 1 o'clock So I Can Leave In Time
Need to finish this game off!
Before 2011 ends, I need to finish watching all the twilight saga movies! Haha it's better to be late than never xD teheee
I think it's to record some music. Need to finish the song I started last week. Morning ya'll...
Slept in again!!!!  Need to finish cleaning up the house for another Christmas tomorrow.
I need a haircut but I don't finish work until 6... There's going to be a super doooooper que
Think that I need to finish the last day of this year w/ the fourth cup of coffee of today...
On my way home bout to finish washing clothes and clean! Everything need to be clean for the new year!
Ugh, I need to get excited for NYE celebrations!  Hoping my mood changes after I finish 2 big items off my to do list.
Guess I can head home...I need to finish cleaning && washing
although i wld love 2 watch fireworks in e Spore Flyer Cabin, I guess there are other important things that I need to finish up b4 hols end.
Need to start thinking about food. How to proceed, when to proceed and..oh I can't be bothered to finish this tweet. So dreadfully dull...
I need to hurry up and finish washing my clothes
But ima need someone to help me finish all this liq
Life is need plans. Make the plan A B C till you stop delaying time to finish your previous  plan.
I need to finish cleanin this rm so I can take a nap..not excited for the putukan but for the conti's choco overload sittin on d fridge
I need to finish cleanin and washin!!!
I need to finish my art i'm being re-graded next week, shit.
my classmate isnt replying & i seriously need to finish this project//we are suppose to make a powerpoint presentation & idk d lesson
This is not easy. Need to finish this before 12.
yes i need to finish up all my chores before another year arrives orz
Need to finish getting ready. *sigh* *dunwannago* I've had way too much of giant family outings lately.
Niggas work tomorrow at 7 again, plus I need to finish this music video for tomorrow's release. No distractions today.
Can't wait for tonight? I need to hurry up and finish this shit kmt
Nahhh Now I really need to start and finish this essay on Ibuprofen I've been stalling for too long
I just need to finish my master plan and rob this bank....
Need to finish my Extended Research Paper SOOON!!!!!
need to finish all projects before it's too late, only 2 days left for finals ;(
But before I get all mushy, I need to finally do all the articles I've been wanting to finish since forever.
I bout to get out this room I was suppose to be out lmao...I need to finish writing this damn song...slacking
wow the last day of the year...... need to finish it in style
They should finish this wedding I need to do something important
Shit, I seriously need to finish up reading the chapters. ._.
Right I need to jump off twitter & go read the rest of Save the cat. Best book on screenwriting I've vowed to finish this book before 2012.
I really need to finish all my coursework today or tomorrow. With I had the motivation to do it though :/
I seriously need to finish doing my graduation announcements..
i just need to finish annexes 5, 6 and 7 and i'm done with this shit
need to catch up on tv? cajj. need to finish thus book cajj?
Done with Christmas.  Cards down, tree outside, needles hoovered.  Now just need to finish the chocolates.
Need to finish the twilight series and house night series so I can read the glee series :)
been a half decent year to be fair, just need to get wasted tonight to finish it off
Need to finish up posting my pics on caption of the day. Got sidetracked last night.
ARGH!! Didnt finish my Church hw!! Just touch a little but only!! I dunno need to do which pages whatt!! Scared get scolded!! TT__TT
Up early! Lots of chores to finish before the New Year, plus I need to get groceries for snacks 2nite :)
Ready to go home! Need to finish cleaning and cook...
Is the gym open today? I need to run to walmart too.. But I just want to finish the hunger games. This tweet is brought to you by ADD..
I need 2 more haters to finish the year off strong, my 'hater quota' @ 100%.. I hope my ladies dresses on POINT tonite cuz I need the help!
I need to finish this app and then I'll do some extensive 2k training
I consider myself a crayon. I may not be your favorite color, but someday You´ll need me to finish your picture
Need to finish washing clothes
I really need to get out of bed and finish off my coursework
Need to finish the cleaning then think about getting ready for tonight!
Decorating my room and realised I need about 5-6 big posters to finish it off and ALOAD of small ones.... :(
Still working on it all I need to do is finish painting 2walls
Can't wait to see the Arsenal game ! We need the 3 points to finish this year in a good way !
I did my hair, now I'm back in bed. I need to finish getting ready for work. I'm in complete denial I have clients!
need to finish this essay it's doing my head in!
I need to finish my LA journal. *Dies*
“@HLB5 I need sum sex to finish ma yr off....”
I need to finish my psych stuff tonight! Can't focus. Ugggh.
I need to: shower, shop, clean & tidy, bake, paint my nails, pick an outfit. But first I need to finish this coffee.
huhhhh....som wat finished wit maxpayne2....hope to finish it by tmrw....now guys i need to hav som food n rest gotta go nw..#MaxPayne3
Kids all swum out... Need to finish moving office round then Costa or starbucks... :-)
Need to finish shopping now. Time is ticking !!!
need to finish my work before next year~~><
Still need to finish my poster for the tour!
need to read 'an inspector calls' for eng lit, finish off some art and revise for eng lang and maths exams before i go back to school..
Really need to finish my tattoo, done the twinkles now I need the fairy, hmm.
Now I just need to fill in the Wayne's World picture + finish off my 2011 'best of the rest' and the year is complete.
For the 12 I need to drink more milk nd water slow down on the liquor  been stopped the squares nd finish wat I start I promise
I need to do research for my essay on contemporary gothics, finish the rest of my contextual studies and write up all my stuff for 2D/3D.
NY resolutions, swim the 5 outdoor swims (top 15 finish in at least 1) push myself to become a better rugby player and... Need one more.
Got threw overnite now I just need to finish strong and I'm still not tired
Yahuuuuuu, last 2 tweet before new year (2012) \(^o^)/ I almost finish that stuff... I only need 1 more to finish my goal for twitter hehehe
i need to finish dling ... but my connection is crappy!
I need to finish my other half sleeve asap I've been slacking
Okay, need to finish my new year's resolution. I have like 5. Better get this done. Bye, bitchachos! I'll try to be back later. ;)
i need to actually attempt to finish my assignment
Tuesday back to school I need to finish that work
Liverpool made me very happy last nite, just need Exeter to finish the year with a win today! Come on you Reds, you can do it!!!!! :)
I still need to revise tons and finish off some homework waaaaaah it's not fair :(
Need to finish off my cupcakes then i can begin getting ready for tonight! Eeeeeek <3
Need my gran to text me back!! She needs to take me too morrisons or something when I finish at 5 :(
need to order 3rd bottle of fat burner & stat gym asap once finish last class of the sem.
Nice to see youth on the bench but we need to finish this year strongly. A mauling of Blackburn would've helped set the tone for new year.
Ok I'm gonna try and work my way through the last few films I need to watch to finish my films of the year list.
really close to given up with half of these assignments, going to need a miracle to finish three of them in the next 2-3 week. dear god.
I need to finish the damn drawing for byou's bday
According to my Dad I need to invest in some 'jodphur boots' to finish off my 'hunter look'.
CRoc06 yea been trying to look but i really need 2 finish school 1st! Cause most off these jobs out l9WfDj
Made up lists. Just need to finish packing bags and Lance so I can leave on Tuesday.
Need to finish restoring my bike before school starts.
Reading -_- I need to finish it so I could buy the prison of azkban am dying to read it
Fuck can't go to sleep need to finish movie haha xDD
Ok I need to finish The Perks Of Being A Wallflower it's amazing
I need to finish writing this down before new year strikes but ugh...
before focusing on MBC LIVE, I need to finish at least one assignment ^^+
Just need to finish a update for the tablet and I'll be on my way ...
Can you just go out when I need to finish my task, huh? Can YOU, unconsent and galau? (˘̩̩̩_˘̩ƪ)
No gym today but nearly time for fresh air and a walk. Just need to finish watching Beyonce on channel 4. Truly spectacular, what a woman!
I still need to finish that vid of sunny's english....
About to finish my last and hardest track of 2011! Think I dont need fireworks with this kickdrums :)
Need to finish this project like omg.
Fuck all y'all.. I need to finish the year strong.. so I'm on the free way headed to work! Lol
happy i finish at 3 but need to do so much when i get out! shops, home, nap, print off stiff for vocational then get ready for tonight ;D
At midnight is when I finish 1 of 3 sets so I need to get ready and prepare this bible app on iPhone 
Last day of work at my job I still don't know when I need to work at this other place till they finish building our store back smh
Didn't get much done today+ I'm not tired, but since I need to like...finish cleaning and cook forever tomorrow, going to bed. NIGHT TWITTER
Keep putting off my essays I need to finish oMg
iPhone 5 going come out next year around the time my contract finish :) so I just pick that phone no need to think alr :)
Im so excited I cannot sleep. Guess being up this early is good though, I still need to finish packing -_-
YARGHHH! Have to get ready but need to finish Catching Fire!! Peeta and Katniss have to go back in the Hunger Games:O
aaah! i really need to get ink for my computer so i can finish the Sophie fanbook!
Please may my followers RT this. I only need 6 more followers to get to 100, it'd be a good way to finish 2011. :)
I need to finish this damn book!!
Need to finish my prayer requests for tonight
need to finish learning korean lol im still stuck at the monday tuesday wednesday blahblah
Ohnooo, i need to finish everything na . :| =))) Not yet done with my hws. Mehe ._.
I need to finish washing o
still need to finish tidying up my room but i'm going to rest for a bit now.
I really need to hurry up & finish driving school. I've been loafting a lot.
Here at Chateau Royale :) sitting here all alone just because I need to finish episode 8
Need to finish my goal... 1k tweets leggo XD
need to finish all my assignment.! lol
finish my what i need to do before 2011 list. time to sleep & enjoy this last day.
need to finish this now or no JCD tonight. uh
damnnnnn, need to finish this one coursework but idunno where to begin :/
need to finish some errands :) LELS
I really need to b sleep gota get up early to finish dis house for dis house party
I need to really finish my speech. I need to remember .
Then she gon tell me..."wat yu need to do.." before she cud finish I said "yu aren't my supervisor so wat yu need to do is gt out my face!
just need to finish the post and then I will aim for a new Sonicomi ending. .This time I won't fail even when I have to play until midnight
Still up...guess I'll finish season 3 of Dexter then...need to catch up
I need to finish this book by Wednesday but it's just so fucking boring
I can't I need to finish it it's almost done lol RT“PartTimeIdiot: DeadlyCyn187 put the bottle down p3Y
Got my fancy dress on right now but I need to finish it, guys it looks so good :')
Bakemonogatari Torrent, go! Sure, I already have like 5 series downloaded I need to finish, but anyways!
Downloading classics! Ang dami I need a full week to finish them. Having said that, I need my leaves!!! :P
Just got to the library need to finish this work then I'm off to see my grandad at hospital then BRING ON NYE!!! Gonna be BANGING!!! :D
bai forreals, plate due on 6th january hihihi need to finish it asap
Guna finish watching the big bang theory then start the day, need to try and get some revising done
Need to finish my grandfather's mind maps by tonight.
"For the team it was great to finish it on a high and now we need to push on, keep building and putting up a good fight for the top 4" - SG
I kinda need to finish this brew and lay down
Just finish washing the car now need to clean the inside leather and dashboard
sakit ng ulo ko. Tried to finish "Written on the Body" in one day. Can't. May one more hour reading it will do. but I need rest. :))
Having a brew and some toast before I finish the kitchen. Very nearly done, just need to hoover the kitchen and front room. Then upstairs!!
Gahh!!!  I need to finish this I got this!
wtf the show starts at 7:15 JST OMG I NEED TO FINISH MY CHORES
6pm na pala! Last 6 hours of 2011. I need to finish this book. Last two chapters! :)
...until I finish writing 'Gender', as it will be too much of a distraction, but I do now need to read 'The Land of Heart's Desire' by Yeats
OKAY I'M EXCITED FOR 2012. I think I've done what I need to finish by this year..
I need to finish my work in order to feel better and enjoy the rest of the holiday.
I want to be your crayons. I might not be your favorite color, but one day you'll need me to finish your drawing. :)
Which means I need to finish my homework tonight :). Getting excited for OGL camp too
I need to finish watching 'Because I Said So' before I go to bed. I forgot how much I love that movie! I hate some of the outfits Diane
I need to finish cleaning my room tomorrow, and I don't feel like it. Wah :/
3 things I need to do in 2012; Pass my driving test, Get a job and Finish uni with a 2:1!
sobrang hinahabol ang oras!!! need to finish work asap! asap! asap! want to spend the evening with my family! ;o
Wellp. Ima call it a night. Gotta be up early so i can finish this n be able to party later on. Its lookin good tho. I just need to sit  ...
The only reason I'm up this late is because I'm procrastinating on a project that I need to finish tjsw
stayed up till 4 just so i could finish the book. i wish stores were open right now cause i need to read the next one!
need to finish up yoochun's junsu's, the making and the special.. OTL AND I NEED TO STREAM SOME MORE. MY LIFE IS SO COMPLICATED.
I need sum sex to finish ma yr off....
Im finish now , lol . He said stop so I am no need to add gasoline to the fire , I be over shit .
Oh my god i need to finish this essay today, its hanging over me like a black cloud!!
Is seriously need to finish my homework! :/
My uncle need to finish downloading season 2 of 90210! Since I aint got plans for this 3 day weekend.
Oh, and i need to finish m'hair,
This year has gone so quick! Last day of 2011. I want to finish this year with 100 followers, just need 2 more!
I need to finish this poem and this song ive been writting
things I need to do tomorrow: get up at a decent hour, clean bunny cage, finish resume/cover letter, charge phone, CHEAP CHAMPAGNE
I think I'll work on "Charles's Interlude" and finish it later. I(t) need(s) to be done.
Well lots going off today. Football wise anyway. I also need to finish the book I'm reading so I can start on my christmas presents :)
I'm gonna start when I finish all missed assignments that I need to make up in order to pass an "incomplete" class in order 2 truly graduate
My feet are cold but I need to finish writing.
Can't decide what to do with my car. I hate being so indecisive. I need to finish school and find a damn Job already.
only 11 more episodes, then five more seasons until I finish one tree hill! i need to finish by Jan 11th for season nine ~_~
I need to finish thinking.
I'm so tired.. I'm just sitting on the egde of the bed too lazy to get up to finish what I need to be doing
I need to finish reading 'the girl who played with fire' today.
And she's up, feeling somewhat better :) need to clean my room ready to start a fresh for 2012 & then off to town to finish off this outfit!
I really wanna finish watching this movie but then again, I need to go to sleep
Still working on this last day of the year. I need to finish all content. Web designers are waiting. :)
Still an hour before kouhaku start. I need to finish my study before that.
I have to be up in 4 hours, at work in 5....tomorrow is going to be a loooong day! Need to finish wrnWqVC
I need to be going to sleep! But I have to finish talking to my best friend and him first!
Off for the whole weekend! Need to catch up on some DLC and finish up some games
Ppl told me that I don't need to see Roots...if I didn't finish watching Rosewood, them I don't need to see Roots
Need to finish the things that are still on my resolution list !
Im not feeling good... Need to finish these dishes
This shit need to finish so I can slumber for about 5hrs
I need to finish my painting. I only procrastinate when I have deadlines lol
I need to stop balling so I can finish this book. Oh Dexter Mayhew.
I'm FINALLY caught up in ecommerce and I'm almost done with my AP literature project..halfway done with the novel I need to finish by Monday
somedays i just want to..... do i rreeeealy need to finish this sentence. fuck u too mom
I need to do something spectacular later on today. I want to finish off the year with me getting arrested or something..
I need some paper to finish my homework I ran out so sad im tearin up
finish watching ahhhh i need to go cnblue concert
I really need to work on my PWS today, only 10 days left to finish it
oh my god, i need to finish my science thing!
Need??? Go head and finish the sentence,  I like helping ppl... I might be able to help you lol
He need to hurry && finish play that game so we can go !!!
I didn't finish my LT... but she need to leave me alone
Shit Kristian reminded me I need to finish stippling that octopus thing omfg this is horrible.
Need to get the moving truck ready and finish packing up all my stuff!
“@_HoopDreams_ I got homework that I need to finish before we go back to school.”
"@_HoopDreams_: I got homework that I need to finish before we go back to school."
We all need to finish the race and keep the faith
I got homework that I need to finish before we go back to school.
My little brother need to go to bed so ii can finish playing madden .. lol
I need to finish my work before Wednesday ..
ugh rollin need to finish this damn game so  we can go to  bed
Me tired. So night night, hopin to get up early to read my book (which btw I need to finish soon) anyeongg!
Well, when i need to finish reading the last book of the hunger games start on the next book i got from my mother's friend and then lib book
Why am I even tryna finish this right now if I have to get up early in the morning? I need to hit my bed.
We just got finish doin that time to take a break & chill! We know even you need to take breaks sometimes so let us tweet in peace!
"@Brent_thtD1_CF9: Darren need to be in a deep sleep but I drew a lil bit on his head I jus gotta finish it" -- we have 2.
Now in nueva ecija... Waaa!! Still need to finish my assignments.. Oh no!!
Darren need to be in a deep sleep but I drew a lil bit on his head I jus gotta finish it
I need to finish cleaning my car before midnight.
about to play MW3 but i need to finish this game first.
I thought im done w/ it, i still need to add 6 more template to finish my timetable. Timetable is undeniably time consuming.
Good morning ^^ .... Ok gonna write hat fanfic (again)  I need to finish it goddamn xD...
- lol , part 2 was live af tonight tho , me & jaye need to finish that .
Fuck la printer dont' do this to me I need to finish my English
barnoldt Yes we did! However, you  will need to tune in earlier than that! I finish at 5am :)
Okay I need to go finish my Just Dance 3. My remotes should be charged now.
i gotta pee sooooo bad but i just need to finish this one little thing !!!!
I need to finish Hillians project.
I need to finish my work soooon..have to go to the beach !
I need to stay awake to finish this soup for tomorrow. But im having a hard time...hi every1! Lol
I need to finish my hw /;
It's super late already! Gosh, I need to finish my videos
aahh need to finish COO before i can leave the house.
Me needing to get something done 4th qtr is no excuse for you to wait until today to get me what I need to finish! Quit slacking!
Oh, I need to finish the last three episodes of Terra Nova. Hmm. And also Burn Notice. And fifty other shows.
I really need to finish volumes 7-10 because I've just been procrastinating for days now.
Fruit's Basket 8D I... need to finish that manga LOL
She need to get out the shower and finish this food
Yep! great reads. I need to finish this trilogy first before I compare“@sdotscott18: Have you read the girl with the dragon tattoo series?!”
man I for got about drama finals ! I need to finish memorizing my lines but I think i got this.
Finish my room, I just need to mop but ehhh that's tomorrows worry not nows
need to finish cleaning my room, ill leave that for tomorrow!
I need to go home and finish these sweatshirts
I need to get off tumblr, finish my books and get back to Gossip Girl.
I am so tired. Had a long day but still need to finish my laundry my house is clean
Hell...I have 11 days to finish reading Poltergeist before I have to return it to the library. Need to read faster.
Happy NYE tweeters..finish work at half 2 then off for 4 days!! I defo need to catch up on my sleep! Looking forward to tonight :D xx
Need to qo home. Gotta finish dis last drink doe !!
Omg. Gabby's fanfic. >.> I still need to finish that. xD
Ant need to hurry up and finish that film cause that preview look shitty.
i need to finish my left half sleeve cuhz my right one is beast
I need to finish this physics book today.
Sooo ima just like leave twitter and let all yall horny asses finish...I need to take a shower now
But I Need To Finish This First
You shit, you finish, you wipe, more shit, more wipe, another bit of shit and more wipe. Not the shit I need when I'm in a rush to leave.
....Mooooooooorning! ...need to finish some editing before I can chill out today.  What's everyone else got planned?
U dnt need plan B if u have a gud plan A"@Qamaludeen: Wen plan A fails, my plan B na to go back finish A"
I need to finish this book by mondaay & I'm not even at the end yet *siqh* Guess ill do some readinq :/
Need to finish my hair I hate pre curling my shit
Now just need to finish gwu and umd and then get fafsa/css stuff finished.
Dis bxtch need to hurry up n cum bck.! Shyt im trynna finish dis drank off.!
I need to set my priorities straight...lol I need to finish that book for english lol
Need to finish the book of Mathew before 2012 so today will finish reading that from my bible then church at 7pm
Taeyang interview.. So sweet... Gaaah. Let me spazz about it after I finish cleaning.. DAMN DAMN.. Need to hurry. HAHA
I finish at 12 today then I need to go home, get my stuff and head to the train station
i really do need to finish my drivers ed.
I need to finish my packin
I need to finish it tho
I need to finish my... thing. It'll bother me if I don't finish it.
All my twiggas need to be fucking up and ready, let's finish strong
I'm trying to have at least 3 lessons planned by tomorrow at 5 o'clock. I started all 3. I just need to finish them -_-
Shit. I really am at a loss for Physics.. I don't care manzzz. I need to finish it by today then tomorrow and Monday can study..
yoy I'm so sleepy I need to finish cleaning for new years  and then get ready for the party tomorrow night
Kylee is sleep finally now I need to finish cleaning my house.!
I need finish this task & go to sleep. I feel horrible.
I need to write.  Maybe finish this scene   *sigh*
When i asked these ppl if they need my help, they tell me to go drink kopi. When i come back, they still havent finish their work. Hais.
I consider myself like a crayon....I may not be your favorite color, but someday you'll need me to finish your picture.
I need to finish my hair, but I can't stop listening ti this song =D
I need to finish watchin my Sons of Anarchy!!!
Still up  ,  and I need to finish my hair tomorrow ! this is bad , I need to sleep
Honestly we need to forget all that happened in 2011 and just finish what we started
it's better if i stay up all night anyway, my dad is at work til early morning, and i need to finish these pictures
I hope I'm not unemployed for too long after I finish uni... I need structure to my days!!
I need to hurry up and finish my head
“@ChloeAldon: "@UptownBosses: I'm tired .. I need a massage" Take a hot bath n go to sleep” . .I just finish taking a shower
i need to go in and finish out the year hardworking
I'm so tired... But I need to finish
I left the house spotless for when my mommy gets home tomorrow, i just need to finish laundry & shower(:
Need to finish hw.. But dk how to do :/
Still have winter break hw to do :/ I need to read 2 books and finish an essay by Jan 3rd......#Shit
I need to get them shoes so I can finish my fit
Going home now. Lots of things to do! There's my 200 word review that I need to finish before 12 midnight.
I need to finish everything today.
Woo i need to hurry n finish my new years resolutions before 12midnight lol
I gate when ur reading a fanfic and the writer doesnt finish it! Like, I need to know what happens!! AHHH.
I really need to finish Breaking Bad
Goodnight. I need to wake up early to finish my book before the concert today.
"I only want for you to finish just to show them motherfuckers you don't need them." -Mom
I need to finish watching forgetting Sarah Marshall
sleepy :( but i need to finish cleaning first!
Need to finish getting ready for tonight. But I can do my makeup at Emma's.. Would that be rude?
I need this day to go so fast today. In all fairness a 3 o'clock finish isn't too bad.... Come on Blackburn!!
need to finish what i have,but I won't buy mac fluid eyeliner again.
I REALLY NEED TO FINISH SKYWARD SWORD, JESUS CHRIST...
Need To Finish My Work
Been gone since I been home need to finish strong..
Hope to finish the collection 2 basses, 3 guitars, one bass & one guitar amp. So far I need one bass, two guitars, & half an amp (bass cab).
i really need to finish my extra credit since i gotta go to my grandma house tomorrow..
The Girl Who Kicked The Hornets Nest  ...   i need to finish the damn book
I'm tired as fuck, but I need to finish this beat
i need to finish this damn movie though
RT"@AlysssaGraceee Well.. I still need to finish my outfit for tomorrow" i still neeed one.
I really need to finish cuttin my hair
These pies need to finish. My eyes are getting heavy.
Welcome back Stevie G, sorely missed hopefully we can finish in the top 4; we need to win the league!
went to whataburger and then HEB...getting some new music now! yay! Need to finish watching homework later.... psalm 126:5 :)
why am i still up!! i need sleep got to finish my tweets tomorrow......*wouldn't have to if i had my phone -___-
School need to hurry back up! I'm ready to finish this semester!!!
After tonight i need to get away.. Q bound after i finish my running around..
hahahahaha i need to go bathe now hahaha and then do finish my homework!!
Who are you telling??? RT "@UdokaAnugwo Rihanna need to go finish that "birthday cake".. Lol "
I really need to finish my hair *grabs flat iron in depressed manner* :\
Rihanna need to go finish that "birthday cake".. Lol
Clean finish le ! Woots ! 245 need to bath and then pack my baggy !! ^^
I need to finish making my shoe rack  and mirror !
Still need to finish my sleeve
Ooooh and I wrote a blog post on why good guys finish last but I just need to find a picture and publish it.
i need to finish my hair....
Watched Limitless, that was good.. Need to finish friends with benefits but managed to do my nails
I need to go to bed but everybody loves raymond is on. I have to finish this episode.
Gotta go tlk to my advisor to c wat I need to finish up in my career...
need to stay home today and finish up all my chores.
reading my kakao later orz i need to finish downloading this and it'll take a long time ;A; WHY CAN'T THIS 2G MULTITASK FU
Okaaay enough tumblr, I need to finish my room!
what a boring weekend...need to read a lot of journals to finish my thesis...
i need to finish cleaning my room. but i don't wanna
finally done! now I just need to kill 15-20 minutes while i wait for the rest of my laundry to finish. I'm never leaving these reports again
So sleepy! Cannot wait to finish work so I can have a nap! Need more sleep :(
IT HAS A GOOD ENDIND, HOLY SHIT, I need to finish reading it, now.
Dam this hoe need to stfu so he can finish and do mine
this game takin for ever Oklahoma need to finish them
Need sum to finish ma night off :)
Need to finish up this post, but my legs keep distracting my body to kitchen in search for snacks.
:p i NEED TO FINISH THE PROJECT .......
100 pages left! i need to finish this book b4 2012!
Oh My Gawd. Twitter stop being so addicting! I need to finish my story!
Wow the coyotes started 2011 with a game in minnesota and finish 2011 with a game in minnesota. Need a big win to ring in the new year
Really need to finish my history hw though.
Need to finish shopping tomorrow for my new years outfit!
I need to finish getting ready!
I need to sleep, but I want to finish Vietnam series and I still has4 parts to go through :(
No need to finish watching game bull win
I'm lack of sleep and I need to sleep now but I'll finish up the drama first :)
Best way to finish a Newcastle trip - Moroccan eggs at 3 Monkeys. I need to find eggs that good in Brisbane.
Need to finish a project tomorrow morning so Imma head off to bed. Night monsters xx
Apparently, Amy Winehouse and almond joy lattes at 1 in the morning are what I need to finish my effing articles.
I Need To Finish This Script..Errrrrr..Being A Writer Isn't Hard But It Is Not Easy Either!!
butt I need to finish Mass Effect 2 (then replay it) seeing as how I'm almost done with it as well
Hey, what else do I need to do to finish expo?  .This, and this.  .Can you do it while you're standing around?
Okay , I really need to finish this essay so I'm out ✌
Time to get down to business. Need to finish the rest of my packing or science camp.
No new years resolutions jus what need to b done! Get money, manage money better, lose weight dtfs tho , stay focused && finish school
Uhm I might watch that movie again idk...I need to finish making my eff'n ringtones
Hand Cramps Bitch! I need to finish before 4pm.
Nice people always finish last. I need to change my attitude
Need to finish my assignments fast. D:
I need to finish tying up strings
hmph ... i need somebody to finish my work while im at work lol
Srsly need to finish these notes. 3 LONG chapters to go ):
I need to finish doin this task
I need to try and finish this presidents project
Okay I need to find another movie to watch now. I think I'll just finish the Hurt Locker from last night
It's 1:00am.. Need to finish last season of How I Met Your Mother.. Challenge accepted..
Bulls need to just finish em off.
honestly, i might not even go out tomorrow night. i got BIG work i need to finish first.
Said I was going to finish decorating my room WHEN I 1ST MOVED HERE lol but ima finish it my lil apartment all I need is a bathroom up here
Yeah, I need to finish this blunt and go to bed... FUCK all this nonsense -__________-
Anyeong! *waves* I still need to finish my ramen and then practice my heart out! *bows 90 degrees* This never gets old! *waves*
ugh need to finish my hw
the bulls need to go ahead and finish the game off
Def don't need to finish this drink or tweets are gone get XXX-Rated lol
5 hrs until I wake up to travel back to KC. Need to finish packing and shower. Cut that shit close!
Even though the Lakers don't need to finish first to win the chip
But I'm glad I'm finally going back. I left college for over a year to have my son and get back on track. Now I need to finish!
waking up at 7 am tomorrow to finish everything i need to get done before I leave for peru..guess thats a productive way to end the year
holy fuck i need to finish my winter packett:(((((
She need to hurry up an finish retwisting my shit she blowing me idc if its free
My bulls need to just go ahead and finish this off
bulls are doing work!! need to finish these clippers off, GO BULLS!
Dey need to hurry up and finish dis game.
trying my best to finish all my bio notes todaaay! so i can review for the test when i need to ..
I really need to finish cleaning my room so I can see my floor & sleep in my bed.
Im getting that Scholarship.. lord knows I want it.. i need to finish those 2 pages & Getting My Grades Up before The End of Next month.
I really need to finish cleaning up
I need to finish reading Scott Pilgrim!
I'm so screwed.. my lab is due the day school starts.. I haven't started. I need to finish reading my novel =( too much crap to do.
Bulls need to jus keep this lead and finish this game!
I only need one person to help me finish with these clothes so I kan KO!
Just woke up.. I need to finish my homework today... :X
"@forretcrazy: argh. need to read the book finish in order to know what happened in details."
Everybody follow deez nuts! It'll get u millions of followers (u need a microscope to see'em tho). Tweet me "done" when u finish
Shake a leg *n word!* "@Mz_Blaq_Beauty: Need to finish packing..but I'm dawg tired!"
“@PrettyAirelle12 Not tryna have spider webs man. I need some cuddie” LOL Ill b home tomorrow to finish hittn that on the regular.
All I need is someone to kiss at midnight, to finish off an amazing year. <3
I need to finish watching Scarface i got a lil sidetracked yesterday
Paul, Williams, Jordan, and griffin need to be the ones to finish this game.
In order to finish organizing my closet, I need to buy 70 more black hangers. Haha!
Need to finish packing..but I'm dawg tired!
Gettin sleepy but I need to finish watchin this game
It takes me at least 4 hours to finish a large drink from Wendy's..I need to start downgrading. :P
alright we need more than rose ro put a strong finish to this game
Trying to finish college applications and need only 1 more better go to sleepz
I need to finish my tramp stamp
I need to finish all these fucking journal's before Sunday so I can enjoy what's left of the holidays.. Jheeze.
I really need to finish reading to kill a mockingbird
Chris Paul is giving the ball right where it need to be his teammates won't finish for shit
Loving the hunger games! Wanna keep reading, but I need to get some sleep. Can't wait to finish and then go see the movie when it comes out!
Holding up the tbell line bc u need to finish a tweet
Yooo I need to finish watching Spartacus.. wtf am I watching this Beyonce performance where she shows her belly.. grrr
Need bulls to finish the 4th strong
if its gon end imma need it to let me finish my first season of college ball first lol
argh. need to read the book finish in order to know what happened in details.
I need to finish this song
I need to finish one thing before I start another .
Need to finish my schoolworks!!
This week I have to finish my room for the charity event drop off. I need all of this mess out of my room
Damn im tired of talkin bout this shit they need to finish this mixtape!!
damn im gone already i need one moe blunt to finish the nite off with
i need to finish school and move already.
Need to finish this dumb book -_____-
I need to be done my hair before church tomorrow..but my eyes are burning so im goin to sleep..Ill finish in the am
But I NEED to finish cleaning up
I need to wake up early pin curl my hair and finish straightening up my house. Why am I so damn domesticated?!
I need to complete my requests so I can finish my fics.
I need to finish my 2011 goal b4 its to late.
i need someone to help me finish the magazines on my wall or it'll never get done -___-
Shit! i need to finish getting my room straight since i won't be home at all this weekend
I need to finish packin and then do my hair ... And I gotta wake up like 630 lol I mite as well stay up
i need to start laundry sooner... that way i'm not up waiting for it to finish all damn night!
Look at me when you lie to me.... So I can slap the shit out of you when you finish... I need you to see it coming..#NoBullShit
Today finish geog, history and math. Shit i need to get graph paper.
Bulls just need to finish off the clippers already..getting tired
omg I need to finish my cheesy I love you guys so much omg 2011 was a great year post
damn i need to finish my sleeve
good night everyone. I've got applications to finish and finally send off in the morning and I guess I need rest for that to be successful.
*draw* *draw* *draw* need to finish the art trade i owe people XD!!~
She said I need to put out that stanky ass blunt and talk to her so I kicked her out the car told her id be back when im finish...
I need to find somethin to finish this night
When I finish reading a good book, I take a few days off before starting the next one. I need time to digest a novel like a good meal
I need to finish washing my clothes but I'm finally getting sleepy
In order to finish my collection of Daken, I'd need to get 8- 15. That would be, like, 40 bucks. So, I won't be getting that for a while.
I need to finish my sleeve already -_-
These clothes need to hurry n finish drying.. I'm bout to pass out over here!
I need to finish this homework yo fml
I really need to finish my damn hw or else I am going to explode!!
I need to finish watching Jay and Silent Bob
Facebook DONE! Twitter DONE!.  Now we need to finish our GooglePlus Page and Google Business Apps.
I need to finish cleaning like asap..
im home alone & bored asf! i guess i need to finish these apps
This thing need to hurry up and finish downloading !
I still need to finish the 3rd book.
I need to clean the kitchen and finish folding my clothes.
.need more company to finish my movie night.
It looks like th break is over :( one weekend left and yet somehow i still need to finish my anatomy project. Im such a slacker!
Ok so this the second time I have dropped my phone in the tub I might need to stop tweeting till I finish
but i need to finish my toes for tomorrow! but im sooo tired is ridiculous!
I need to force my behind to bed knowing I gotta work @ 9 then finish moving then get ready to COUNTDOWN TO THE NEW YEARRRR 5..4..3..2..1
I need to stop playing xbox & finish these tracks
I really really really need to finish this college essay .
I need to go to sleep but i want to finish this game
I need to finish writing about 2011 before it actually ends!
I need to finish writin collage
Need to finish packing...I always wait for the last minute
Half asleep... but gonna shoot off to get groceries and last minute stuff. Need to finish that and come home and spring clean
I just need this one person to finish off 2011!!!!!
I need to finish the Filipino project and SS note taking soon.
I need some birthday sex to finish my nite off.....with a bang!!
i need to finish my nails!!!!!
"@ShaneCarwin: Cowboy is going to need to finish this fight 2 rounds for Nate"
Im sorry, BROOKE, but i need to finish my story!
Cowboy is going to need to finish this fight 2 rounds for Nate
I need to finish this movie and I will with my subway
I need to finish sending my number out
need to finish gettin my stuff together but im tired
need to finish the whole 1B Chinese workbook today! I'm still at page 12.
I need to finish this wine & go to bed to stop the  thoughts
oh my gosh ~ .i need to finish my report before 13:00 . shit goddamned civic education introduction
Need to finish my short story by today .
My tailor threw a fit. Will need to find a new tailor to finish Darth Nihilus. Any suggestions?
I really need to finish cleanin&&move jrs toys in his room!!!
Bulls need to finish the half strong
Im a top student me, staying up till 5am to finish a essay that does't need to be in till wednesday
I really need to finish "A Dance with Dragons." And then go back and read all the blogged commentary I skipped over.
So I'm sleepy & I've got to finish a video that I have not started bc I am creatively clogged! Jesus...help little ol' me! I need to pray...
Time to get busy, Need to finish organizing my room!
I consider myself like a crayon.; I may not be ur favorite color...but one day you will need me to finish ur picture.
need to finish these lollies then not eat anymore of months.
They need to finish playing. I'm anxious and I feel too empty to stay here.
I need to hurry anf finish my common ap... Ugh I just can't wait to get my acceptance letter and financial aud estimate and be finito!:-)
Gotta go. still need to finish playing Infinity blade II. ;)
I NEED TO FINISH THESE CRACKERS.
Wolves played great! Rubio is just duuurty! We just need to finish..
I need this pizza to hurry up and finish. I'm so hungry.
What book will be next?! I can't decide!!  I need to finish TheWedding by Nicholas Sparks but I'm feeling more into Christian Inspiration!
She Made My Day She Just Need To Call Me So We Can Finish This Convo
UGH! I NEED TO FINISH CHAPTER 3!!!!! I need some ideas or....something :(
i really want to watch other series but i have lots of things to do...hmmp.. .i need to finish our take home exam...
im in my room dancing i need to finish my hair
I need to finish 2011 being oc
Finish watching junsu. Next is yoochun but i need to shower 1st.. hhaha
my bed is calling me...but my nephew has taken over...i need to finish their room...smh where am i gonna sleep? lol the floor?
Start writing again.. Need to finish my annual review before 6.
I need to finish my hair nd stop laofin
PP3 DOWN! Specialization na. Need to finish it this day. 18 days nalng pasahan na for design and i haven't even started yet..
hollywood solo felt good. gonna try to finish an album tomorrow and make flyers about what kids need to know!!!!!!!!
I need to finish either West of Jesus or The Ocean and its Wonders before 2011 comes to an end.
I NEED TO FINISH WASHN BUT THT TRAP DOOR IS FUCKN DANGEROUS!!!
Waiting to finish the Soap commercial in my Stardom A-list app. Anticipation I need to get status of D list celeb so I can be in a movie
I need to finish this project :/
Tomorrow i really need to finish my homework
Need to finish this year in style
Cry as hard as you need to, but when you finish, make sure you never cry for the same reason again. . . .i cant stop </3
i would rather finish season 2 of gossip girl..... but i need to leave these 4 walls.
Oh my god I think I might be getting sicker by the second what the heck this pounding and heat and I still need to finish college essays. :(
need to finish of the game thing. sian la :(
I really need to find a signal so I can finish setting up babe's iPad. I can't do anything but take pics right now...
Need to finish this now..
I really need to finish 1Q84 omfg. I gotta finish it by the time I get back to school. rsjbsituaehdf;ksdjzhfaiekfsdzcnlsdkv
I need to finish my hair and take my ass to bed.
I Need To Finish My Wall
*ROAR* need to faster finish thn get out of house to meet Jun Ji'!
I want to go back to sleep but I need to finish these pies. Not to mention I have hella clothes to fold.
I need to stop being lazy and finish washing my shit !
She Need To Press "Play"  So We Can Finish Watchinn This Moviee ,!
Need to finish cleanng the house then will attend Church mass at 3 for tita liza's birthday!
i need to finish this book project but temple run and twitter is too tempting.
Lol I just need to finish my hair.
How many hours to go before Year 2012?? :D I need to finish everything before New Year comes! ((:
I Need To Finish My Hair . But CSI Just Keeps Getting Better
I need to finish my hair but ion feel like it
Need to see what's good after I finish getting loopy
Shee Need To Hurry Up And Finish My Hair !
I need to finish them packets bouta do it
I'm back home in Fremont.... x) Things I need to do: Fcking finish Driver's Ed. Finish the SS gift thing. Clean.
i need to finish putting these clothes up , Fr
I want sleep sleep sleep . Need to finish my homework fast so I could sleep !
need to finish my chest real soon
"@ChocolateyTroy: I don't think class of 2012 shud graduate.. they need to stay in hs until I finish college" lol why
Workout Time Is Over.. I'm Tired And I Have To Finish This Book.. I Need 2 Stop Doing Things At The Last Minute
My rooms getting cold time to move to the living room where the telly is :) need to motivate myself for another hr till i finish these notes
I don't think class of 2012 shud graduate.. they need to stay in hs until I finish college
I need to stop getting distracted and finish this draft art ! It needs to be perfect! so on that note, G'Night . ^.<3
Hawks win just need the Bulls to finish the night!
“@GiusepinaPacher: WOOT just applied to university! At least i accomplished SOMETHING before the new year ...” yeah i need to finish that:/
For the new year I'm gonna lose the weight I gained over the holidays n go back to college n stay n finish this time. Need a brighter future
We need this win to finish this year out on a strong note against army up at west point.
want to go to my tumblr...but can't. I need to finish. *sigh* I sound like a broken record. I do get good news updates on tumblr though.
Need To Go Finish My Movie .!
I really need to finish reading this book.
I keep looking at my watch because I still need time to shower and finish cleaning my room and upload. It makes me feel like Jack Bauer.
i need to finish toning my legs--somebody motivate me! :(
I'm so tired!!! But I need to finish this essay!!
i need to finish reading this book , i been slacking lately !
sixers need to finish this game strong
Oomf need to call me back so we can finish arguing lmao nakia
I want to drink tonight, but I need to let this dayquil finish killing my cold
I need to go back to palam like asap to finish up all my assignments.
Our trials and sufferings expose our true feelings toward God. They highlight where we need to heed correction, so we can finish the race.
I figured out what to get to finish my half sleeve......now I need sumthin for my back so I can be done
Also need to finish Of The End before March >.< Last year was not my year for importing games T_T
I need to finish my website for class tonight! Smh
I need to finish all School work today
If I yawn one more time, I will slap myself in the face. I NEED TO FINISH NANO.
I need to finish what I start
Can my grandma go up stairs. I NEED to finish Happry Potter THIS YEAR!
For anyone asking...I am delaying my Universe blog until the site is moved to a new host or paid on current host, need to finish DL some CC.
The one upside is, yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was awesome. The book's on my list, just need to wait for my mom to finish it.
Ugh I need to finish these two pages or the anarchists will get me.
I need someone to help me finish this food -___-
Finally getting a chance to flip through the DC manga I picked up in LA weeks ago. *sighs* So need to finish that Yui/Kansuke/Koumei fic...
I need ah male that can sing or rap to help me finish my song(sss)
Last game of the year. We need to finish on a high note. Preferably E.
I still need to finish a walk to remember with boo.
People that put a post on facebook saying their new year's resolution is to quit facebook. Well, I don't need to finish this tweet.
I will go bed around 4am. Just need to finish my night snack. Nutella on toast <33333
If It Wasn't For God . . . No Need To Finish The Rest .
I need to finish reading Water for Elephants...
need to motivate myself to finish getting ready for the night
“@tamarasierraF: I need to finish the dishes so I can go to sleep..”>> you need to hit mine up too
Well I need to finish making these few binder covers for class..
I really need to stop procrastinating and draw these sketches or im never going to be able to finish this portfolio in time
I need to finish the dishes so I can go to sleep..
Need to finish these dishes so I can go downstairs and play dressup!
90-81 Dallas with 5:48 left in the game. Mavs will need to finish this one out with some consistent play on both ends.
I'll be here in a couple minutes. Need to finish something.
I need to finish inking  my body
Just wrote a deep lyric, need to finish writing this, mighg do it tomorro.
I need to finish writing this song!!!
I need to stop bs'n and finish this place up.
Ahh 2 more day school starts , how to finish T^T i need more time .
Danggg first OKC than The Heat Minnesota is getting good just need to finish
I need to finish my sleeve
I need someone to vent to. Not judge me. Not give me advice. Just to shutup and listen to me until I finish telling them everything.
Seriously need to finish decluttering my room. There is stuff everywhere!
When it comes to guys I'm always the one that says I understand. I need to stop being so damn nice. Nice girls always finish last smh
Tough first three games for the wolves! We are showing promise, but we need to finish. I also want to see more Beasley out there!
I'm planning to have my new story published on monday....so I need to atleast finish chapter 3 tonight....
just finish watching new moon, still wide awake need to get some sleep!
I need to finish one more good book before school and work starts again.
One day, I'm going to need 6 people who will help me eat a 54 in pizza .we'll get $1000 if we finish in 2 hours :3
Omg!!! I need to finish cleaning my room! Ayokong buong 2012 magulo ang room ko.
Going to sleep soon.. Its 04:25AM now and Im not really tired but I need to sleep.. Just gonna finish chapter 6 and then Im loggin off.. :P
Mavs need to finish it this quarter!
I need to behave myself.  Almost 24 hours for me to finish a promise to myself.
need to finish cleaning.
aight so lebron got it tied with clutch 3 point play...dwade pull up to take the lead...umm lets see how we finish this...we need a STOP
okay i need to finish up come on over so i can finish rm and watch videos of the cast from the awards show and watch this sj vid. okwe can
Cant wait til i finish paying off my laptop so i can start saving money 4 Las Vagas,The trip may be 10months away but i need a lot to blow
All i can think about is food ! my dadd need to finish cookin ! im gettin sad off this :(
miami yall need to go ahead and finish this game off!!
Lets go miami we tied up we need to finish them!!!
Need To Finish This Drink
I need to finish my painting
Up early - in training to return to day job in 5 days. Need to finish this chapter and send it over
I need to finish reading this book before scho starts next week
Teara need to finish her hair .
Need to get off twiitter have alot of things to do never going to finish bye.... For Now
Really need to finish this English project
Need to study.. 7feb will organize wedding, no time to study.. ._. Then, need to finish my assignments.. Hoah..
I Need Some Strippers To Finish These Last 2 Hours Of My Birthday ...
Need to get to lex mama party so I can finish getting turnt up!
I need to finish watching salad fingers
yalll need to send me a picture! "@SUCK_Mehh: Jusss Got Finish , Me & Zika Hair Look Good"
I need to finish this packet, Bbl.
I need to finish gettin ready tho
i need to finish my jhu application... but my laziness is off the charts right now.
i really need to finish boston legal before school starts or at least before any serious thing in school starts
2 papers I need to finish before semester starts. First, using Tarde's economic anthropology to diagram relation betw enthusiasm & know-how
I need some blues on deck to finish wit nd a perk...
Fitch need finish for I can watch main event before I go to Saitama.
Cry as hard as you need to, but when you finish, make sure you never cry for the same reason again.
Hungry da food need to hurry up n finish
after waiting for a movie to finish downloading and u ready to watch it it a say u need to download some effing player fi it ┌П┐(-_-) ┌П
Starting my homework, then once I finish most of the essay I need to finish learning my song.
I need these wolves to finish this game strong!
Wtf...this has been 3 episodes. All of them "to be continued" JUST FINISH IT ALREADY. I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS.
I need to finish wats left my bottle of Peach Ciroc :)
Feeling good. Just waiting on him to finish up! Need somebody to talk to!
Finish my official college essay today and my brother loved it so that's one thing checked off my list of college stuff I need to get done.
Still need to finish putting my things away /:
I need to finish this as soon as possible..
I need to finish these scrapbooks and hook up my DVD player. Than take a shower and blow dry my hair. All before I go to sleep
I really really need to finish these boosk before I have to return them, but I don't feel like reading..
Before we go back to school I need to finish reading We're Working Out, The illustrated Man, and beat God of War 2.
Gonna Upload the mix within an hour or so, just need to finish editing :P
Clair really need boyfriend take she to finish huh?
I need to finish the rest of my movies before 2012 gets here.
Hungry . Wanting to touch up my tattoo and still need to finish our room up
Bro need to finish top 4 so we can hop in dis cash game
Ok. I have to finish my current book today. And I need to be in bed early to go to work tomorrow. Reading starts NOW!
Need to finish this list so I can jam Drake Take Care Album
I still need to finish latin and feeser, lol
I'm haunted by the unfinished work from 2011 and I'm overwhelmed by the need to finish it all before the clock strikes midnight tomorrow...
i need to finish these questions....
RT“@COUNTMEIN_SSE: I need to finish getting dressed”<<<Dress or Jeans???
I really need to finish up this book so I can do something really fun like drawing or eating...yeah EATING...
Good idea i need to finish mine, time is ticking! ~C THE UNSEEN~
VIS: We started the transport but stopped it prematurely because you need to finish your homework. Remember the ionization the tingling?
I need to finish washing my clothes
Suddenly I want to draw a coloured pic... but I need to finish toning this page first~~~
Need to finish this laundry..
i need to finish my homework :l is always in the way.
Need to get up now and finish DFYS payroll. Feeling better than yday. Thank u Bioflu!
After 3 Blue Springs South leads 47-37. Eagles need to finish with a good 4th quarter! Go North!
Pacers game going to OT when Irving misses wide open layup.  Blue and Gold have been bad today but need to finish in OT
Need to finish getting addresses !
I need to finish my English paper tonight!
Just finished Skyping w/ the homie Marques!! Nice surprise to see him I miss my friend :/. Anyway though, I need to finish getting dressed.
"@yasmineaidoo: Can't wait to go back to school & finish off my final performance exam for drama.." we need to restart that -_-
Now I Need To Try && Finish Cleaning My Room !
still need to finish that other song i started..
dear Dropbox,  .why you are too slow to sync the folder? i need to finish my work ASAP
I need to finish up my arts before going back to school.
Guess I'd better get to it. College homework doesn't finish itself. That much is true. Need music.
Need to slEep. Else, I will finish everything edible in this whole house.
need to finish my hair
I need to finish these dishes but my tummy said fuck that right now lol
pizza need to hurry up and finish.
I said I'd stop reading at 1 so I could sleep and wake up at a good time, but it's past 2am and I NEED to finish Anna and The French Kiss.
Ugh we need to finish out convo
“@oneMOgan_: I wanna do something tonight!” we need to finish the handle still!
I feel like a horrible Chuck fan. This is their last season, and I still need to finish the previous season.
I am so tired! Need to finish this glass of water though!
Need to fuck right now guranteed she gon be pregnant when we finish
shiiiit i really need to finish my top 10 films of 2011 list tomoz
Cant Find The Words To Finish This Song ! I Need HelpUrz2Ux
Omg, my aunt need to finish this app for me so my gma can bring some food home
I've been in my room like a hermit all day. I need to go downstairs and eat something. d: And then finish watching Saw4. ^.^
The awkwardness when someone feels the need to finish a sentence & its something that just doesn't fit in
I Need To Finish Painting My Room But I Don't Feel Like It
Tired. Need to rest but I need to finish homework :(
I need to finish my homework.
Need to finish this cheddars.. Before I tend the rest of these drinks...
I need to stop procrasinating ! And i only have 3 days to finish this project when i had 2weeks to do it >.<
Yeah I need to go finish the laundry, my PMS tweets are probably annoying y'all. Sorry (smirk)
I need to finish this essay for Vonnie B...pronto pronttoooo..!
- I need to finish getting ready, shit.
I need help or a miracle to finish this Chinese food lol.
Purple and black or red and black to finish my tattoo? I need to decide soon!!
