I just had the urge to blast really louse house music.. So I did. Moms not too happy about that.
This shitty ass house music that's playing on the radio right now <<<< . I need an iPod
egg omelette, beer and house music
I want to find a bar that will let me DJ house music all night on the east side.
Drake turned into house music...wth is going on here!...
electronic music house music dj mix dance music electronica musica
I got a lot of beef with the whole house music scene. whats so appealing about mindlessy rolling ur head lollipops and neon colors?
My favs are# CHICAGO BULLZ+PIZZA+MW3+NICKI MINAJ+ART+ANIME+HOT TOPIC+BRAIDS+REAL HIP HOP+70s OLDIES+2PAC+HOUSE MUSIC+DERICK ROSE+HORROR+$$$$
Top artists in Lyrics House Music Search -
Wait there's a house music channel on on demand .. I can't handle this right now hahahaha
Listening to house music doses me off
And agaain with this fuucking house music ; FUCK ! >;0
its cool im gonna go back to making weird house music so you'll like this one...
Spinning Tomorrow at Stereo Live - Sat Jan 7 at Stereo Live - Sat Jan 21 NYC!!!  What a way to start off the new year!!!  HOUSE MUSIC!!!
Cadillac boy left his car on while he wen da house. Music all loud & shidd!
Girls that can dance to house music and look good doing it is fucking amazing. Wearing sneakers is a plus also.
Yep.... I def am too young 2 listen 2 dis Much house music
House Music!
House music = love
House music >>>>>>>>>>>>>
House music :)
I Love House Music
Just in one of those moods to blast house music and drive fast.
It's always a party at my house! Music is always blasting!
Listening to ratchet house music to start my day
Minimal: The lazy mans house music!
House music is the soundtrack to the more deviant, exciting, rebellious side of life
Am I going to fall in love with house music tonight?
ShaneStarrr house music shot ute..CRrZw
stop trying make some relation between you and house music, or Steve Angello gonna slap you. Again. “@ParisHilton: 11:11 - Make a Wish...”
HOUSE MUSIC IS MY SHEEEET.
Now On Air: Hatiras and Jelo and Mc Flipside - House Music Will Never Die
2010 was def the year for good house music...most of the new stuff from '11 was mainstream...still good though
god damn i love house music lol
everytime i listen 2 house music it remind me of my crazy friend@lungijobe dances in M4w8 ka noise hour
OMG my brother is bringing the house music!  It's so great to be out with him when he is on and honey he's is ON !
Loving Overeem's entrance music. Proper dutch house music haha
I walked in the  house all I see is people dancing drinkin & smokin an unknown DJ playing House Music, party lights erywhere! Hell yeah
When my mom listens to House Music: -________-
Niggas n house music.. I'm rollin with Overeem
Listening to BBC Radio 1 now. All house music and what not from Ibiza
House music , drinks , & food Lols
House Music is universal
A loft party with the crew on chitown house music all day every day
I wish I was into house Music so I could dress Up in stupid half naked costumes and go to raves and other such EDC things.
okay, officially obsessed with all this house music
Deep house music dancing like a white boy☺
House music gets me dancing..
House music + sours = happiness :)
Good morning!I've decided that I am staying indoors today,and no going out later!It will be just me and my deep/soulful house music!!
Loving house music
having house music blasted in your earphones.. omfg yes.
Never understood how you can bump techno/house music whatever you call it , too each their own i guess
SEX, DRUGS AND HOUSE MUSIC BABY!!!!! DOESN'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS
wow ive been listening to bare house music tonight, metallica just sounds like noise -__- cant focus on its rawness :(
I don't think I like house music at a club..
The way Jersey shore dances to house music >.<
I'm sorry but I must have missed the memo that Molly and house music was the new cool thing
Freaking love house music!
"@ShenTheTurk: House music is the fucking bees knees" booom
On the low everyone loves some house music.
I hear house music yay paaaaaarty
djbillieblue  BOTH.. BILLIE BLUE.. I GOT SOME HOUSE MUSIC HEADS... ON HERE THAT ARE SERIOUS.. GOTTA 8UA7Y
its all about house music !
Adjusting my ears to some house music for tomorrow #❤
house music just reminds me of Branch Brook's skating rink
House music is a feeling not just music
"@LaTengoPegada: I didn’t believe in love till I found HOUSE MUSIC."
Call me lame, but i actually bob my head to house music o_O .
I wanna go clubbing and bug out to house music
House music = <3
House music man, soooooo relaxing. Drinking and playing soccer at night?! This the shit yo.
The funniest shit ever is black dudes in a club on a "white" night!! They just lose all their cool with this house music!
Really had a good night, must say!!... Enjoyed the house music very much, mixed with the garage
Cycling alone in the empty streets of Cairo while listening to chill house music.
House music.
They Playing House Music On The Radio Lol
My mama driving & dancing & then her favorite house music song comes on >>>>>>>> Lmaoooo
i love old classic house music..
At bar 13 in manhattan the music it great, deep funky house music all night long
@ Lakay Bar Restaurant House Music tonight! Gen de leu se sa m ta tande vre!:))
Jamming hectic ishhh here deep house music☺
House music was just coming out of it's 'proggy' phase and back into house. Missy Elliott release game changer 'Get Ur Freak On'.
House music & boats ;)
You twerk to House Music?
Casually jumping around the house to "benny benassi - house music" at 4 in the morning xoxo
Jazz td pagi skrg house music
If you know you house music find songs with Monique Bingham's vocals- epic I tell you
Being the little retards we r, dad and I jamming out to house music  in the car lol
I can't wait till tomorrow!!! Mini ball drop and fun!!!! I hope they play lots of house music so I can beat the beat
one thing about the end of the year... ALL HOUSE MUSIC ON THE RADIO... helll yeaaaa! whooop.
I didn’t believe in love till I found HOUSE MUSIC.
Soooooooo there's some old house music on the radio -_____- my mom and daddy are singing together -__________________-
Nothing makes me happier than house music
Radio playing house music ugh
DJ CyBorg SanChez in the mix till 5am with House Music right now!
Ouvindo house music :D
This is my house, and in my house there is ONLY House music ♥
I feel lile I need some house music
I like house music though...does that mean....?9tGT
BACK On with the HOUSE MUSIC NUTRITION ;) 016.. this will be special  !! LATE 2011.. . .lets just pass that day safely ;)
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST IT'S MY FUCKING NEIGHBOR THEY'RE HAVING SOME SHIT PARTY AND THEIR STUPID MEXICAN HOUSE MUSIC IS MAKING MY DOGS BARK
I mean Mantus is jus straight dope.. People are growing onto house music and this is where it's at..7GYTcq
Dis house music gt me gassed !!!!!
& DUBSTEP!!! RT:“@Sunset_Passions: IF YOU GUYS SAW HOW I GET WHEN I LISTEN TO HOUSE MUSIC, YOU GUYS WOULD THINK I'M CRAZY”
IF YOU GUYS SAW HOW I GET WHEN I LISTEN TO HOUSE MUSIC, YOU GUYS WOULD THINK I'M CRAZY
We gotta remember when we fall in love with house music.
you're dancing to house music and battling on the floor
It amazes me how NYers hate NJ house music but I swear that what all this new Rihanna & Drake music sounds like
Why they playing house music on hot 97
House music all night long say what house music all night long.
sittin at my house... music on blast... album in progress... thank you sweet baby jesus ;p
Listening to House Music >>
I hate listening 2 house music on youtube all the music videos r pictures of half naked girls and my dad always walks in thinking its porn.
Shopping always puts me into a house music mood.
Wtf downstairs playin house music next door mexico.... Ugh!!!! I can't relax so I will play gangsta rapfor this Bish!!!!!
I want you change me, get over it! I love House Music....
go on youtube Best of Romanian House Music 2011  badd ass
"@EatMeCupcake: Satan dances to house music" lmaooo
Yo I love my life. My boss showed up in the baddest dress ever and I got to dance to house music. I'bBAT8
I haven't listened to old school Chicago House Music in a decade or so... but it's helping me clean. Weeee!
Satan dances to house music
house music
House music is devil worshipmusicUJWq4
Whoever created House Music there's a place waiting for you in hell
Nothing like deep house music early in the morning ..
Hayden garden is a roaster! He's got house music bouncing at this time!
NO DUBSTEP AT TAO fucccccckkkk im gonna be a boucing kittty with all the house music lol
Why is it that I always forget how much I hate house music until I have to hear it until 2 AM.
Bumping house music with my family. Lol they like it .167487
Whoever Doesn't Listen To House Music Is Missing Out
"@KevsWorld_: the club tomorrow better play some hits & not no house music" ur not listening to the same house as me loool
House music ♥ aaaahh.
Bottles & house music <3 let the night begin!
They Are Playing Straight Up House Music. I Wish My Husband Was Here, Cuz He's The Only One That Would Dance This Shit With Me!
I fuck to house music
Ahhhh I love house music
I love dirty dubstep .. but dirty house music can suck my balls ..
I love house music
Omg house music on one side and bomb ass music on the other side that yoou'd wanna hear and dance toQ3UpB3
Gold's gym playing house music ? Down
Naiinis ako sa song na Fontainebleau dito sa phone ko.. Feeling house music. =)))))))
oh how i love house music
I think iam in love with the romanian house music!
...nice house music at the News Lounge;)
I feel like im at pachas right now, actually playing good house music here.
There should be a housicost... Exterminate anyone who doesnt like house music!!! Lol
The Power Of House Music <3 :D
Electronic, house music coming to MassMutual Center on Feb. 23: By Ray Kelly, The Republican A day after the MassMutual Center announ...
just starting 7hrs set! is gona be a lovely night ! i feel happy & blessed time 2 visit paradise... house paradise ! god bless house music !
my mom and her house music... oh dear.
Gotta put on some house music and getter done. OOF5LMgm
you know you're a tool when you post house music on facebook
I'm currently in the backseat being deafened by house music. Gotta love my friends.
Seriously I Don't Know Why I'm Playing Rolling In The Deep Tiesto Remix, I Hate House Music! But I Like It.
Sick house music bar Gaspar's Grotto in ybor
House music is the greatest.
In middle school every one likes rap and hates house music and in high school every one likes BOTH !!!
Lady with mullet just answered her phone during a song at this coffee house music night. So many questions to ask.
House music I love because my mother & her friends
House music at the skating pond... Seems right.
This house music is on point !
My 8 yr old brother likes house music
french house music is actually pretty cool ^.^
My mom told us to make Just Dance: House Music haha. Lowkey, I would if I could.
the fucking HOUSE music thats blasting outta this radio is making me sick!
Someone give me good House music to download please. My collec' is dead now
Man I miss Chicago House Music!!!zqnNwP
SYMMETRY HOUSE LEAGUE@UBU LOUNGE tonight!!! Say what!?!! House music all night long...
At The Twins! Good Old Soulful House Music.. Spanish Style!!
I rather get drunk to house music than  rap, save the rap for wen im already drunk
I <3 House music.
Deep house music ,Tribal house music ,Afro soul house music,Commercia house music and Électronics house  music  which one do you like
Techno and house music- my new life.
They got this kid playing saxaphone live over the house music I ain't gon front it goes0SyH1
I just wanna listen to house music and play FIFA
I gotta damn headache 4rm ha blasting this shitty ass house music & trying to sing ova da damn music...smh
Zak_Bagans, I grew up on Lords of Acid, MLWTTKK, and acid house music, I love Pragma's work and lookTH9gJ
im in my Dominican Guidette mode! i want to dance House Music!
house music mood 8)♡
Ik drop was house music
"in my house there is only house music!"
Just can't sleep a party or carnival goin on bside mi house music so loud am so v. Frustrated.
house music>> 8)
"In the bigining there was house music." ."One day some DJ's declared let this house be progressive and progressive house was borne!"
"In the bigining there was house music." ."House music had one grove and from this grove came the grove of all groves." ."One day some DJ' ...
Just House Music :D ♥
Probbly . Jt ' gunna wear . My plur shirt :| .bummmer ' never finished my ilove house music shirt
That Shot Of Tequila & This House Music Mixed With Spanish Music Has Me Feeling Crazy Good!
House Music is my new favourite!
House music >>>>
HOUSE MUSIC ALL NIGHT!
House music speaks to my soul...that rump shakin stuff is for peons.
Junior got me loving house music
Soulful house music
House music>>>
God damn I love house music
House music
House music is such a good time
House music is the fucking bees knees
House Music x100 >
Tonight in Las Vegas!!! Which Do you prefer !!!!!!!! House Music or Hip Hop Music. Text Jai 702-506-4504 For the hottest clubs
I hate it when teenagers start talking about house music just because they've listened to David Guetta,erm gtfo
Electro House Music >
Just In Time For The Holidays Is This Brand New House Music Mix \
And in myy house there is only HOUSE MUSIC :] !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
house music >>>>>>>
that awkward moment when a cars blastingggg out that House music, and your at the bustop with loadsa white people + u wanna just dance!
Dub step, house music, techno >>>>>>>>>>
And Of Course House Music
Are they really playing Phish as the house music?
This is fuckin house music
Thanks GoD for house music.
My mom got this v103 house music blasting
House music -_-'
Doing ma white girl dance to house music loool
EBM aka. Industrial House Music or Electronic Bowel Movement.
Everybody tweeting about WGCI but im banging out to V103 right now. House Music aint dead you cats just scared (to dance). LETS GO!
listening to House music from the 90's having lil' silent rave in my bedroooom
That indescribable good felling only house music can give you >
The house music here sucks. Cuz modern music sucks.
New years eve a sell out last 50 tickets will be available on the door from 9pm a night of dirty house music!!
Idk how ppl can listen to dubstep and house music... I hear that shit and it gets me aggravatedP2Q
Dey was spinnin on dey head to dis house music, fuk dat lol
Nothing like listening to some house music a lil buzzed. On deck "Breathe On Me: Jacques Lu Cont Thin White Mix) by Britney. Shit intense.
Dirty house music <3
the club tomorrow better play some hits & not no house music
I think House music would be more popular if they didn't get rid of that one radio station that always played it.
Hahaha I caught my mom head bobbin house music! She's wid it
Feelin so dayum sick pounding headache and the techno house music bs only gunna make it worse
SEX DRUGS AND HOUSE MUSIC
“@Mr_Ornelas: My respect for a restaurant/bar/business instantly goes up if I hear house music coming out of the speakers.” Amen
Anybody could recommend good house music, that's new? I have everything from Afrojack to Swedish Houl3zmQi
House music >
arabic house music HWUAHAHHAHAH
Is Forever  is Over an original by the Sats or did they cover it? There's a girl on my tv singin this song...more house music like
I have such amazing house music on my ipod
Im dying to go back to my hometown and birth place of house music... Chicago fucking Illinois
When you're 65, you're going to look at that "House Music" tattoo you thought was the shit and wonder where your life went..#shrug
Craving a macbook pro so I can make house music
Shut the fuck up and dance house music.
Death by house music. Need a bit of hip hop!
Oiiiii  Choice Fm goingg in wit da House Music!!!
Putting on a light show in my room with house music playing!
Ma mama came in da house an started dancein 2 the house music she listening 2...(sit yo ass down lady)..lbs
Making house music mix, I will publish it on spotify later. :)
House music <3<3<3
I love love love love LOVE house music!!!
House Music >.<
House music is an spiritual thing [body<->soul]
why does house music make me want to shit.... dump dump dump doo doo dump dump
HOUSE MUSIC.... helping white girls dance since 2005
House music at work.  Yes sir
Working out to old school Chicago house music!
Eish eish, you see house music, ja ne
Jazz FM just switched to playing house music, THE FUCK?
Defooooo found a new love  .House music!!!!
Forgot how much I love House Music.
House Music >> Dubstep
2011 : House Music.
I would LOVE to sleep right now but my neighbours are being such dickheads with their party right now!Even worse its bloody house music. /☹\
House music is my answer...
Bright lights put me in a trance, but it ain't house music makes me wanna dance
I only like house music when im not fully here..
Time to get in the zone , gna blast some house music
house music makes me happy <3 :D
having so much fun, i love blaring house music
So just house music tonight aye fuck off
Oh we'll guess me and nicky are having another house music glowstick party lol
Damn gily hicks throwing down some sick House music
sick ass house music >
i still dont get how people enjoy deko on a wednesday night like its such terrible attempt at house music
Moms playing house music in the whip...making me realize how much I'm gonna miss home and do miss being around my mom lol
Levels by Avicii is the most overrated & overplayed piece of house music
Loves house music <3
Techno/house music makes me wanna dance all night long
Thinking more house music should be released, but then you don't want everyone loving the type of music you love because it'll die out
RT@HouseMusicTones23UTC3012December29132528777030th5Friday2011JESSE SAUNDERS the ORIGINATOR of HOUSE MUSIC and the GLOBAL HOUSE SHOW ...
This house music is puting me to sleep as it doess
I love how my nephew shuffles and bumps to house music! He's barely one :)
I LOVE HOUSE MUSIC!!!
I was meant to make house music ... I'm not as good in other genres
Where there is House Music, there is a party!!!!!
techno&house music >>>
Oh my laaaaaawd, da house music here is KILLING ME!!!
My respect for a restaurant/bar/business instantly goes up if I hear house music coming out of the speakers.
Looking forward to new years eve, cider, girls and even more important good house music.
Home alone, now I can blast the sirius house music :D
I know understand... House music is my only calling
House music <3___<3
house music .. yup i love l'''l music .. lol xDD
Chicago house music holiday party upDwG
House Music !
House Music >
can't escape house music! I friggin luv it, ur favorite dj's favortie track is a house music track. wm5pN
Ouvindo house music...
Everybody Jaming out to house music & having a good time.
in 2012 I'm gonna do vocals for house music! # Justnje
Whooaa sounds great! :D "@PrimadaniDani: Full House Music.. :d"
i love the house music..!!
its amazing how I listen to rock music all day, yet still knnow the lyrics to house music and rap.
You cry,you smile...that's house music!
All the dubstep n drum n bass n house music head east village right now
Full House Music.. :d
Iv got love for house music ♥
I am effin sleepy and tired “@dvjstatickenya: fuck am drunk..n gat like 2 mo hours to go..but tha house music be kickin tho..”
If you ever drive past me, odds are I'm dancing like an idiot in my car blasting house music.
doo doo doo doo doo doo HOUSE MUSIC
fuck am drunk..n gat like 2 mo hours to go..but tha house music be kickin tho..
Goeie house music
I'm either too old or too sober for booty house music :-)kjSqFk
house music .
gettin hype listening to house music!!! :O <3
I'll just blast some House music
“@miami__mami: Dubstep and House music >”
Me? House music? Not friendzz. . .@nashisto. . .
House Music All Day Long!!!!!!!!!
BLASTING HOUSE MUSIC IN THE CAR  WOW SO COOL
Any suggestions for parties in either Manchester or Liverpool on New Year's Day? Anything with a birra house music would be the ticket.
House Music x Twitter till the pizza gets here.
House music <3
It takes about 5 seconds of classic house music to make me want to sell my possessions and buy a cardboard box in ibiza
Wauw i love house music
Driving my car again after 2 monthswindows down blaring house music.. Ahh so good to be homewaiting for my Nitnat!
Avicii & Knife Party are top of the house music tree right now for me
Huuuuuuh finally!! I'm done 4 day!! Tju ma head is banging louder dan dis house music
Jammin to House Music Getting Ready! See Everyone Tonight!
Hmmmmhmmmmmm wat to do tonight I wanna dance to some house music
yeah so were kinda crazy right now jumping around my house to house music lmaoo
House music all night long...say what!
"@IrinaMIYAYO: I can stand house music at a club for maybe 15 minutes max." Not even 5 minutes is enough 15 is pushing it
Martin Atjazz ♥♥♥..reminding me WHY I love house music!!!
This is real house music
My Fam expect drunk call from me tomorrow! im already gettn into mood house music since morning
Wtf??? Since when they play house music on hot97
Eternal blessings to Louie Vega & Kenny Dope for treating House Music as real music. Without your contribution house would be lacking Soul.
My father has been blasting house music since I woke up. Who needs the club when you've got my dad?
House music right now! >>
Let's rock some house music!
Dad bumping to house music, mom bout to yack and louis farting.... Get me out of here
.. Plus we've got house music pioneer Todd Terry talking us through some of his favourite tracks.
RT@illWayne:  House Music cant be 4 every1...next time i;ll give a heads up when a track is gonna go big :@DutseMad
House music is the best !!
Apparently every event has the "best house music" what defines it as the best?
Shit hot 97 is bumping right now nothing but house music this cant be life !!! Love nye weekend they play the best music lol
Paris Hilton is a Cunt who shouldn't go anywhere near House music.
Pops bought speakers...and now our house music sounds like a night club...
House music is the shit just makes me wanna dance.....imma happy boy lol
No illness a lil house music can't cure
WTF Liquid Chefs has gone Juvenile in a space of a week. Ok, off to Cofi then for some really really good house music.
Updating my house music on iTunes
I luv house music! **dancing
2011 The Year House music took over the US
A year ago today nobody was going to DJ concerts and listening to house music and if you say u were your a liar
“@thesupremekidSL: House music is that shit!” gotta have house! music! all night long!
we're pumping out the house music tonight. Getting into the swing of things ready for tomorrows NYE Event! :o)
House music is not dead !
House music loves me
Got new house music, new speak, new xv, neweverything!
I like house music but news cafe Gold Reef, eish, it feels like I am stuck in a bongo drum.
Oh god, now they're playing bad 90s house music. Midi brass and cymbals. That'll teach me not to look for a proper pub.
I don't find myself into house music as much as use to right around the time everything started sounding the same.
“@Juslivinlargee: The Weekend > House Music.”
Only Lord knows how much I love house music!!!!!!  Its a part of me!!!!
Im in that house music kinda mood haven't been in this mood in a while
corey in da house music feat. deadmau5
The Weekend > House Music.
I am not into house music. Not even gonna front. Even when I roll I jam to hip hop. Dammit.
House music is that shit!
All this house music is gonna send me into seizureseMPcM
Cleaning house, music blasting. I might be dancing too! :)
ensare....julio bashmorew....love house music...#deephousemusic
I have reached a point in my life where I love Hip Hop and House music with the same intense passion. I feel like I am cheating.
House music is taking over
Do people that say they like house music, really like house music?
I hate it when house music makes me cry... There are fucking bad ass memories behind these songs
i <3 house music.
This is nice, just twitter, house music and a full stomach
I <3 progresive house music!!!
House music + a packed. dance floor makes me hyper ventilate
I'm going in listening to house music !!!!
Listening 2 nyc music eix finally vandag no house ma earz r tking aa break 4rm house music 4 2day only
FOR EVERYONE WHOS COMING TO AFUSION TONITE...WE ARE NOT PLAYING HOUSE MUSIC! ITS CALLED "THE HOUSE PARTY ADDITION" BASED OFF THE MOVIE!!!
If you're gonna play your loud ass Mexican music at the car wash I can play my house music as loud as .I fuxking want
House music:3<3
House music is my savior.
Listen to house music makes me want to go  to chicago and party my ass off
Airport Flow..Itouch blasting my Favorite House Music tunes, Vegas Bound! Time to bring in 2012 with a Bang!!
Calentando motores esta noche- House music makes me fly! any nou, vida nova. Per un cop celebraré el final d'un any.
House music we'll make u wana dance no matter how u feeling or what kind of a situation ur in..@DJTSPEE what do u think of my statement DJ??
Power 96 is killin it with the house music right now
The long drive, the view, and house music, hopefully get my mind off of sh*t...
I really don't wanna hear house music tomorrow night, otherwise I would be Durban.. HELLO!
There aren't that many people who know what real house music is.
I have been listening to a lot of house music ever since brent sent me a whole playlist of them
Just discussing how house music helped pop music lift itself out of the late '80's rut. Without it SAW would probably rule the world by now.
Dear kiss fm stop play house music you sound stupid and you  are a disgrace to the genre so just stop.
whoops, i paused the F1 GP for a 'short time' to look for sum chicago house music, (the pause was 2,5hrs) now im gonna continue watchin :DD
I swear down SouthAfrican house music is the shit I get the feelin that's where it all started the way it sounds its got that pure vibe 2 it
Listening to some house music. It's almost new year's eve folks. ☺!!
House Music (:
Ya brah we was on da floor barreling to house music everyone was on da floor battlin I'm hip.
It was house music n we were just battleing it was all house music jeez
House music.?>>>>>>>>>
I would dance to house music!
house music all day, every day
Lekkere house music op me iPod
Im tryna teach donte how to do the 40's to house music ^__^ im such a proud aunt.
I love House Music. :]
Kaypees pops has the bombest house music holaaaaay
ene ba kopana le banyana baba pila byang mo tseleng» "@Kabomo: There is a lot of walking that happens in house music videos."
Intrigued by Bachmann's advance team member asking cafe owners to turn UP house music when she comes in _ drowning out 1-on1 talks perhaps?
House Music.
I am enjoying some good house music :-D
ohmygawdd. everyday my daddy is playing house music.
There is a lot of walking that happens in house music videos.
In an Italian restaurant that plays some pretty hardcore house music... I can dig it
Why is Olivia listening to house music though..
Channel rocks .....  Ma world ... House music ryt trough
My brother has recently gotten into dance and house music. I am going to punch a concrete wall.
Channel O and house music zzzzzzzzz
Electro House Music - Downloads: Chris_Tanch ...
I like to wear heels listen to house music and go to raves. Why am I dating this country boy lol
Listening to South African House music on a Kenyan radio station. You should see the smile on my face!!! :D
Ppl be taking that house music shit too seriously
Lol they dance so funny on Jersey Shore...like how do u dance to house music? I'd have no idea what to do
We so deprived in Jozi. Im at the beach,listening to the sound of the water,house music playing there by the parking lot...*bliss man*
House music! Hopin to go to the outlets later!
When Hot97 plays house music >
Walking anywhere listening to house music & nothing can stop you.
We love house music!
house music friday
I must write an illuminati book. Called the House music deception
HOUSE MUSIC
Retweet this if you love house music!!!I8X
Not even in Portugal for an entire day & I'm already becoming a house music junkie again. Europe does that to you, lol.
jersey shore got people into house music
Now she's playing freestyle house music while they decorate boricuaxmascJKirO
Brennan's tonight!!! Gonna dance like there's no tomorrow to some Afro Cuban/house music!!
NYE = House music all night long.
I can fall asleep to house music.
- house music >
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!!!!!!! Ur spoiling my house music meditation!!!!!!! Ima slap dis FOOL...in the face.... with a chair!!!!
white people house music >
The day people realise hw crap house music is.........
I'm starting to listen to some funky house music.
HOUSE MUSIC :3
I have 36 new house music songs!!:)
Is it a prerequisite that a house music video is shot in slow motion???
! House music !
House music on the Beach <<<<
No muzak in this dentist office they're bumping house music!
house music mix luister ... op slam tv/fm
I might be the only person that can smoke a b and bump house music lmao
I have only my brother to blame for poisoning me with house music.
Newww 2011 Best of House Music Tomrowwww!!! Be sure to checkk by midnight!!
House music too
House music!%-&%
We need to listen to more house music and love songs... It makes u feel euphoric  hahaha
Deep house music
Finally repaired the Zepplin Air - House music in the Kitchen tonight happy days
I think I forgot how to dance to house music tho. :-/
Sat in Philly airport listening to house music for first time in a week and now can't WAIT to get back to London ^__^
Bedroom music will never be house music *ultra cheeky ;D*
playing house music for my cousin, she seems to like it.
bilik iddin- alesana, asking alexandria, devil wears prada, screamo. bilik iyman-tiesto,bunny, goldfish, house music. Last2 tido living room
Been in the car all fucken day...and its house house house music,,,,,,,,fuck it phela,im still going to the club nje,WTF
dude i jst luv the house music nd u give an inspiration nd i hope 1 day u wl b teaching me how 2 dj@oskidoibelieve
Oh, he changed it to house music now. Thats better.
This house music mix on the radio tho >>>>
been listening to house music the last three hours
House, house, HOUSE MUSIC <3
