Me: "My New Years resolution is to..." .My mom: "How about to BE MORE ORGANIZED" .Me: "Mom, Life's to short to be organized"
How lazy and/or bald-headed do you have to be to perpetrate in a Afro wig??? ..your hair already come that way
Let's see how long these ppl gon take to see me
It's Saturday, all you fucks are supposed to be hungover and sleeping still, so how is "Twitter over capacity" every time I try to tweet.
But her memory will ALWAYS be w / me & i plan to live how she wanted me to! So 2012 im ready to show you what i got.
Wow how bout that shot by the Wagner player to win the game!
I completely forgot about how i had to finish reading a book over vacation i have to have 200 pages done by tuesday
I'm living this cracked screen struggle... How much to get it fixed?
So what we get drunk .So what we smoke weed .We’re just having fun .That’s how its supposed to be .Living young and wild and free
Up doing what I do best and  getting to it the only way I know how
onions always know how to make me cry......
Its Not Attractive When Girls say they Want/Need to Be Cuffed it Just Shows How Stupid they are to just want a relationship with anyone
Never ceases to amaze me how people you think care can fuck you over.
I love how I'm going to that oscar de leon thing and I don't even have a dress ...
how come other ppl can still tweet? I cant and havent been able to for almost an hour
It don't matter how late I wake up...I still feel like I'm bout to die
how cute would it be to be asked out on new years eve! awwww
You will learn powerful exercises on how to quickly unblock your throat and nasal passages
Its funny how people proclaim to be your friend but the truth is they're only using you.
I am trying to decide how realistic "write 400k words in 2012" is, as a goal. Hmm. Managed almost 370k this year...
I know HOW I'm bringing da NEW YEAR in! And HOW I want to bring it in!
Its always at this time of year you realize how important and how much you're family mean to you. I love my family :)
I hate how it takes me 4 hours to get ready and I'm not even exaggerating
I like how my mom is calling me later to make sure I'm not drunk cause she trusts me so much.....
just found my puppy in a bag of glacier sweets, wrappers surrounding her, point one) how I'll is she going to get:(?
Wish I could figure out how to decorate the bulletin boards for January.  Any ideas?
OMG! The year's almost gone. I'm so grateful 4 how much I've grown excited for what's to come... Wish y'all the BEST for 2012 Thank y'all xo
LORD MAH MOMA JUST HAD TO CALL ME ASKING ABT HOW MUCH MONEY I GET !
Bleeeehhhhhgghhhghgfjehrhrrrrrhghghgtvghggerrrd stupid mcdonalds.... Not knowing how to make coffee....
Just taught Carson how to make coffee.  Gonna be a great Saturday!
<3 my life no matter how it seem to you,, I live to see another day!
When you know your body needs to throw up to feel better, how long are you willing to fight the urge? I'm up to 4 hrs.
Amazing how parties no longer excite me. Zoukout, countdowns for new yr n Xmas, holds no interest to me anymore. I'm all grown up!
I love how yu comparison some that happened at the begining of the year to now...nigga if I ain't love yu I wouldn't invest in yu
With that said, don't take the small things for granted. Tell someone how you feel, just to be sure that they know. Life is friggin' short.
How yu gone wake me up to go to the store when y'all got fuckin cars ns shit yo I swear my father Erky
I try to ignore those things hoping that's not how you actually feel but its hard..
I wanna keep it how it is so you can never say how it used to be
i hate how i have to have like 5 different logins for my school's website.
“@The_Zeee: Stop asking 2012 to be better, how about you change? :)”
when people walk out of your life it really makes you evaluate just how much you meant to them.
I really like this girl. But how to say it w. out flipping her put.
ugh so i dnt knw how to use this washer so got to wait til mom gets bac
It rained while I was driving and it's already frozen to my car. That's how bad it is outside
Truth or dare? . Tell me the truth about how you feel, and I dare you to prove it.
How long does it take to get to the station on foot？
"@JohnCJ09: pronto ...making a big decision in life that is going to determine how my life is going to be ."
Aye um yea can someone please tell how to change my twitter name
up early bc people ring the door bell & don't know how to stop.
I'm going to drink my night away to forget how big of a piece of shit you are.
"See now when youre hungry all you gatta do is this and take this to open it, you see that?" "mom, i know how to crack a nut.."
Sad to end 2011. This year has been awesome ! Def. My favorite year thus far. God has been absolutely amazing! can't say how thankful I am
how long does it take to get drunk? seriously i had 2 cruisers and 3 glasses of champagne and felt nothing.
No joke at all my new life goal might be to get on the show Finding Bigfoot. How do I sign up?
Who wants to teach me how I snowboard? I lost my touch:(
How I am strong is to know what makes me weak.  How I am found is to know whom I seek .   Ben Harper
How did Man U lose to blackburn?
I wonder how are u over there? Preparing to Celebrating 2012?
how da fucc u yellin u da main bytch wen he only c u r talk to u wen u get paid lol bytch plzzz
Might change my new years resolution to be as badass as lil wayne - how is he so cool?
im going to write "i miss you" on a rock then throw it at your face just show you how much it hurts
I don't know how to describe this feeling . Just sit beside you , wtchng you playing guitar , firework in the sky , this is enough bee :')
LOL @ how my dad thought "lol" meant lots of love everytime I sent it to him.. Um no dad
My niece is smart she just learned how to scroll up and down on my phone all on her own
“@hotlizaaaa: I seriously cannot believe it is going to be 2012....how is it already my GRADUATION YEAR.”
I really need to learn how to judge people better.
loves how he made a list of albums to buy today and lost it.
Feel like I can't talk to nobody cause don't NOBODY understand how I feel smh fuck it its me my bottle nd a notebook
So how many of us do you think are going to be absolutely minced tonight? Hrmm.. ;)
So,how was the Gear Daddies / Rocket Club concert. Damnit, I wanted to go!
Wish I could see into the future, so I could prepare for how much I'm going to fuck up my life.
What the hells an iMessage and how have I managed to send one?!
how do i always manage to get toothpaste in my hair...
I'd like to take this opportunity to tell my beloved ones how much I love them .And I love them so so much. .Harry,Niall,Liam,Zayn,Louis:*
Im tryna figure out how to wear this dress with panties tonight...its gon be hard. Lol
OMG , noooooo ,, i'm about to cry :'( ! I forgot the math notebook with nadra!! , how am I gonna study it !! Shit , what should I do !! :-(
How many tats should I get before returning to school
Oh shit! My dad's friend really knows how to rock it!!
I've got my  on something that I really want... Ready to see how this will turn out
My cousin doesn't know how to dress and its fucking embarrassing.
Teaching my mom how to use instagram. I think she's being purposefully obtuse to rile me.
Funny how my mind works when it comes to writing.
How many lady's that get child support really use that money to support there child. I bet not many
I'm not your friend, I'm just a man who knows how to feel. I'm not your friend, I'm not your lover, I'm not your family. Yeah!
Seeing your parents eyes glaze over as you explain to them how one question in statistics can be a major bellend and take ages to do.
How do you move from Los Angeles to Bangkok smh
Great Year! But ready to see how next year is finna go down!
Idk how to use these curlers 0_o
Well my TL isn't refreshing how else am I suppose to get my daily news?
woke up to my guy drunk texting me....how cute!
How are you empowering your New Year intentions to lay the groundwork for a prosperous New Year?
Words can't even describe how excited I am for tonight. So I'm just going to use pictures. ✌
«@JoelOsteen As this year comes to a close, reflect back on 2011 with gratitude and remember how God blessed you with His favor this year.»
A chick I use to mess with called her brotha and his niggas on me.. Smh. Guess she didn't know how I got down.
“You were given life; it is your duty to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight.”
I hate you.. You have no idea how much you hurt me.. I'll never be able to trust anyone for a long time.. AGAIN.
its sad how ppl tend to social networks before their own priorities..
Going to the game tm not sure how hard I should go tn
I really want to learn how to scream!!!
The Devil Stays Busy, I Swear! Really Not How I Want To Start Off My Morning, Neither Another Year!
Need to figure out how to remove an account on Tweetdeck
All i want is someone who will stay , no matter how hard it is to be with me <3
Glad I figured out how to listen to this game today though!
How to be a ____________ for the new year ..
IM BOUT TO ROLL THIS BITCH ANDD SHE THINK IM JOKIN ! LOL WE GONE GEE HOW REAL IT IS  IN THE FIELD
I don't care how cute you are... If all you do is talk about weed. How you can't remember last night. Etc... I prolly won't talk to you
I hate seeing all the Bullshit about how next year is "your year" today is just another reason to get polluted..everyone enjoy!
I know exactly how to wake myself up. MUUSSSIIICCC
Now how on earth am i supposed to top seeing a UFO last new years eve!
THISSS!!!!!! RT “@hweesan: GAIN JUST GAVE CHEESE THE PFFT IM GOING TO PUKE FACE!! HOW CAN I NOT LOVE THIS GIRL?!?!?!?”
My mom thinks since ima dude that I can fix anything nd everything. She expects me to fix a electrical cord like I know how to. WHAT!!
Omg I forgot how much I hated chavs. Dreading going back to school now.
how long will it take for the alex to fuck up this 4-1 lead?
Let's start the year off right by feeling like crap in the morning & trying to forget how stupid we were the night before. Sounds legit.
People rely too much on others. They get comfortable w someone&once they're gone, completely forget how to live wout them.
funny how people say they will change when it comes to new years.... yeah right
I'd forgotten how annoying coat-hangers are to pack - THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS COAT-HANGER TETRIS.
I’m fighting to let go. I’m fixing my life. I’m learning how to trust myself again. It’s scary, but I have to.
Noooo power.  .I don't know how people used to do it.
He who does not know how to look back at where he came from will never get to his destination.
New Year coming in...im ready for summer now...oh how i love the summer :) hoping this year to spend it somewhere new if God allows it..
I hate how after an argument, I think of more clever shit to say.
I like it how my mom says that we're either moving to Lake Norman, or Savannah! ...
shinee & beast, how long more are you going to make me wait T_____T
"@NVme_: I swear I hate being in Plainfield, niggas don't know how to act -_-"Niggaz dnt kno how 2 act no where
How do you tell the person that hurt you that they hurt you. When you can't even explain it to yourself.
Why how much ppl are following or liking ppl on social networks is news? Smaddy can explain to me?
I hate how I come here early, but they take forever cause they still have to go through customs.
How is going to church on New Year's Eve going to account for all the 364 days I didn't go?
Mum no's how to f****** piss me off man
When you talk to someone and they ask how old you are&it just puts a whole downer on the conversation,cause your clearly younger than them..
Off to spend the last day of 2011 playing paintball.  It's the first time to play since before Z was born so I hope I remember how.
Last day of 2011, how are you going to spend it?
All these couples are saying they're going to marry each other. Guess what? I thought that's how things were gonna end too...they didn't.
OMGggg!! New year night it's about to go down! Home before 10pm how amazing will that be! Lol
To everyone who is already in 2012... How is it going there??
About to take a 15 min nap...if that's possible and then wake the Mr up...let's see how this turns out...
I hate how you have to lose something to realise how much you need it
Isn't it messed up how I'm just dying to be [her]
We tend to look through language and not realize how much power language has.
Oz & sam aint gone knw how to ack tonight !
iThink It Is So Funny How Yu On Twitter Nd Yu Cnt Reply Back To My Txt Message
How I Met Your Mother, never fails to make me happy. I just love it. :D
If I knew how to wax my own eyebrows I would do it, since they got me in this room by myself lol
She know how to do it
Just realized that all of my ACT stuff has been set not to be sent to school or any colleges for the past 3 times I've taken it. How?
So amazed by His unfailing love for me!! New perspective on how much my Jesus really does care! Luv this life we GET to live!!
Like every big event - twitter just stops to work well :D That shows us how much addicted we are xD
Ivan lendl to coach andy murray. I feel this year andy is going to show how good he really is
No matter how early you come to the hair salon, plan on being here all day.
i wonder how many people i dont like gone show up to this party at my house...
- I failed a spelling test because they asked me how to spell player and I put down your name..
so baby ive got missed calls and emails about how you used to love me.
People on gtalk talk bout how to gain muscle mass. bhenchod mai kya gym trainer hun.
I refuse to let anyone make me feel guilty about how hard I go for friendship. If you can't accept my loyalty, then I suggest you KIM
love it how we will always have a place to stay in england whenever we want to come back, planning on coming back for next new years too :')
Don't need to fake tan my legs tonight, didn't realise how much time that took up idk what to do with myself! Boooored
"@StonewalKitchen:If you are skipping out on the Champagne tomorrow to ring in the new year,how bout some champagne jam?" Yum I'll take both
Man I'm way too nice to ppl I can't even get a good morning boo or glad u made it safely or I miss u.....ha! Oh how things will change
someone remind me....ithink i forgot how to respond when am wished a happy new year.....can i simply say thnx and move on?...
Lol I never realized how much info I give away on the Internet until its repeated back to me back a complete stranger..
My bestie always know how to make me smile...
Pleased for Kean after vile abuse. Loss crystallises how average Utd now are compared to their best 90s/00s sides (ditto Ars, Chel & Pool)
how to make it fassssssssssssssssssssttttttttt
I wish I could just call you up and tell you how I'm feeling about things like I used to. Especially when there's no one else I can vent to.
Learning how to play "Someone Like You" on the piano (:
I love my girlfriend so much, Shea everything to me and always will be. I wish she could realise how she makes me the happiest man alive <3
So yeah, know how I was calling my Volvo the Vulva just to bug my kids? Daughter just said, "Throw me your clit and I'll start your vulva."
Kan skarang dah mabuk ! How are you going to get back home like that huh ?!
How will my bush look tomorrow? Heart/Bush/Skin Vote to Save or Shave it, 50 tokens online/offline
How the hell this nigga wakes up, goes to the bathroom, then goes back to sleep... at 11 am!!!!
That frustrating moment .when you know exactly what something means but .not how to explain it.
I really don't know how to feel about 2011.. When it was good it was GREAT and when it was bad it was HORRIBLE.. Just thankful to see 2012
I took the trash out; that's me being productive for the day. Time to go back to bed? How about at least nap time?
Last day of 2011... what a great year, can't wait to see how 2012 turns out :-)
GAIN JUST GAVE CHEESE THE PFFT IM GOING TO PUKE FACE!! HOW CAN I NOT LOVE THIS GIRL?!?!?!?
"@starsnhearts08: Wanting for lisa to get here we got alot to do"you going to 51tonight how much is it.
But how this guy just said "how yu doin doobie" to me like wtf ??
Off to mass. Haven't had to sing in front of an audience in a while so we'll see how this goes :/
My new fun filled craze is throwing my phone at my little brothers head when idk how to reply to peoples text.
RIPPED or a Spin class? I can't decide how to end my year!
Anybody with a kid are kids knows how impossible it is to find child care on New Years Eve :/
“@teenagerbook No matter how big the world is, if we are meant to be together, love will lead us to be together.”
I want a mexican or Spanish decent..knos how to make "case-a-dillas" "tore-tillas" tamales all of that!
I think in 2012,imma revert back to punching muthafuckas in their throats and faces...how's that for a new me...
really, how to say zayn? is it a simple zayn or zein?
Sooo tired! I have no idea how I am going to last till 12 tonight! I will have to lick some batterys!! LOL xxxx
Lookin forward to stunting on a hating ass nigga lol  .That's how we do it bitch
going to a party in hampton tonight.. that's how i'm spending my new years !
Hi, how are you? Yes its nice to meet me ;)
How many times is it appropriate to say "what" before smiling and pretending you heard what they said.
Can't believe how ridiculously slow my mum's laptop is! What an absolute joke. And she expects me to sit and fix it? No chance.
I NEED TO SEE HOW IT FEELS OUTSIDE.. SO I CAN DECIDE WHAT TO PUT ON
Due to how me belly full!
How you suppose to find the one when anyone will come wit you?
How I ran out the gas in the car & I haven't used it since Tuesday ? Smh. Explain this to me please.
Now on my way to whataburgerrrrrr "just how you like it" haha
Mama just told I know how to be fake!!#DoIReally
S/o to the dj how played beef it up 3 times ..lol but I didn't care , I like that song.
According to Baby....Lil Wayne makes more money than JayZ.....um I wonder how true that is.....
Not to sound rude but if you mind can you glue the pieces back together and put it back how you found it some one else will care for it more
lol that was some barbecue fun. sam learned how to 'cook' for a while. he screamed often due to fear of being burned :p
Lucozade coke and Capital FM is how I like to spend my half 3 break.
Teaching old men how to dance like synchronized swimmers is probably the most adorable thing ever.
I don't understand how this man thinks I'm meant to do my work when he's polluting my lungs with this smoke -__-
It is time to learn how to ski. Let's see if I can do this thing.
How quickly things change...what an interesting way to ring in the New Year..
Happy birthday to my lil sister how just 6 .. I live that lil girl to death . Ily yanna .
Lil Wayne - How To Love ♫
Realizin that people def dont know how to park/drive
Funny How Everybody Startin To Where Bubble Coats && Hats W. The Puff Ball Now.
fuckkkk over capacity! I just want to know how many tweets I'm at :(
Twitter screwed how to count down ? :(
'A wise man should consider that Health is the greatest of human blessings, & learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his...
I wonder how im supposed to feel
Now I gotta figure out how to not look like I have a hangover for work 2morrow mornin :/
Got a long ride to NYC. About to read my book "How to win Friends and influence people by: Dale Carnegie"
Oh my lord! People need to learn how to SMOKE OUTSIDE their house. This is nasty and I can barley breath
Anyone know the definition of identity theft? How do I know it's happened to me? Grrrrrr.
I want to just say how I feel without it being weird.
The best new years I jad was 2010 ....i was smacked like shit,mar n yne sure knew how to throw a house party
My cousin about to teach me how to park finally !!!
It only took me 5 seconds of watching this Jersey Shore episode to remember how much I can't stand Sammy
I think my parents are starting to the see the joke of their arguments nd fighting nd how stupid it is!
great one just looked on the site to see how long my phones gonna be and it says it hasn't been sent to the place yet :(
FFS do you have to tip all your empty bottles outside at 5am? And damn this twitter autocorrect (how do I turn that shit off?).
What a year!! Finally taught me how to use the delete button to havE the control key! To love realization mistakEs bliss vortex n contrast
Just had to get my build-a-bears arm sewed back on, i dunno how it fell off, but found it quite ironic as today he was dressed as a surgeon
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
We know how to party sexy ugly
sorry i was too busy having friends as a kid to learn how to juggle
Just thinking about how GOOD God has been to me this year!!!!
Hate how my parents think they can treat me like I'm 14 when I come home. Maybe you forgot but I'm going to be 20 years old soon.
Happy birthday to my grandpa 140 words isnt enough to tell you how much  you mean to me <3. Love u always and forever.
Meer and his dad got some tuff fits for they pics  cant wait to see how they come out...
Bby teach me how to fly, than we can touch the sky. and live together forever. ♡♡♡.
Don't know how Chloe trusted me to do her eyebrows
Just got breakfast served to me in bed...my daddy sure knows how to treat me! :-) brb
Damn airport security thought I was smuggling crap in air cast and took me .Into a special room to search me. Just how I wanted start the day
My mom thinks since ima dude that I can fix everything without knowing how to. She expects me to fix a electrical cord like I know hot to
No matter how long my night was, I always seem to wake up before noon 
Reconnecting with old friends brings up memories of the struggles...and reminds you to be thankful for how far you've come
About to get my hair done. How should i get it styled tho ?
I have so much to say but find no words to express how I feel
thinking back to how far you have come in a year.
blah blah blah. maybe when UK and UL learn how to throw down like Cincy and Xavier, I'll watch. lol.
You never know how strong you are until you have no choice BUT to be strong.
Don't say 'happy new year' until it's actually a new year / how to be french 101
Anyone actually know how much GCHQ is to pay on the door?
I Need To Learn How To Let Go .
Soccer dot com if you want my $$ learn how to say the athlete's name properly.
She allows herself to get hurt and thats exaclty how!
Seem like I dnt know how to lose!!!!
Many times I've wondered how much there is to know.
"Happiness is not how much you have But your capacity to enjoy what you have"
Happy New Year Everyone!!  Don't you think that a BIG New Year's resolution would be to START SOMETHING....how about becoming a mentor?
Mrs. Millman doesn't know how to grade shit.
Whyyy?!? My camera has low battery... I don‘t have how to take pics tonight >_> !
I'm seriously dreading waking up Tuesday morning & going back to school. I don't know how i'll do it.
I don't know how to fight but I'll draw blood tonight if somebody tries hurting you.
Stess is holding a pillow to block the sun for me. But how long can she tough it out? "It's like I'm on survivor. I want the immunity idol"
I realized everything ain't gone be a fairy tale but damn how I want to make believe....
I think i learned how to face time yall ctfu
Made me grow up...and learn to be tougher,insyead of relying on people,i can learn how to let me rely on me
It's really hard for me to get into how I met your mother when the main character is such a pussy.
How to avoid the friend zone: Force a decision...don't be a coward by being afraid to hear "NO"
Casually shouted shut up non stop till Richard got the picture to stop thinking he can speak to me how he wants
You realise how addicted you are to twitter when it stops working and you have a hissy fit. aaaaaaah!
Can't wait to show the boys how to drink, roll on 6 o'clock
As much as I'd hate to admit it...van persie is a beautiful beautiful player..how many shots on goal alredy?!?..wow
Anybody lie to your face.. how do u respect them?
Kainis kuya ko!>:(I wonder how it feels like to have an Ate:(I wish I had one:((
Anyone wanna give me £400? I need to save £400 by July. How the fuck am I meant to manage that?!
Learning how to use chopsticks... just to help wIth my dexterity using an arcade stick
How do I hide the pics someone is posting on fb ? The lady has good intentions but you dont need to share EVERY inspirational pic you find !
NYE Afterthought: 12 Kilos Doctor's orders to lose + Holiday weights gain = Total 16 Kilos. How much Kilos gained from Holiday? :)
“@Alyssa_Milano: My New Year's resolution is to figure out how to balance motherhood with taking care of myself. ” good one! Same here!
My nephew is 2 & he already kno how to mess w/ the dsi
Chey , nt forgot . Just dunno how to do ;D Nvm , open sch , ask teacher .
How to spend my new year - Oh yeah going too two parties ! ♥
(1/2) How Bout My Granny Went To McDonald's Nd Got Her A Sausage Biscuit Nd Wen We Long Gone Nd She Get Ready To Eat It No Sausage LMAO  ...
I appear to have picked up some kind of eye infection.. How very annoying.
I already figured out How to deal with one problem while I was sleeping . So that was a plus I gotta figure out more thing before 12
That's How I Be Givin It, That Straight Lovin' Thuggin' You. .Like A Straight Thug. . . .I Gives It To You Like A Straight Thug.
Let's not be desperate,you should already know how to finesse a bitch
"Twitter over capacity" -- how am i supposed to stay awake now???
“@Kentriley: If there was an 80% you would be fine and would arrive back safely to earth how many of u would go into space ????” Me!
Have to manage my tweets through text since Twitter is 'over capacity'. How annoying >.<
no matter how bad a performance is, the least we could do is appreciate their effort. it takes a lot of guts to stand in front of a crowd.
New plan: .how I'm spending new year's eve: eating everything i'm not allowed to eat normally because of my diet
How do I manage to go to bed at 5 am and wake up 5 hours later feeling awake as hell and not tired.
“@JoelOsteen: As this year comes to a close, reflect back on 2011 with gratitude and remember how God blessed you with His favor this year.”
U don't know how big my wants to be w/ u tonight, but I don't want to say it n make u feel guilty. (˘̩̩̩__˘̩̩̩)
I've forgotten how to chew my food!
Damn is tht weird I dnt like to share bar soap with ANYONE Idc how close
So, the final year of the world as we know it is approaching. How's everyone planning to live the last year of their lives?
How come every time I turn around, there is more laundry/cleaning to do? We are just two people?!?! It never ends.
My mum is giving me in instructions on how to cook a pizza. She treating me as if I'm an idiot.
I don't care how many times we talk in a day if you're someone close to me I'll always end the conversation with an "I love you"
It's astounding how we're going back to January just like that. Happy New Year everyone!
Twitter fail because we are getting to many shit tweets about how shit this year has been and how amazing next year is going to be
That aint how it works, that aint how it goes, and I be gettin high just to balance out the lows
I wanna go to a party tonite but niggas don't kno how to act anymore
I need somebody that will allow me to use their piano for an hour a day for a month... I'm still tryna learn how to play
That's how the caribbean woman next to me started to shout, "driver, drive on! Its d woman fault" lmfao
I need to learn how to arrange music ...
How long will it take Wenger to remove Asharvin and Walcot?Maybe when QPR scores#Arsenal
swetlufc: markking147 im sure youll get there mark how about a for memy son here in halifax west yorkshire ,we like to watch you.
Aye yo bubbles go back to ya habitat, MJ gone ain't havin that.... how u go b the stunt double to the nigga monkey!
New year means new life. Thank you for      Dat I learned how to move on before even 2012 come its way. Tnx 4 all d lessons and memories :)
I refuse to swallow my pride n tell him how I feel so if he wants me as bad as he says he does HE better show ME.
Be careful what you say to others because you never know how far they'll go to get away from the pain of your words...
Does anyone know how to work out cals burnt on a Bosu? X
How to get to bakewell.... No way am I walking!
Girls that know how to take care of little kids >
My nephew havnt seen me in a while so he says to me "so how u been daya" lol what?? he's only 7 tryna have an adult conversation.. Smh
How long do you have to talk to someone before u get in a relationship?
How many glasses of tea is it alright to drink ?
Work is going quite quick, just ate a lot of mcdonalds. Too embarrassed to reveal how much.
How are you going to give advise when you slur and smell like a shebeen? *Blank stare*
Tell me how to end this horror! I've shown you how defenseless I really am, plus you know I'm terrified and empty inside.
The awkward moment when you dont know how to spell so you have to google it :( <3
How much yall pay to get in Press Play?
to be honest I don't care how your year went.
lost focus. can someone tell me how to focus in our live, please..
Aunty: so how you gonna dance when you get to the party?  .Me: i'm a dance like my grandma taught me:)  *grandma starts dancing*  .-I love ...
How to lovee!
Ughhhhh how the hell am I gonna bribe my sister to straighten my hair for today :( ? She's so damn hard headed
Hate wen I tell people how I feel & they jus be lil get over it How you gone tell me to get over some..you dont want anyone telling you that
How can I have fun when all I think is about the 'bad news' you're going to tell me later? :/
People talking about 2012 and here I am talking about how to use path.. haha.
I see no prob in judging someone off of twitter. Either your tweets are who you really are or how you want to be percieved by others.
Doctors don't know shit except for how to not give you the drugs you want.
SMDH at the Washington Wizards how in the world do you forget to put someone's name on the roster
How absurd and delicious it is to be in love with somebody younger than yourself. Everybody should try it.
I swear I hate being in Plainfield, niggas don't know how to act -_-
When I be by myself listenin to music yawl don't understand how loud I be singin !
I wish there's a way to express how much I adore this boy, but the best i could come up with is ' i love him so much i want to squish him'
excited about 2012- I envision big things for myself and my family. Also excited to see what I have to & how I will contribute to the world.
Last day of year, & all I can think of is how grateful I am to God not only for how good he's been this yr, but all my yrs.
About to make a Tumblr ..idk how to work it though.
Just taught my granny how to use her computer. It was challenging.
How is it every time I watch Arsenal I get the impression of frustration and under achievement ? That's why will never back them to win...
They heard about how good he does his business that he got a promotion the second day to bud tender. Then head bud tender and so on.
appreciate my moms attempt to be nice today. lol... we'll see how long that lasts
Did everybody forget how to shave in the nba lol
Wow this pets do really know how to pass gas... I need a mask here!!!
I wonder how much of this Twitter foolywang can be attributed to people canceling accounts AND opening new ones...
Idk how people can "forget" to brush their teeth.
Freaky how my bible verse of the day is always just what I need to hear...
I KNOW HOW TO TREAT "MY MAN"
just realized today is the last day of 2011, how are you going to spend it
Tell to your president, how if we leave and you all are wrong -optimus pirme-
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
Going to look at the house we want!!! Oh how I hope 2012 brings good things... I feel like we deserve it!!!!
For the new year, instead of making a to-do list, how about making a to-be list? Be kind, be happy...
Rick Perry supports English as the official language of the United States. Now he just needs to learn how to speak it.
Get your freak on like Missy! Learn how to love like Weezy! So Transform yourself like Chris Brown to A Boss like Rick! (1/3)
Countdown to a new year! What will u do 2 make a diff in the life of others in 2012? How about 10% of yr time or talent to a nonprofit.
I was so excited for New Years but not anymore... People really know how to fuck up my whole mood >.<
We like to sleep all day and party all night this is how we like to live our life ....I got a feeling everyday is gonah be alright !! ;D xo
Everytime I come to the Bank I think about 30 mins or less and how they robbed that bank ctfu!
I dnt know how to accept compliments .
There aren't enough words for me to describe how much I HATE clingy guys.
A purse just proves to me how inefficient women are.. Its the same thing as carrying all your crap in a plastic bag around, but prettier.
I swear EVERYBODY know how to blow up my phone when I'm sleep.
Happy Birthday to Me! I'm 18 n dnt knw how to act......
I know cats are harmless but sighhh i really dont know how to describe the fear inside of me :/
I told her I want to go out to eat tonight let's c how it turn out
learn how to run a website...people who created twitter arent too bright
its the only way i know how to deal with my anger issues
how about September and her kids ? Please send my greetings to October
New year means new life. Thank you for      Dat I learned how to move on before even 2012 come its way. Tnx 4 all d lessons and memories :-)
On my way to the store. Woke up this morning to find that we are out of K-cups. No coffee, how did this happen?
my baby is so smart he knw how to tak da pacifer out his mouth
It's about to be 11 am, how is Twitter over capacity. You people don't sleep?
The message I got! Twitter is up but overloaded! Try again later<<<<< how bout you send the hoodboogers back to Fb!!
How do Nicki Minaj real hair look? I'm starting to think she a bald headed tranny just with a little fame
Let's see how long it takes him to text me. Lol
I got a move for today, just need to see how this gone play out
“@FLBieberTeam: How does Justin go from listening to Drake, Kayne, ect to listening to that fruity ass song by that Carly girl.” haha right.
Why are people coming to my house so early like jeez ur gana be here all day how fun -___-
How to let teewee gimme notifications... :(
If Twitter is over capacity how come I'm getting some replies over my phone? Has it just decided to hate my laptop? Oh, it's back.
I'm really short dawg, I bust out laughing at how my legs look getting out the car, I had to jump. LOL!!
Lmfao has by far the most pointless annoying songs ever, im about to make a random song and repeat the lyrics and see how many hits i get
How can you call yourself a friend if your always finding excuses not to help :s
you guys had idea how hard you have to beat someone to broke their bones? it is a lot. do it with a 11 years girl is just
Give It To Me Like I Need It ;) ' You Know How To Make Me Feel It :)
Uhmm, this is making me mad. How else am I supposed to wake uppp!?
How do u copy ur contacts 4rm ur phone book to ur sim on ur bb
Wonder how I'm bout to brush my teeth and not hit this ring :/
I know how to treat a man ,
Dear AT&T uverse, how often am I expected to reset my modem to keep wifi from draaaaaaging
Sometimes you just want to scream at people to make the decisions that are blaringly obvious. How many mistakes are too many?
She left...sje packed her bags and left.. .How the fuck can she do this to us.. .I hate her i fucking hate her!
Sorry for all the tumblr tweets, peeps! I like tumblr, and dont know how to turn the automatic tweeting off!
Hmm. I guess I should put wine in the fridge & figure out how I want to cook my calamari.
Great start to the last day of 2011...if that's any indication of how 2012 is going to start I'm gonna be a happy girl!
Only I have friends that call me up to ask me how to make a quesadilla. LOL!
"@amourKYM: Happy birthday to my grandpa , I wonder how old,he is ? :/"lmao
and how long has it been because i miss you to death
Stess is holding the pillow to block the sun for me. But how long can she tough it out? "Its like I'm on survivor. I want the immunity idol"
There's a warning on this keyboard that says "to reduce risk of serious injury..." how are you suppose to injure yourself with a keyboard?!
How rude of me Good morning to everyone...
I forgot how to kiss .  .  .  .
It's sad how people change when they start to get what they want.
Ah, finally ready to use. Now to see how much tv I can actually fit on here.....
I don't know how to act...I actually slept in today. I got a whole nine hours of sleep!
I would have stayed up with you all night, .Had i known how to save a life.'8'<3
Still think the midfield is stable? Tune on to moo stadium ch 110 and see how horrible it is. P\/s: Lindegaard should have started.
Panto........don't know how I feel about going as I'm a Panto virgin. Review to follow!
Age is just a number... that tells you how close you are to death.
Its crazi how the world works because, out of all the toys in the world , people usually choose 'feelings' to play with smh
Dammit Twitter, how am I suppose to have a conversation/argument on here, when you can't update properly! Hahahahaha
Idk how I'm up went to sleep at like 5
Niggas in NY dont know how to sleep lmfao they be too loud
How do you feel ... Please tell me I really want to know *says with laughter
My dad is trying to think of how he could get on TV to make money, he came up with "Galt Shores" lol
I hate how we used to be.
There are 2 ways to get on twitter on my phone and only one will let me on how weird is that
"How lucky I am to have something that makes saying "goodbye" so hard."
Woke up this morning to a good morning text from my sweetie no mayter how often its done it always makes mr smile though.
Brock Lesnar lost again? Perfect example how you could be a world class athlete and still not know how to fight.
Its funny how people talk so much shit about someone but then try to act all buddy buddy with them. Get the fuck out of here!
“@Blair_NoCare Imma take this timeeeee to show you how much you mean to me cause YOU ARE ALL I NEED!!”
I'm just praying today works out how I want it to.
Things aren't how they used to be..
I'm kinda blown my nye's plan ain't turn out how I want them to but I'll get over it
How is that u can love a mf so much. U try to show them in Every way u can. But some how they still think u dnt care.. need a break :/
i don't know how to live later without spazzing on twitter when my bias groups come out later.
Psalm 119:9 NIV . .How can a young person stay on the path of purity? .By living according to your word.
My mama still know how to use smiley expressions!!!
To love the whole world for me is no chore. .My tough problem's the neighbor next door. How about you?
Lol...you wouldn't know how to act
I literally feel sick to my stomach, this is definitely not okay. Asdfghjk. I don't want to know how the rest of the day is gonna go.
So sick of people trying to brag about how 'cool' their lives are over FB. "omg Im in Denver!" wow you drove 6 hours north, big fucking deal
"Good morning cutie" <-funny how it took me to pretend to be a girl to get a text like that. Lmao.
Christmas home videos show how much weight I need to lose!
Lease is up today. Wonder how this next transition is goin to go..
I wanna learn how to play the drums or the guitar ..
I can't stand how everybody treats me like I'm five. All I ever hear is, "your to young." Yah, well f*** you too.
Wow - hope this is not an indication of how 2012 will go! I need to start this day over!
heading home to long island for the night despite that when i call i get "what's the matter?" instead of "how are you?"
My sister left me, so I really don't know how this day is going to turn out.
Ok, let's start again, everyone on my bet is coming in at half time, how are you guna tell me nothing matters now coz man u lost to blackbrn
I have no idea how I'm going to style my hair o_o
Just found out manutd lost, how shit are they to lose at home this from a supporter
On bus going to my mothers to pick up my 360 n games yay how I have missed thee
Tomorrow: the day incessantly asked question goes from "How was your Christmas?" to "How was your new Year's Eve?"
Tonight will be my 22nd successive New Year's Eve DJ gig - as if I needed to remind myself just how old I actually am. [PS I'm 21 and a bit]
no recollection of phone calls, texts or how I got home..food next to my bed..and apparently I grabbed boobs. I need 2 Advil.
“@JIANINGXD: I wanna go back to how it used to be.”
I'm tryin not to say nothing but how long I can keep dis 2 maself
Can somebody tell me how to get things back da way they used to be? Oh god give me a reason I'm down on bending knees...
imaa keep it how it is so you can never say how it use to be .
Need something to take to your NYE celebration? How about cupcakes?! We're open til 5 today- stop in and pick some up!
to their music changes any bad mood instantly. I feel like I know them personally, but that shows how genuinely true they are.
Its mainly because her songs seem to revolve how terrible men are. I hate that mindset.
Knn. Twitter cb. How to spam like that.
Need to find energy gold reef city theme park killed me I wonder how I'm still going to manage tonight
I am my mothers son... The things I do lol but idk how to light this hot water heater... Anybody know how?
its kind of depressing when i look outside the window of my apartment to see how other people are spending their new years
I know how to disappear...#vanishingact!!
I really need help learning how to save !
Think about takin a pic er day in 2012 til 2013 to how I change
Imma take this timeeeee to show you how much you mean to me cause YOU ARE ALL I NEED!!
RT "@aliciafebi: New year? I'm go to bed alone, and will be come to new year party at dreams. How about you?"
so im just remembering how Overeem murked on Lesnar last night. welcome to the UFC Overeem.
Am I the last person on earth to discover this awesome Flipboard app? Is this how Picard reads the news?
I know how I want to cut my hair
How can I be grieving the loss of something that was never even mine to lose?
Like seriously, is it that bad that you have to make other people's lives miserable bcuz you don't know how to keep a man/woman??
I love how the last person I talk too before I go to sleep is him and he's the first when I wake up <3
I'll never get how I go to bed at 5 or 6 and wake up at 9 well rested lol oh well no complaints
You know how to love me hard
It just shows me how important it is to have a mind of ur own and watch who you surround yourself with....
How come yu tlkn out yo ass but ain't got shit to say
Oh it works. How fun. FU twitter. Great end to the new year! Jokes.
The bowl my Grandma used to make me fairy cakes in is now her sick bowl. Oh how times have changed. Heavy shit man.
That's how it supposed to be living ...    RT als je um in je hoofd afmaakte
think I should start my old website up again and move away from tumblr. Then I need to figure out how to promote it...
Shit. How to reach my goal when Twitter ain't working!
I CAN TELL THAT THE CROWD WAITED FOR THE KIDS WEAR CROWNS TO PERFORM! LOOK HOW ALIVE THEY LOOK!!
First run with the new shoes was good. I'd really like to build on my running in 2012, now that I know how to do it (& that I like it).
People that dont know how to hold a conversation <<<<<
If I see another status about how 2012 is gna b a year of change or someone apologising to their livers I'm going on a killing spree!
How blessed are we to have made it thru another year
How can a young person stay on the path of purity? By living according to Your word. // Psalm 119:9
How did I make it to work this morning?
My new years resolution is to stop going out and drinking so much,thinking of how much money i must have spent this year on alcohol :(
Stop acting like the guy you like . He's going to like you for who you are , not how you're acting ..
Was just about to say how good it is to see Jolley back; we've been missing someone not scared to run at defences. Then he got sent off.
Ruth and I are trying to figure out how to turn my electric coat off. It heats to 120°.
Still feel poorly sick!! This is not how wanted to spend the final day of 2011!
RT"@MIZHANI_intl: They fall victim to my system , I guess I sure know how to pick EM"
I'm getting old, I am watching Sell This House. So one day I'll know exactly how to stage & decorate my house.
every time reach me how to dougie comes on i do my shoulder dance.
How bout I have nothing to wear..
i love how bari is using her phone to imitate a phone call
H&M needs to learn how to merchandise their products cause the layout is shit. They need to hire me asap
Not sure how iv managed to spend about 150 quid in less than a week..
I wish I knew how to dougie .
Last 10 mins of 2011. How u brought mass changes to each nd everyone's lives...
Gotta figure out how to link my twitter so I can tweet from my own page.
I hate for it to be this way but some mf's don't know how to maintain a friendship  or relationship
It's really cool how t-list gets to spaz and go fucking crazy together. :3
There Are No Words to Describe How Happy I Hope 2012 Will Be For EVERYONE!!!
Oh my God, I'm getting sweet paragraphs from everyone about how much I mean to them♥ This will make me forget about how bad the year was!
&&&& GOOD HAPPY SATURDAY MORNING TO YOU AND YOU AND YOU!! Its the Last one of 2011! How u gonna spend it???
And I like how some guys thought it was a good chance to let them hit uhhhhhh no!!
It's the last day of 2011.. Not sure how to feel.
Oh so i found out that my sis guessed the pw to my phone. Shes apparently used it when i left it lying around. Any1 know how to put a pw on?
People keep saying how they want me so bad but they don't know who to get me and damn sholl wouldn't know how to keep me! I am VERY PICKY!
Umm... I'm trying to leave Cidhna Mine with a group of other people, and when I get to the end it tells me I need a key to exit. Help?
hmph, why do yu wanna be flexible ? lol “@GivDaDrummaSum_ I need someone really good at yoga to help me get flexible”
Anyone good at physics? I really need your help.
I need more followers plz help
You need some help don't hesitate to hit  me up you know..I ain't w/that lil boy shit, girl I'm just lettin you know
I need alcohol someone please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Omg !!!!!
I'm selfish I need you too my self! I can't help it ..
i need help, if you have no me facebook (its in my bio) go look at my last status and see if you can help me please :)
Need help with ways to measure muscle activity: I'm doing a university project in Sweden where i want to continuously measure the act...
I need a ride from Norman to Edmond today. Any kind souls want to help out??
"I need this" playing in my ears. Jessie J help me understand.
I need help...can some 1 tell me where i can do community service
Got off early...I'm glad too bc that serial killer started staring again...she need help or new medication
I still don't have my New Years resolution??? I need help????
I need one more follower, please help;)? I will love you forever if you RT this:)❤❤❤..
I need help putting my eyelashes on because I will probably end up making myself partially blind
I need someone really good at yoga to help me get flexible
I need some intelligent conversation to relieve the boredom caused b 3 hours revision...help?
Feeling some type of way today already. Wtf I need a drink maybe that will help.
I need to do my eyebrows they're crying for help !
I really need sum help
TeamFollowBack... I need more followers... I follow back... Help out!!!!!!!!!!!
"@samarayman3: can you help cuz i really dont need a best friend right now" samar ente onn
Mannnn I need help with dhiss work..
Have a BIG scene to shoot tonight for Duval Mash Up 4 that I really need help w/..not getting any luck w/ finding someone 2 help...smh.
I need to clean this room,  anybody wanna help me?  Lol =}
I think imma redo my room.... I have a few ideas... Just need some help....
I don't need no help my nigga I can do bad on my own
this is me, I love myself, yeah, fuck everyone else I don't need nobody's help 'cause this is love 2012
I like my school but if my mama does this and I need to stay closer to home to help her out while I go to school then thats what it is...
Somebody text me. I need help getting through this funeral.
I don't need your 'help'.
I wonder if Wayne mom need help ,
I need to make a run to walgreens. Nyquil will help bring in the new year.
Someone stop me shopping! Ergh I need help
well dude i think i know you realm alexstraza but i need help to get the actioneer thing i cant find it… judt pst me or message idc
"@MelaniEdge: twitter friends! I need 1000 'likes' on my facebook page. won't you help a girl out?" Done!
Alright do I need everyone's help. I need some new songs for my iPod! Anyone have any suggestions?
Well brunch with the girls certainly flopped today how can I just wake up X_X I need help
Finally about to go home. I don't need your attitude. Especially when i was trying to help you.
Need help! Where do I take my computer to get fixed?? It won't turn on.
I need help, wanna go a church tonight? who's going church x
What do you do when your dog has attachment issues, I can't even go use the toilet jesus!! I seriously need help... Seriously
Anybody following me from denmark? & are willing to help me learn danish? please tweet me & let me know? i need help :(!
AHHHH I started twitter yesterday and I only have4 people following me.... I need more what do I do? HELP ME!!
I need someone's advice right now.. Can someone help me?
i need a new twitter app ! this one acting a ass  help please?
I don't want 2011 to leave. I know I should because I need to put all this behind me and move on, but I can't help but linger in the past.
I........Need......help.
Let me know if you need my help  I can find mo with no prob I got an app on my phone that can find lizards
I need help with these blinds. Someone come help me
Yoooo, I need some bomb weed fa tha new years!! Nobody in MIA wanna help a nigga out??? =D
ALSITI NURHAHHAAAAAAA IN ACTION HAHAHAHA CANT HELP IT I JUST NEED TO TWEET THIS HAHAHA
There are days when am not okay & I need your help.
Help I need somebody.
Guys like me need 2 or 3, I can't help myself I love girls
I need all my followers to help make this day go by fast! Call, tweet, text hell come visit me!!!
2012....I need to be happier...help a sister out. Thx
I need cigar,haaaa.. Plis help me somebody!! Jhahahaa..
Booth work today i need help with my protools
I need to stop complaining about my mom; I mean she is worsome but it's not like she's not trynna help.
I need sum1 to help me change my alternator....any1 here who cud b of help? Thanks x
I need help ¡Par Favar!
"@stephaniebianco: Omg like am I stupid? Why can't I curl my own hair... I need help! New years is tomorrow night :(" yes you are stupid..
Only need 6 more followers till i have 100 followers everybody please help me reach my goal i follow back i <3 TVD. .~Team Delena Forever~
Some body help me..! I need hot girl friend.
I congratulate you opening! I need your help well this year also.
But c me idnt tak to much of ppl advice idk y but I think everybdy got problems so y yu help'n me wen yu need help urself  smh dats juz me..
I love pussy, but I don't love these women. I need help!
I have a horrible addiction to sweets! I really need help!!!
This bitch just told me she hope I die , & die slow . Ahahaha oh my gosh she need some mental help .
DAT BOY NEED HELP . MOMA SO SLOW SHE SAID SHE BOUNCED JEFF SAID YES SHE BOUNCED!! KML ;) DO U GET IT MOM SHE GONE I DNT UNDERSTAND ! MAN WTF
Who's awake and knows how I braid hair. I need mine done before I go to work! Help please
I need something to do tonight... Help Please!!!!
Sometimes I do you need a mans help and I do wish I had a boyfriend...I can admit that.
This chick in my DMs need to let me help her be a better dick sucker. She said she only a beginner. I got 8in she can practice wit...
Who has a printer I need your help
A Happy New Year.  .There were many negative things last year. I think that I want you to be positive this year. I need your help this year.
Depression is setting in! I need to see someone! No cry for help just had to let it out. Know this maybe the wrong place but who cares!
- i need fucking help
FASHION GURU. I NEED YOUR HELP - IF YOU UP TO DATE WITH FASHION, PLEASE READ. CLICK HERE
Let me hurry & get my ass out BBC she done already started that I need ur help its the end of the world shit
My teenagers view me as if I'm in need of medical help
I hate New Year. I do not want to go out. I am hanging. I need help.
I only need 11 more followers by midnight...who is gonna help me? Lol
Ugh getting tired now! Least Tammy is back so she can help me :D think I'll need a nap before going out tonight!!
Does anybody around work or know someone who works at twitter? I need some help getting an abandoned username released...
help,i need somebody,not just anybody
Twitter I need your help please....anyone know anywhere online that stocks PRASENT ribbons/trims please??
damn i think i need serious help regarding the T-accounts, somebody please help me when school reopens!:((((
I need help getting symbols 4 my IPhone !
im addicted to a game on a childs website.  .  . think its fair to say i need help
I have a lot of decision to make and I still need your help, I still need your opinion.
Jus occurred 2 me I miss my hair appointment yesterday smh I need 2get my hair dun tf uhhh I hope I dnt have to do it.. A lil help plz lol
I m jobless I need a job help me 03452821982 .Javeed khan show
People that ask dumb questions like"am I pretty".If u need someone to tell you're pretty before u believe it then you need help
I need someones help plz! message me if you live in Orillia and you're a Bell customer for your celly!
I need about 3 shots of espresso to get through this drive... :/ Lord help us! Maybe Ash will keep me up! Doubted tho! Lololol
honestly think I need some kind of help with this Victoria's Secret obsession I have going on ...
These hoes need to wake up.. Even tho Jazmin kept waking up to help when I threw up .. How nice
Ok, I found my solution I just need that extra help.
I need a second jooooooob! Anyone wanna help me out?
I need something to help me keep my mind off of this : /
Yooooo, my head is banging! I'm not used to drinking without smoking smh I need help! Lol
Need to get my Dre Beats fixed, screws have come loose and it don't help that I also sat of them
I need a fucking belly ring! Mine fell out. & I'm not homee. Someone help :(
Just shocking good job I got plenty of beer at home to help me get over it coz am gonna need it that was a disgrace
Just thought of the perfect avi for the summer! But I need oomf's help in about 5 different ways.
hey peoples i wanna say that when you need help to make your dream come  true ... i will help all of you  to make your dream come true (:
Headed back to SFO. Looking forward to the new year.  Resolution: never eat alone.  I might need your help!
I need to remember quality not quantity, Lloyd won't reply if you tweet him 200 times but if you give him a decent tweet! Can't help myself!
Talking KPOP. I might need some help from you guys here 8P.
Some "Fergie Out" banners being unfurled in the Paul Stretford End Family Stand. I may need to stay behind to help sort this out.
Money money money ! Why are you so beautiful? I need you and your friends right now! Moneeey ! :0 . .Help me ><
people that say 'i love you' just so they get a 'i love you to' need help.
Do I need help getting to my car? It's pancakes, ihop, not a television.
All my lil einsteins wanna disappear now I need help *cries*
fuck fustrated because i need help and need to wait for it cant do it on my own fuck
GingerDread_man astata92  alexjankowski52 brandon if i ever need help how to not talk to a girl, ill
I need help I can't figure out what shirt to wear tonight  irritating !!
I need my New York family to help me find a place to live. ;-)
I thinkYou need help
Wake and bake!! No help tho.. I need dis perso
I need help lol
I need 2 tix to the IU game tonight, any help? They can be student tix.
Ok tweeps! I need your help deciding whether I'm on some ninja logic!
Imma stop being there for people cause as soon as I need help everybody missin
That was a deadly serious tweet... I can't drive to save my life I need constant guidance on how to do it HELP
Welllllll back to reality... I need a job. ugh help
Help guys-->"@ShottaZee: I need someone to kiss at 12 in the Vaal area."
So i really need something to do today someone anyone........HELP!!!!!!!!!! HAHA XD
Calling all Olympic Weightlifters that know their history, I need terminology help, COME TO MY AID!
I carved "CRY FOR HELP" into my forearm as a teen but my parents only remarked on how I need to work on my penmanship skills.
I only need 1 more follower untill 100 followers! I'm going to give a shoutout to my 100th follower. Please help me get that follower! RT!!!
who's awake right now?! i need some help deciding which bag to buy!!
Okay so only 38 more followers to go, by the end of the night?! Think I can do it ? Need your help though, you've been great so far! : )X
COME ON PPL! HELP ME OUT HERE! I NEED PLANS!
HELP. My Macbook screen has gone dark. I could see the menu just about to shut it down. Brightness does nothing. Anything I can/need to do?
I need help who can call mi right now sh*t
I think we need a confidence at the back, keep Mills, get rid of Bamba and bring in a tackler. Two Wingers and a Target man to help strikers
"SECURITY I NEED HELP, THIS BITCH STALKIN!!!!!!!!" -PLIES lmaoooooooo
I NEED VOTES. will i change my username to claremaine or will i keep it this? seriously, help.
I am surrounded by bang-las! ! I need OXYGEN! ! ! Help call 995! !
I'm beggining to realize I'm just not the dating type. I get bored too quickly. SMH I need help.
I need to send a fax to the USA but I ain't got a machine! Can anyone local help me out?
Is there some drug or therapy for EPL addicts??? I need to quit this fanship madness for my heart's health. Help! SadManUfan :(
I really do need to start saving... But I can't help but spend it.
When I need your help, also I need you do carefully and responsibility
i need help , plz smbdy I'm reachn out . i rlly dnt wanna do it
So if I make this page I'll need some help admining it, would anyone be interested?? :3 ~Luna
I need some pain killers so bad, that nap clearly didn't help me what a GREAT way to end the year.! :-(
I need to reclaim my house from the Christmas decorations that have taken over.... help me...
30 days   ♏Ɣ birthday. Need   learn d Tango dance fast or I'm screwed... HELP!!!!
I need 44 more followers till I get to 1000. I doubt I'm getting to 1000 by next year but RT this and help me anyway?
I need charger now , help me :(
I need a new pic :( someone help me pic one. Look on my twitpic and choose one :P
I need help! I wanna dye my hair, but wht color?!
Ok! I am in the homestretch now.... I only need 121 more ppl to make it to 1000 followers! Who wants to help me make it to the finish line?
guyyys i need help i need one more follower ...
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy who else gon feed we? If I need it ima get however, God help me.
Anybody following me from denmark?! & are willing to help me learn danish? please tweet me & let me know? i need help :(
I need to disturb my Neighbours. What should I do??? Anyone...help! AHHHH!! NEED TO DISTURB THEM SO BADLY.
Can't help but be disapointed Westham I know we got injuries and suspensions but 5 forwards on the bench so need some players in the window
Damnit time is moving sooooo  slow -_- I need to be busy! Perhaps a second job will help =)
It remains this year also and small.  .I need your help well next year also.#twinglish
Guys, I need  help pl. Writing new songs about desirable human personality ,traits. Q: What r the best 3 to have in a persons personality?
Damn bitch You need 20 hoes to help you , Lmao i Aint tripin doe got my rounds
I need 11 more followers...please help :o
I'm need to cry for very long time ☹!!, Help me ☹
I need help
I need co-owners in this account, wish someone could help me :cc
Omg I need 6 followers before midnight!! Please help me out y'all
I need some help.. Should I buy an iPad it not?
If I see u trying to succeed n need help I'm there for you, but if think its gone come to you easy, "YOU THEW"..
Who has the ipod touch 4g ? I need help please
Man I'm fuckin tired of bein this big. I wanna have some abs and shit. Its ALOT of hard work and I need a friend to help.
Someone help!! I need a guide to twitter....
I need help lol
Scotty Made Our Year<---------- TREND this mccreerians I need ur help!!!
Hey people, I need your help, can any of you tells me if anywhere got road block checking? Please tweet me if you meet any around thanks! :)
I need a little help from my friends.
Fuck i need some help ...
I need a sensei to help me unlock these magical powers women seem to possess over men cuz I really just don't believe that
Anybody following me from denmark? & are willing to help me learn danish? please tweet me & let me know? i need help :( .D:
Please..Help.. I need 1 follower fr "130" xx
I need some help overhere..........
Ciroc dat shit sum bullshit now “@vito_marley I need sum help finishing off dis peach its like half a liter remaining”
Ima Tweet For  Her Til I Get In Twitter Jail Cause She NEED HELP .
2012 if you need a job I will help you some people are just lazy I hate those types
All I know is I'm gonna need god to help me through this forreal!!!
I need an invite for Pinterest for my wife.  Can someone help.
I need to bust a nut any help ???
hmm i guess I need help, lol I'm kind of new :)
Anybody following me from denmark? & are willing to help me learn danish? please tweet me & let me know? i need help
I need to check the weather for tonight thats gone help me choose what im wearing
I need a new job so bad, please help :(
Today,I'd pray for my enemies nd my loved ones!Enemies-so God will help u out whr u need help;Loved ones-God will continue to bless u all!
Smh I'm crazy as hell...I need some help.
I was thinking if could be possible to get 1000 followers until 2012 but I think it's impossible... I need 80 followers! Any help?
And I need YOUR help to get those 6 followers!
Habis ? Please help me god i need the pil !
I jus need god to help me through this one things jus got to real
Okay Followers I Need Your Help .. Should I Get Mii Hair Straight Or Spirals ( Curls ) ?
Security i need help Cus this bitch stalkin!!
This might be a shot in the dark, but I need a suggestion on a good haircut place south of Dayton..  help???
girls cant help me with this. i need a guy.
I'm drinking plenty of water to help flush these toxins. Oh and I need my vitamin too
I really need to remember to pay my rent before I head out to Fresno tonight. Somehow, I don't think tweeting about it will help.
Anybody following me from denmark? & are willing to help me learn danish? please tweet me & let me know? i need help :(
I never wanna do full again! never even if they really need my help! I really become retarded rdyyy
I just need 6 more .Followers and my goal is completed. Please help :)
Im left out now :/  .I always feel sad, nothing makes me happy, I'm always depressed and I can't help it. .I need cheering up, please help
Its tha last day of the year bout to make myself  a big breakfast  an go hammer ! Workout jus what i need to help clear the mind
sober and can't forget what he whispered in my ear, yo papi! I couldn't help but notice you. Drink? I need a slave for the night. U
I also need a holding page designed ASAP of any one can help xxx
I fucking hate my mom, bitching at me because I need to help her clean ! Bitch you cook I clean and do laundry every fucking day !
please i need your help
I need help deciding on what to wear tonight, I will post two pictures and please help me!!! :) x
I always help others out but I need help they chat so much shit
Need to call my cousin/sister I need her help
I need help! Anyone got great gift ideas for a boyfriend whose turning 18?!?! No clothes... I'm like stuck.
God be lookin out some lady said she found my wallet in her yard!!!! .... Now I just need God to help me find a way out there to go get it!
Needs iphone help... Do I need 32MB or will 16MB be okay?
Man i need some more followers help me out here ppl. ! AHA lol.
I need to go :С help my mom and all that :D  Happy New Year. I love u!
I need to clear my mind.. I'm praying the church services change or do something to help before 2012
Hi friends, I am new on twitter world, need help!!!
ok my kouhaku streaming stopped! i need a new one! help!
I have so much to do to get my house ready for tonight.. I need serious help.
Need NYE plans?  Hit me up I may be able to help you out
Guys I need inspiration for my fanfic . I've written until chap 5 already . Help !
Help? I have an idea for a small online comic and need some software that is beginner friendly. Any suggestions?
I wish my girlfriend would wake up . I need her to help me feel better .
"@TheFabMsCat: I really should get up..."< Need help? (Yells)GET YO MUTHAPHUCKIN AZZ UP LOL
ii don't need a pack of niqqaz to watch for me I'm not a bitch ii can fight my own battles....ii don't need help I'm not a pussy.....#RNS
read. 2012 I must focus on health. Perhaps alot of you out there need to also. I was raised with sugar, and being a baker doesn't help.
Mom said I am only till 11pm here. NO MOM I NEED AT LEAST 30 MINUTES TO HELP TREND SUNGMIN.
i would LOVE to have 200 followers before 2012.. i need 9 more!... help me out?♥
“@newMally203: I need help wit my daughter hair wtf am I suppose to do I dnt even kno where to start”- dito give her 2 ponys BFF
I need help with a fb status, lmao
I want to have 3,500 follows by tonight. I only need 5 more. Can anyone help me? :)
[ATTENTION] We need a help to make a forum too. I don't know anything about making a forum kekekekeke :p
Need help getting Android market on my new tablet. I'm rooted and ready to go. Who can help?
London is lovely, but it's also loud and smelly, and way too far away from my loves. I need someone to smooch at midnight, help me, twitter!
Help! I need some advice on my new book and torn between first person vs third person....any signposts to a good forum - thank you :-)
i needed to hear that, so i guess we helped each other. it warms my ♥ to be able to help someone in need & be appreciated @ the same time.
I need help... I have a choice  either a 46 in Sony BraviA 3D Led Tv or a 52 inch Samsung LCD??? Are the 3D tvs really worth it??
I need help wit my daughter hair wtf am I suppose to do I dnt even kno where to start
I've done it. I've signed up to weight watchers. Real life friends, I need to behave and not eat crap. HELP ME IN THIS.
I need my hair retwisted can somebody help me !!!
Just realised I know what trains are called I think I need help
"I need ___ followers before midnight, help me!!!" No, shut the fuck up.
If any girls need help getting their hair blow dried I'd be happy to help
Fuck. I need help lol. I'm addicted to twitter! I'm a twitaholic XD
I'm sucha fool ! Making weed a letter saying how much I miss it .. Psh I need help !! LOOOO
I want to reach 400 followers before 2011 ends :) It would be an excellent way to start 2012, I need your help twitter people! please RT xx
Really thank you for being there whenever i really need help
I have to set my outfit for New Year. I might need some help
This nigga said I need to help him learn how to sing... uh...
I need 5 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! =)
ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO PERMANENTLY SYNC ALL THE MUSIC FROM A IPOD TO  ITUNES ??? I need help lol neva b
I need 5 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! :D
I'm planning to donate 1K but I need the help of my friends...
I need 5 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! :DDD
I need someone to Help me ☹
I need 5 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! :DDDD
I need help getting out the bed....smh. I think im stuck.
Honestly mum, a beer WILL help me write 1,000 words before 5pm. Need all the help I can get!
"@IdzharShahren: When i need help,you're not there...haishh..." Yeaa i know..
I need one more boy to help me do something .
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! =))
I'm counting down the followers I need till 400. 6 MORE FOLLOWERS!!!! Yaaay I'm so happy. :D Who will help me???? :D
When i need help,you're not there...haishh...
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! <333
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! :DDD
i need 2000 followers by new years, yall help me !!!
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back!
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! <3
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! =)
i need help getting out of bed
I need someone to help me now..
I need 6 more followers I wanna have 400 followers before 2012 please help me I follow back! :D
I need to pack someone help me :(
I need a massage asap, back's still killin and medicine won't help
And The Coolest Girl has been playing on loop in my mind since 8 o'clock. I need help.
Someone.. I need help figuring out Tumblr! Pls.. (:
CtHYO - Office driving you CRAZY! Do ya need data, file, or system organization? Call me I am Certified to Help You Out. 615 400 7166
CtHYO - Do you really need all the software you have loaded? Lets look and see. Call me I am Certified to Help You Out. 615 400 7166
If anyone need advice y'all can always talk me. Idc what I'm doin I'll help you . Cuz dhat what kind of friend I am❤
Why have I left everything till the last minute! Need to be in an hour help!
Anyone need homework help? I'm free...
Im more of a sinner than a saint. Got a dusty bible on my shelf I just pick it up when I need help lord knows there's a lot I need to change
Hey all plz I need help hahaha nsweet el keey car d5l el sho asawy :(
I've just realised that I'll need people from the start to help me with this...damn..and they need to be people who don't know me
PLEASE !!! I need your help hahahaha !! My nail polish for tonight : Blue or Grey ???? :D
how do you add photos on here ?? i need help
Help, I need somebody .Help, not just anybody .Help, you know I need someone, help! ♪ Beatles haha
I need to get woke up this morning. Been at work for an hour so far after less than 5 hours of sleep. Country Kitchen breakfast will help
uploaddd three picture,need a new twitcon,BUT I CANT CHOOSE, help<3
Or...maybe chehosky's?! I need help! 50 hour work weeks don't allow me to make plans.
I need somebody to help me work this tablet -_____-
I need sum help finishing off dis peach its like half a liter remaining
I need some help someone Please???
i need your help guys. im gonna post a pic of my outfit and you tell me if it looks alright okay? :)
I need an eye patch. Help.
O_O“@ZahirAli: UWAKA"@ItzMoha_Seeraj: Why Is Life Like This, I Need Education Papa God, I Don't Want To End Up Like Zahir.. Dear Lord Help
God help me and my sleep pattern.  I need help.
sick , tired , sleepy , exhausted and i still have to study for my final exam tomorrow :C god i need help!
Need some help what should I get for my birthday ??? <3
RT i need help to get more followers!!!!!!
hi tlist i need help in getting a nice free gif maker software from online. suggestions? :D
I need help. The institutional type.
I need your help! I am wearing sequins tonight but what makeup would compliment it?
17 hours and change left from this year. I still need to clean the garage,do the yard,help a friend,shave,and all kinds of shit. Little time
2012...may i never need the help of my friends buh they can need mine sha....May I find favor in the midst of strangers....IJN.
Is there anyone from the US that has 99cents to spare? ITS NOT EVEN A DOLLAR! I need help you guys.
Some people tell me that I need help, some people can fuck off and go to hell...
All my twithren I need help, what shld I wear today? TRU'S & J's, meks & nikes, rocks & rockports or girbuad's & foams
Thought I was doing biology then the next I'm creating a masterpiece saying 'I love you krusty' I need some help
SELENA GOMEZ FANS I NEED YOUUU PLZ HELP!! TWEET ME NOW!
c'mon i need 40 followers than i won 200$ c'mon help me xxx
UWAKA =)) "@ItzMoha_Seeraj: Why Is Life Like This, I Need Education Papa God, I Don't Want To End Up Like Zahir.. Dear Lord Help Me!!"
What? .You don't know anything about me. .I do not need your help. . .Get out of my sight.
peopleeeeeeee, i need your help. can i wear a dark blue skirt a cream/black top and a black cardigan?
I SRSLY NEED HELP RIGHT NOW
maybe I should leave to help you see, .nothing is better than this, and this is everything we need.
I don't really have a list of New Year's resoLutions but I do have some things I need God to heLp me with.  So much is about to change.
I need help cleanin out my closet any takers ???
“@itsAliceeee I need 12 more followers, trying to reach 900 before the end of the year, anyone who wants to help? RT x”
Why Is Life Like This, I Need Education Papa God, I Don't Want To End Up Like Zahir.. Dear Lord Help Me!!
I may not know everything about being a mother and "complained" but im a damn good mom to my child and dont need a niggas help.
I have a hard time with keeping comments to myself that's something I need to work on but I can't help it *shrugs*
I just need 8 Followers, so i have 50! Pleas help me to get 50 :))
I need something to help me workout and that's gonna be it...
I only need 6 more to get to 100 will u please help out before midnight RT x
i need 4 more followers!!!!! please help?x
I need help!
I need a laptop badly... A net book ipad anything that has internet like a computer i only have my mobile anyone can help tweet me qould ...
Why am I addicted to going to Asda, I need help.
Security i need Help cause the b*tch stalking !!!!
GETTING ON CAM THIS MORNING. Guess what? My paychec is $0 that goes to me. I need help today,  big time! <3
Amazon only sells the MP3s to the US, so I need help!
guys can you help me reach 100 followers ? i just need 6 more :D pls RT
please RT this ;) I need to get more followers..trying to reach 100 :) any help? x
I NEED LEGOS...who can help me?
I love to help and encourage people. Where can I go when I need advice and encouragement? I just don't know what to believe anymore.
Can I recommend anyone to the Camp America programme? (Aged 18-30) All I need is your name and email address! I'll appreciate your help! :D
I'm gonna end up spending more money I need to budget myself it's gettin outta control but i can't help myself
Good morning! It's New Year's Eve! A lot of things I'll tell God I need help changing in my New Year...even tho He already knows
Need to find an 'argument' that I can get the script for, for my english. :S Help?
i see ma bros & sistars we truly need help. to put off our sin man including maself
i am new to twitter, need help.
RIGHT GUYS I NEED YOUR HELP
What can I tweet!?!? I need help!! =) Mood: lol
I need to clean up my house today anybody wana help?? No?? Ok cool then forget yall
Need a bag for tonight but the only place I'm going now is to Asda. Help.
Need to go grocery shopping next week. But I ride a motorcycle. Someone help me out
“@chloelovettexxx: Need 423 folowers by midnight, help me get to 3000!  Naughty pictures if I do x” please everyone follow her!! She's hot
I honestly think it's somethin wrong wit me, I feel like I need help
trying to release my stress by singing.. but I really need someone who understands me and can help me ..
I def need someone's help today ..
I only need 13 more followers before 2012 please help and RT?
I need many things to help me live but I need only you to make life worth living.
IF I GO 2 SME BODY HOUSE 2 SLEEP OVER I HELP THEM CLEAN IF THEY NEED HELP BT Y CNT I DO DAT 2 MI OWN HOUSE.??? TF.!
Come on folks i need more followers. Help !!!!
Man. I really need four more followers. Please RT this and help :) xx
This is me, I love myself. Yeah, fuck everyone else. I don't need nobodies help 'cause this is love 2012.
pls i need your help
I need help jeez
Ppl keep asking do I need help im to scared to say yea so ill b waiting on my slow brother
I need help or NYE is gonna be a myth...
I just need 8 more followers till 900! Can someone pleasee help? ♥
I really need some help with this tweetering this all new to me
jonasandhearts or savemejonas ? i need a new username.. SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE?
I feel so tired today...I need massage....who want to help???
I’ll need all of your help to hold me accountable and cheer me on to reach my goal. Thank you! . – If you want to see what I’m doing,
Guy on omegle: I'm gonna teach you a lesson girl! .Me: maths? .Guy: no how to orgasm! .Me: well if it's all the same I need help with fractions
I need help planning a wedding. Seriously. It's this summer. Help.
U dnt wanna kno my thoughts right now you'll probably say I need help
Tbh I thought I moved on, clearly wrong cause for the past 2 days I've been up all night/day thinking/missing/crying over you. need help.
i need help on my singing careeri am 15years old
“@infoarchitect: I need better Twitter followers!!”  .Here, let me help you with that. *unfollows*
If I am celebrating new year outside, I will never forgive myself. I am too exhausted because today I was busy help my auntie. I need a rest
"@ElizaKuti: I need to make £200 pounds asap, who wants to help?" ME!
I would give my last to any friend even if they never thought i would have their back i will be there whenever they need my help
Might need to pop to Audi to buy a bigger car, I have 20 bags of things to go back and I have finished yet, help!!!
If people try to help, I need to remember not to care. It is their heart and if they want it hurt fine with me. Was only trying to help
Seeing this hot black guy in the bar, my dick can't help itself but to point at him! I need him in me!
when you tweet about something for example..your hair&then someone  feels the need to tweet you a virus,no i dont want help with my hair bye
help! i need somebody
I need 200 followers before ending this year, someone can help me ??
Tonight i'm so lonely. I need help!!
I need to start packing but I'm too hungover to even start.....help! :)
I have a serious sleeping condition I need to get medical help!!!!
I need 2000 tweets this New Year . 3 hours left nlg :) help me
I NEED TO HAVE ATLEAST 1,000 FOLLOWERS BEFORE 2012CAN SOMEONE HELP ME?
I need to do some soldering to get my audio interface hooked up to speakers, but son wants help with his bouncy ball kit
Choose BlackBerry or iPhone? (: I need your help!
Arre I need 13 followers to reach 800 I have been waiting since past two weeks :( help me out :-L
2011 low moment. Knowledge dt I can't help a sibling in dare need. Bc it involves foreign currency
I need someone to help me choose what to wear tonight! I have no idea!!
Good morning everyone! How's everyone? Just woke up and in a couple minutes I need to help my dad work. D:
She tryna get me to quit both of my jobs talkin bout ill help you pay for school.. last thing I need is to depend on someone!!!
The BS: these 2 ugly dumbasses need help in calculus but are my friends, I should lend a hand: not honest but no other way it'd work
I NEED 35 MORE FOLLOWERS IN 30 MINS PLEASE RT SO I CAN REACH MY GOAL :):) PLEASE HELP A DIRECTIONER :):) PLEASE XX
I have a dirty secret. Country music. I can't help it. Just downloaded another album.  . .I need help I know.
I need help with functioning correctly today
I have the weirdest dreams ever... seriously what is my mind?! I need help
ughh I can't help it. I NEED to sleep -________________-
Does anybody know how to use the scoring feature on FL10 or Cubase 5??? .I need help asap!!!!!!!
I've just sat and watched Barbie and the Three Musketeers. I think I may need professional help.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -Mark Twain . .I am here if you need help getting started!  Message me!...
I think your dumb and you need a lot of help.
Somebodeehhh, help me! I do need entertainment rite now ~o~
If any K10 is reading this and free right now, tweet me. I need help.
"@ujejuh: I need help oh,how does one cover swollen eyes with make up Biko?"Who beat u
arrghhh I need help. What is this?
I need to make £200 pounds asap, who wants to help?
please follow me everyone i get 200$ if i get 100 followers before tomorrow please help me c'mon the money is for my little sis she need it
What am I even talking about idk I need sleep or help or something
I need to move out and I need a roommate. Help.
Insure you an satisfy my needs, and I'm grateful if you could. I am desperate and I need your help. I can feel my tongue wrapped around ...
Need help choosing the last song I am going to listen to in 2011 I'm thinking either YMAS, Green Day or Guns 'n' roses!
Guys I need your help~ Can you please link to me the Performance of UKISS yesterday, please..~
I need something to take my mind off of how hot this hair drier is.. HELP!
I'm actually quite near 700 followers. Not gonna ask for any help to get the 15 I need though cos I can get these bitches by myself
I need 3 more followers to get 100 followers :) pleassss someone help me
Someone just need  me when he/she really need help, but when I need help from he/she, he/she just say " Wait " ...
Whoever invented the game Words With Friends I hope there is a plan to open up a rehab center soon because I'm addicted and need help lol
You need help “@unruly_at_heart: I have to finish this chicken I brought from home. I can't carry it into 2012. Mba.”
I need motivation to clean this messy room. Anyone wanna help?
I need a Verizon phone man somebody help me find one
Okayyyy so i need help!! Hw do i put my picture uph here???
I need 31 followers to the 200...please help me to have 200 today...the 31 people hat fllow me today is going to have follow back
Lord, i need more money for 2012. please help me to strive harder, i need to repay so much to my parents before time runs out.♥,ur daughter
most of us think that sadqa is enough to help those who are in need, i believe we should visit them more,some of them need someone 2 listen
If I only learn one one thing this new year it is to be content. .And if I only do one thing this year it will be to help someone in need.
Please lord please help me I want  to go to that party please sos I need your help please
off to help my bro move...grrrrr8! tbh i do need to burn off the multiple christmas dinners i ate!
Some day I will need a stranger's help. That's y I helped a destitute man this morning.
I need 5 Followers to get to 670....wonder if i l get that before the New Year Any help would be appreciated lol....
I'M LOOKING FOR A GOOD ANIMATOR/ARTIST WHO WILL HELP ME WITH A CARTOON IDEA. ALSO. NEED VOICE ACTORS!!! RT PLZ!!!!
I need a job y'all! Help me out
My first drink today is coca cola...I need help.
I asked hu wnts to help with my law n ya'll aired it! Well fuk u den! Dnt cum to me in 7yrs wen u need a lawyer *notinterestedface*
I need VIP access tonight for Club LAX in Orlando, Fl tonight!! Can anyone help me with that?!?
I need 8 more followers to reach 100 by tonight! Please help :)
Well I take that back I need to change some ways that I think might help!
Yet again I'm tweeting from my bath. And yet again I think I need mental help. Nice bath though....
Need 423 folowers by midnight, help me get to 3000!  Naughty pictures if I do x
I feel sorry for the girl in game that keeps getting ignored when she asks if people need help
I need 2 more haters to finish the year off strong, my 'hater quota' @ 100%.. I hope my ladies dresses on POINT tonite cuz I need the help!
Twitter! I need help!
I need followers. anyone want to help me? ;)
Hmm i need some help over here. Putting the Vale into a Plist :P Anyone?
Some people will ignore me until they need mi help I know ppl use me but that's ok cause I know they need me more than I need them.#realtalk
Anyone Tell Me What I Should Talk About In My Youtube Channel... NEED HELP.
Another Nre Year's Eve over, uneventful as usual. I need to get out more, it'd help if I liked people I suppose.
I need help usinf this twitter thing sum1 help -- soo fuckin confusing Jheezeee :(
i need streaming link omg help
I always read mobs as moobs. I need help
I need so much help right now. Please come and help me move.
I need help :/ :(
If i didn't ask for your help.... I don't want it....if I need it I'll probably ask you.... And I don't need from people too often.
I don't need nobodys help  yeah fuck everyone else
If I tell you I'm broke , help me out. Don't ask me if I need help , matter of fact , just don't ask me anything.
Im experiencing emotions I've never felt before....i need help getting thru.
"Sister , I need your help !" quase falei pra minha mana ... '-'
I Need Help I Don't Know How Too Work My Salon Express Thingy
Our main page has just gone awry....i need help. sigh. At least the blog is looking great.
Boko Haram or No Boko Haram, i'm going to church tomorrow..i need serious help from God
Hi ,   . .I am homeless . .I need your help  you can help me here:  .UBBSBGSF .BG13UBBS80021062925830
i need advice what do i do if someone hits me in the back of my head i feel dissy and cant breath properly i need help? ~holly
Hmm dress or jeans? Heels or converse? I need my GBB to help.
I need 29 more followers :) Help please <3
I'll be the help whenever you need me!
i need a new background :( help me!
“@Farina_R2i: I need to slap myself outta this mood I'm in!”I can help with the slap:)
only 45 to go! please I need to get out of bed a some point? i'll help you to if you need it
I need 5 More followers till I reach 450, anyone Help? :) (a) xx
Come to me when u need help or feel worry. Go away when u're happy and all ur problem has cleared. I'll be fine.. Don't share ur happiness..
Dear Ms Oprah Winfrey I am a us army vet and I need your help to save my home and family please help me!please!
Morph kicked in. Feel nothing now.. Tired of bein like this. Need someone to help i tried by myself an relapsed. not wanted much...
OK GUYS, I NEED SOME HELP!
need 200 quid so i can go out.. and get shit faced wonder who could help me out ??
