I cannot believe how fast 2011 went. I'm watching a retrospective and I'm thinking did that really happen this year?
Am waiting for America to wake up with Bachman in office going "Duh. How did that happen?" ... Just like Bush.
I be waking up with less clothes on than I had on when I went to sleep. How does that happen?
Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.
found out yesterday that although he hasn't posted to Facebook in a while, people everywhere still know what he's up to. How's that happen?
Client walks in today for his appt...nxt week! He thought today was the 7th!!! How does that happen? I've been behind a day b4 but a week?!
Barnsley 4-1 Leeds. How does that even happen? It's so embarrassing at times when supporting Leeds.
How I Know That Was Going Happen .
W-o-w, 29 likes on my profile picture on facebook. How the heck did that happen?
Ummm how did that happen??
In a matter of hours it will be The Year I Have a Book Out. Trippy. How the hell did that happen?
Chance for Keogh - wide. How many times have we heard that? Well done to Nunez at least he tried to make things happen
I don't know how I'm going to do that but yes, it will happen (((: VIRTUALLY XD
Oh hey, my hair is a different color, how did that happen? :-)
Its funny, how when stuff happen u quick to run tell that......lmao
Forty-frickin'-one. How did that happen?
omgg muscle cramp in my boob how does that even happen??
Ahhh! I sit down to do a few things on the computer and all of a sudden it's 5 hours later! How does that happen?
not a big football fan but how did that happen @ Old Trafford!
It's Christmas Eve, how did that happen? Well Merry Christmas for tomorrow everyone! :) My little Che6ScZ
Its crazy how I would never let that happen not even in a dream but fuck my face hertS lol
My girls will be gone o_O Idk how that happen *happy feet dance*
I think im great i cant imagine feeling any less about myself...how does that happen?
2 wins in a row for blackburn how did that happen lol
I just screamed with delight at that Utd result. Several times. How the hell did that happen? Steve Kean, I take everything back.
C YALL THINK I B BLABBING BUT WHEN STUFF LIKE THAT HAPPEN HOW CAN U NOT GIVE GOD THANKS.
Well that was a nice prezzie 4 Fergie not!!! How did that just happen de gea u the worst goal keeper we hav ever had
Amelia is 4 weeks old today. How did that happen so fast?!
That was awful, I hate football. How can this happen! BOTTOM OF THE LEAGUE!!?! Pfft........
wtf Myungsoo fell down?! how the hell did that happen?!
How on earth did that happen, embarrassing
Bloody hell United. How did that even happen? Should NEVER have been beaten by thy side. I am slightly happy for Keen though.
Last few hours of 2011... How did that happen?!
My dad called me at like 6 this morning just to tell me how much he loved me & that my brother & I are the best thing to ever happen to him
can't believe it's almost 2012. how did THAT happen??
4-0 how the fuck did that happen graysons got to go new year new manager in order
Thank you 2011 for letting me feel how it is like to be in a relationship. That's not going to happen again any sooner for sure though :D
the last day of the year? how did that happen??
birthday prezzie for SAF “@PSL_MediaMan: how can this happen...de gea that was shocking”
Gosh, how can smth like that happen?): There's smth very wrong with that performance. I feel really bad for them >.<
My phone over heated. How does that happen lmao
I actually hyperventilated because of a nightmare in the middle of the night. How does that even happen?!
Awful. Second ball he fails to collect. Lack of confidence, I dare suggest"@PSL_MediaMan: how can this happen...de gea that was shocking"
We can't control the things that happen to us, but he can control how we react to them
Sometimes things happen between you and people so that you'll know how much the value of the relationship itself.
Wonder how likely that is to happen tho ???
Found out I have to work at 9 tomorrow morning idk how that is goin happen
There's so many things that could happen today all I'm asking for is for two of them to go how I want
how can this happen...de gea that was shocking
For the new year everything that happen to me in negative way this year im show the world how it made me be a stronger in a better person.
"@The_Real_Coby: For some reason most of my ex's become my bestfriend..... how in the hell that happen lol... I'm cool with it doe"_smh yup!
we never went out so nothing matters. how did that even happen, falling in love yet we wouldn't go out.
“Our success in life is more typically a reflection of how we respond to the things that happen to us.” .Weldon Long
Woke up with a lot on my mind - How does that happen?
For some reason most of my ex's become my bestfriend..... how in the hell that happen lol... I'm cool with it doe
omg how cool would it be to get 2012 followers today. lol, that will never happen though.
How did that happen?? This minute you're enemies, next minute you're friends. Next thing you know, you're honeymooning in Rio.
OU scores 10 points in final 2:30 to cover including a 21-yard TD with under a minute to go?? How the $#@% does that happen??
wtf... how did that happen
2-2 how did that happen. Blackburn 4ck u :p
Went into opticians for a contact lens after, walked out with new glasses. Hmmm. How did that happen!
I have so much to do before 2, I don't know how that's gonna happen.
So my evo was fully charged at 6am when I looked at it wake up now and the mother fucker off how that happen?
It was great hearing about how things have been changing at my old job. A couple surprises and few things that I KNEW was gonna happen soon.
Somehow I lose 2lbs overnight. Unless all that scrummy Yo!Sushi food dissolved a kidney or something, how did that happen?
Last day of year can't believe how fast it went n everything that happen.  Well I'm ready for a fresh start w/ love happiness n prosperity.
Our success in life is more typically a reflection of how we respond to the things that happen to us. - Weldon Long
Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.”
Game over! How did that happen?
Went to bed fully clothed and woke up in my underwear. How did that even happen?
i missed my 5000th tweet by 60 tweets. how the fuck did that happen?
How on earth did that happen?!
OH "Old boobs are like tube socks. How does that happen?!"
Starting the second episode now. Also, It's horrible that that's how it would happen, if the situation occured.
Hmm,how I wish that could happen
The last tweet I sent. About being unfollowed I didn't send. How did that happen . Freaky
How did that previous tweet even happen?
its 2012 in australia?how can that happen we're pretty much neighbours..alright I'll go time travel for a sec.
2012?,how did that happen?What a year of adventure 2011 was,and,it only gets better...
RT “@GirlMemories: Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.”
Today I woke up in my feelings because of a dream I had, Like how the hell does that happen?
Toothache! How the bloody hell did that happen!?!!
How n da fuck that happen
I answered the call and I didn't hear a thing. Then I realized it's from New Zealand. kk how did that even happen. lol
It's so weird but I only really love three characters on TVD. Elena, Jeremy and Damon. :O how did that happen? xD
Thinking it might have been cheaper to go out tonight - M&S party food and drink for one £50!! How did that happen?
“Our success in life is more typically a reflection of how we respond to the things that happen to us.” - Weldon Long ♥
I don't know how I'll deal with the awkwardness that'll surely happen 15 minutes from now. Gaaah help me.
Jealous of all the romance and want some for myself! Just need to figure out how to get Jamie home from footy! Like that's gonna happen :-)
My mum wants me to do some shopping 2day. I dunno how that's gonna happen if it requires me to use a bus and I can't find my oyster :(
I was so happy at first, then it turned to a curse. How the hell did this happen? That's the question.
I've just slipped on leaves. How does that even happen?
Just left work and saw a truck flipped on it side by mcdonalds... how the hell did that happen
“Our success in life is more typically a reflection of how we respond to the things that happen to us.” Weldon Long
I didn't even realise Nouble and Piquionne are the two up top... :O HOW THE HELL DID THAT HAPPEN?!?BALDOCK'S AVAILABLE!No wonder it's 2-0...
I hate when that happen that's how I end up woke for days
My most viewed video on YouTube has now 4200 views. How the hell did that happen?
I'm In Two Moods At Once, How Does That Happen.
Damn I fell out,the bed when I while sleep . How that happen :/
Huge ass mosquito bites on my shoulder. How the eff did that happen??? D:
To think that I knew how this would've ended up but still allowed it to happen.. Why? :s
never believed that things happen for a reason, but how this turned out, you moved all my doubts, i believe that for you i'll do it again
It's really cool how your mind tricks you into believing things are really happening when you dream. And the things that happen seem normal?
I like today and what happen in it .. Not close not far .. That how I will make my friendship .. Remamper that 2012 (B
The powers that be may forget how indispensable you are. Don't let that happen. :)
Im sure I was only on 110 games in my steam account before Xmas ... im now on 141, how did that happen ?
"@luciannadz: Its messed up when a lot of guys can tell you how good in bed your present gf is."..............Did that happen to u
Sitting here thinking what a quick year this has been OMG I am sounding like my mother, c. How did that happen
Ahh, seem to find myself back in WP theme choosing hell! How did that happen?
i seem to have registered myself for a 10km road race in january ... how did that happen? :S
Sun Jihai played 130 times for City, how the fuck did that happen?
Just realised (as we were cooking dinner) that we have no saffron in the house - how did that happen?
Crazy to think how much can happen in a year, do miss everyone that was in my life last year tho! Roll on 2012 and an even better year!
Wait, why am I checking facebook. What. How did that happen.
I just saw a news story: sperm donor fathers 14 children in 5 years. How is that news? What do you think will happen when you donate sperm?
oh, its 4:30am. how did that happen?
It's New Year's Eve and I'm not in love. Don't even have a silly crush on someone. How did that happen?
NYE, how did that happen already?!
Should be studying but I seem to be tweeting instead... How did THAT happen?
"Weird, wasn't it, how a person could be a stranger to you and then, in an instant, become your whole life? How did that happen anyway?..."
Don’t focus on making the best of it in 2012. Focus on HAVING the best of it -- and how you are  going to make that happen.
All news portray nothing but conflict of interest that currently happen in our lovely country, Malaysia. How I love my country! Sigh~~
Good morning everybody! Apparently its Christmas eve. How did that happen? timemovestooquicklyMaf4W
10:20pm?!! How'd that happen? Better have dins I s'pse..
Also, Aztecs thought the earth was flat for god sake. How would they know whether the world is ending. All that's going to happen is a huge
Don't imagine how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.
My tea tasted like fruit pastiles, how does that even happen!?
You can notice that by how they interact with high speed  .Because they so focus about what happen in their society
How is everyone ill today? That's not meant to happen til tomorrow!
How is that gonna happen
Gained 16 followers over night n u all look pretty normal. How did that happen?!
WTH, how can that happen
I knew,I just want it,no matter how you act,really,I will not do bad things to you,but if you do that,maybe same things happen to you..
How bad is 2011, there still have an unforgetable moment that can't be happen twice :')
I'm slowly getting tired. But I'm afraid that if I fall asleep, I'll sleep ALL day:( how did this happen ?!
I literally pocket retweeted professor Snape. How does that happen!!?
I sent a tweet reply which I can see in my own profile but not in the normal TL. How does that happen
Ugh... Day 4 of bring sick... Except today, I just feel worse. How could that happen after feeling a bit better yesterday?! :(
Program on Eurosport showed Greece winning Euro 2004, how on earth did that happen?
Hello, Twitter. Gosh, it's New Years Eve. How the hell did that happen? Where did this year go?
New years is here!!  How'd that happen ?
My parents have gone to Blackpool for new year and I'm in Ponte .. How did that happen !!
I wake up and think "what would happen if x was no longer in my life" that's how I decide on whose insignificant...
Wa' effort Wa' pake? Oh myyyy. How's that?  Siguro u reall wishes that to happen. Hmmm. Gobblesss my dear. ☺
Idgi. How did that happen.
ewwghahhh my latte tastes like cheese - how does that even happen
Lmao I just had the greatest night.. &THE BLOODIEST NOSE IN THE WORLD.. MAN HOW DID THAT EVEN HAPPEN.. There was blood everywhere
boy i just the ugliest damn woman on twitter hahahahaha in im following her wtf hahahahahaha... How did that happen:(???? lmfao wtf lol
I woke up to a blue monkey puppet singing christmas songs on tv -___- how did that happen???
how can I sleep with like 20 loud mouth boys laughing all over the place?! I don't think that's gonna happen for me tonight!
i love how the camera dropped down in the iowa oklahoma game..... like how does that even happen ?
Lol, It's Funny How We Having A Full Blown Conversation Like We Bestfriends & Like Ain't Shit Happen! That's My Dawg Though..
wow, something swedish is trending.. how did that happen?
"@1PhoebeJTonkin: I literally pocket retweeted professor Snape. How does that happen!!?" You are amazing.
Oh my goodness I'm 55 - how did that happen lol???
Corr the shit I listen 2...drake,wiz khalifa,tinie,breezy,cher?! How the fuck does that happen...
Thinkin how gr8 it was 2 fall in luv and is it poss that it can happen again wiv the same person how gd it will b in the future
Last day of 2011, how'd that happen??
threw a cpl back w/ the baby brother.  mos def my very favorite.  fucking toe head.  how does that even happen in an Italian family.
I'm waiting for a bus. How often does that happen?
I don't know what will happen next & how my life will continue. However, i sincerely hope that everything will be alright! May God bless me!
2012 is just another date, bad things will still happen and you will still make mistakes, that's life, its how you deal with it that counts
My belly ring turned around completely how the f did that happen lol
luvmy_cupcakes well if yu don't allow me, how is that supposed to happen.?? Cause I can DEFINITELY sqD2WG
New Year in Boston... How did that happen?
I ask myself how I'm I creating value for the people around me. Think, Plan, Execute away to make that happen ..
So It's true that Katy and Russell split up? WHAT, NO STOP THEY'RE PERFECT HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN
Invited to 3 New Years Eve parties tho.....wonder how I'ma make that happen
Today my baby is 18. How the hell did that happen? Happy Birthday James love you xxx
Cnt sleep cuz I'm thinkin things over and thinkin about how God brought me thru this year and all the great things that happen in my life
Was meant to be making a phone call but has ended up snuggled in bed again. How did that happen?
no but I cut my finger WHAT THE FUCK HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
When you're not around .. No matter how crowded situation that happen .. I still fells so lonely
Thought tomorrow was nye. How did that happen?
Its raining heavily on the 31st,how does that even happen?
After first night in my own bed in a month, I have awoken. Apparently it is New Year's Eve! Whah? How did that happen? It crept up on me!!
If a person wanted to be with you they would make that change happen and the impossible possible. But now adays ppl don't know how to commit
Jessie J appears to have made it into my Top 100 singles of 2011 despite the other 99 being obscure Scottish bands. How did that happen?
Oh good lord, how did that happen? Last day of 2011 ... eek!
things that aren't meant to be, won't happen no matter how much you try.
Just got in and I gotta get up at 7. Don't know how that's bout to happen
So it's 3am and I'm pissed. How the fuck does that happen?!
so at first , i didnt like dude at all like none at all! and now i cant imagine myself without him lol fuuuuuxck how that happen.
It started clappin, that's how it happen
Morning everyone !   Last one of the year... how did that happen?!
Females get to close wen they find out how nice i am. Dat shit that happen today was crazy. No longer will i try.
How did that happen....
Oh wait, I still have some of my grade school stuff w me! Wtf how did that happen
"@WTFuckFacts: Newborn babies are given to the wrong mother in the hospital 12 times a day worldwide." How the hell does that happen?!
Wow I completely blanked out all the php code I hacked on at the start of the year, how did that happen
I was going to take a picture to the back of my phone.. But then I was like, how is that going to happen?
I don't feel like anything this morning....just a lot of sleep....how I wish that would happen....
Its a shame how often that happen
How that happen? Life .. Crazy
How does that happen? 3 million views in ONE day
Fuck am in Glasgow how did that happen!
I would like to meet Josh Hutcherson in 2012. And I have no fucking idea how I'm gunna get that to happen. But it's gunna.
Lol that sloppy Joe was hitting right; nvr tastes tho 0_o. . . ? Now how did that happen?
How did tonight turn out this crazy..... its 4:30 am?  when did that happen
When I look back, I never thought this would happen to me. Now that it has I see how lucky I am that I stayed on the same track for so long.
I lost my ranch?? How does that happen.. Now I can't fully enjoy this hot pocket.
I think I should prolly get sum sleep gottavwork at 7:15 idk how that's gon happen but it's gon happen
what in the world. How dis this happen.? I had an A in that class and when my grades come in the mail-order it better say that!
How that gonna happen
aley_EN HOLY Apple! How did that happen :(?
Headache and a sore foot. How does that happen from sleeping?
How you could allow that shit to happen???
Anything can happen to the people that are important in your life. Show them how much you love and care about them every second.
Sometimes I wonder what could've happened if that didn't happen or if I would've told you how I felt..would you still be this weird..
Never believe that things happen for a reason But how this turned out removed all my doubt so believe
Bill Cosby at the top & Richard Simmons at the @ the bottom??? How that happen?
I'm sorry that this happen , i didnt know how , why and when .
I have woken with a massive bruise on my elbow. It's at least 5'' by 3'' and completely black. How did that happen? Burst blood vessel?
How that happen though -_____________- ?
I am so done how did I know that was gonna happen ,
I hate to subtweet but when I do u always get caught...how the hell does that happen lol
2012??? Seriously?? I was 21 when it was the Millennium though, that means, jesus....HOW DID THIS HAPPEN????
Mariah how could you let that happen?!
SHEESH. Shut up about the black ocean already. How many years ago did that happen anyway. =="
but Wugga ass? Idk how in the HELL that happen- bitch must've had my phone when I was sleep!
I don't even know how I've been able to deal with half of things that happen to me.. I can honestly say I'm a strong girl~
doesn't happen. Just weird. *shudders*.  How the hell did JJ get on that plane? *weird*
Esto RT"@GirlMemories: Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen."
Like how did that happen?? Lol, that's a weird pair fighting.. *shrugs*
ahh, man i dropped my phone & it fell on my face & busted my lip!  :O .how does that happen ?!
New Years Eve. How did that happen?
She just ask cam she take my dick wit her Wtf how that gone happen
Just Found Out My Gf Pregnant...How Did That Happen.. -_-
how does that happen like really... Can i get the secret please lol
At the end of the year you notice how you were, what you did good or bad on, and you question things that happen, then you can situate that.
That being said. I went from 198 to 185 in one day. How does that even happen haha :p
I wonder how many friends we have that we could call at 4 in the morning for a ride, and they would make it happen.
lol , i be hitting back so dont play me like that . he caught me when i wasnt looking thats how that happen
Got friends over tonight & seem to have lost all our spare pillows. How does that happen!? Of course that means... SHOPS - nooooooooo!
Eh & I'm suppose be up by 8 . Smh, iDk how that's gonna happen .
Like wth, how did that happen
How did I know that would happen
Wondering what I want for the new year how to make it happen and looking back at the vastly eventful year that passed by so quickly...
I still can't believe slim really locked up, like how the fuck that happen ?
I want things to go back to how they were. But its never gonna happen. Nothing will ever be the same, but maybe that's best.
If Yuu Actn Like That Ova Something That Little That Happen Months Ago Im Tryn Figure Out How Was I Suppose To Act Bout What happen days Ago
All the things that can happen in a Year ! Whewww! How did I make it out alive lol
i wish i could get notifications on my phone when people retweet me, anyone know how to make that happen?
God Keep tellin me i can make this music thing happen, i know that, he aint tellin me how tho....i aint finna sit back and wait for "luck"
“@DivineCreationn Pants unbuttoned! Now how did that happen?” -___-
Pants unbuttoned! Now how did that happen?
How can people talk shit about someone and then be nice to there face when that person comes around?! I've seen it happen like 3 times today
I need my nails filled. how am I gonna make that ish happen..smh..shoulda got it done before all the crap..
The experiences I've had this year has really been a funny one but it's funy how they say the things that were gone happen happened
How the fuck did that happen?
Ok I just noticed its after 3 am.. How did that happen
You have a new boyfriend every week! How does that happen?
I really want to see how you're doing but that's probably not going to happen.
Shit, it's 8am, how the fuck did that happen?
Woken up with a headache, how does that even happen?
Los Angeles is worse on my allergies than Georgia was!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How in the fuckin fuck does that happen?
Forgot how miserable is used to be... not gonna let that happen again...
& then when their kids wind up missing the first shit that comes out of their mouth is "I don't know how this could happen"
I wish I could just spill out how I feel & you would change for me. But that's just my wish , only a miracle would make that happen
I like how in movies when somebody bust out in a song, random people in the crowd happen to know the same routine to that song.
This nigga nose is bigger than my ass! How that happen!?!?
I was suppose to been taking a nap and got side tracked lol how does that happen
You know, I just realized that I never saw any zero-gravity smut fic for Inception. How the hell did this never happen?
lowkey, they have better tv shows and music in the UK but they have way worse food. like WAY worse. how'd that happen?
In 2k12 there's gonna be that one person that's gonna get pregnant and you will say.."How the fuck that happen, didn't see this coming" lol
I appear to be making a promo...how did that happen?
I dont even go outside how tf that happen
How are ppl going to say Drake is better that common never ever will that happen!!!!
No how does that happen?!?
I hate how My Babe Blames Herself For What Happen :/ its Not Yhur Fault baby(: I Promise Yhu That! im With u For A Reason(: i Love Yhu<3
There are so many things that happen in 2011 , and some of them cannot be described with words. I wish I could tell you how I feel ..
I have. Allergies, but you have the flu! How that happen?
Everybody seems like to make sure of me that it will be better, and it will be happen. But they don't even know how it feels.
Uhhmmmm??? MYYY CHIN IS SWOLLLLENNNNNNN ! How does that even happen ? I was just laying here lmfaooooo
u know how dogs have those spots that make their leg twitch? every inch of my dog causes that to happen and idk why
I'm following you? How did that happen?
Its funny how females try to mold a nigga to there standards yall got priorities all fucked up cuz that will neva happen unless he a bitch
how long before Lesner is back to faking punches in WWE? good chance that could happen
woow..how did i know that was going to happen..
Last year you were a thought that I knew wouldn't happen,this year you'll see how far I'd go to begin to explain how much you mean to me
Omg my cousin is dwn stairs OVER boiling water!! How does that even happen?
Um..... How the fuck did that happen
It was so funny watching my manager getting locked in the freezer today ! How does that really happen though !
i wonder how the world would react if i go gay . bol . that won't happen just wondering ...
I strongly believe that some bad things happen for a reason just to test how strong you are inside!
buzzed off a glass and a half of wine? how did that happen!?
Then Emma Watson acting out Sam. XD How will that happen? Can't wait nalang na lumabas yung movie :D
I go to charge something and the charge connector broke? How does that even happen?
I'm 23 now? How did that happen?
i love how people are talking about there new years resolution . like stfu you know damn well that shit aint gonna happen .
Woke up with a peaceful heart:) How often does that happen
just wanted to use the word samaritan in that tweet because my name is in that word and how often does that happen?
pfft The Sims 3 for ios is helping me in my attempt to fatten up a sim (even though that won't happen) I can't tell you how many times "try
2012 , wonder how that year going to go ? lol matter fact idgaf - what can possibly happen ? sike naw
i like the rizzle kicks. how did that happen
-- lol! NOOOOOO! Bitttttt I wish ! Try Again ! How that gone happen anyway ?!
How'd that happen?
But seeing as how i cant have company, that will never happen "/
This nigga on the Wizards scored a basket and had to leave the game cuz he wasn't on the active roster. How does that happen?
"@CatEmpress4REAL: I'm pissed that someone brought a gun to my house! -___-" dang how that happen
how did i let that shit happen ?
so you talk head on a status, try to expose somebody,then get your ass beat? how the hell does that happen lmao
when someone has 5,711,643 followers & only follows 4 people....how does that even happen ?
I think its uncountable how many times things like that happen to me, sigh and I really thought you were different
It's foggy af how did that happen? It was hot earlier.
The worst thing that happen to me in 2011 is to learn my lesson on never to trust anyone around no matter how close the person can!
How good would a pizza lunchable be right now! Would it be weird to just buy it and eat it in my house? I feel like that should never happen
What happen to the Ann Marie that said fuck how you feel? Now all I do is care. Fml -___-
I'm a L7, how did that happen?
How u bring up something that didn't even happen on new years last test
... How Tf Does That Happen >.<
I smoked a whole pack of cigarettes today? How the fuck does that happen? I guess I smoke a lot when I'm upset.
What happen to the men that take women out on dates and who aint worried about how much they spending.
i wonder how the fuck that happen , bull was all on my TL & shit .
When That Shit Happen , Do Youu Knoww How Many Fat Fuckss That Will Make !!
Loving you was the best thing that's ever happen to me. You make me realise how lucky I am to be in love with someone like you.
I just want to have a decent new years eve and I don't know how to make that happen :(
LOLOL. "@1PhoebeJTonkin: I literally pocket retweeted professor Snape. How does that happen!!?"
broke my damn nail dealing with this womans hair!!! how the fuck did that happen??
I start out freezing in sweats and a hoodie and end up burning in a tank and spandex.. how does that happen?
got paid to day and broke today lol how did that happen oh ya bills them dawn bills lol lmbo
Anything can happen when I see you, guess it depends on how I'm feeling that night.
"How do you not have sex with all those girls throwing themselves at you?" "That does not happen to everyone, jackass"
A TV camera just fell on the field of the oklahoma vs Iowa bowl game!!! How does that even happen??
How the hell does that happen...
You were in my class 4th and 5th grade. Many years later I'm a sophomore in college and you a senior at dorsey? How'd that happen :/ yikes
How is my Brad Paisley folder bigger than the Springsteen?  When did that happen?  Maybe I'm missing some Bruce...
WOW how did that even happen!!!
Damn son smh how did i let that shit happen
I was about to call american horror story msg oh um wat how does that even happen
<---- doesn't trash talk about a game that wont happen for 14 hours. That's how fans look foolish.
Haha how embarrassing for the sky cam to fall...how does that happen?
McNutt almost lost his life by a killer sky camera. How likely is that to happen?
lmfaoooooo at the camera!!!!!!!!!! How does that happen?!
We're adults. When did that happen? And how do we make it stop?
Now, how did THAT happen.........
Fees these days let that lil "Quiet" act fool em , thats how it happen to ya lol
Wow! Lol "@Kimira91: Found my heel from last night under my toilet in my bathroom...how that happen?"
Watching the Ronnie fight on jersey shore.. If u kno what went on with me this week, that's almost exactly how it happen.
Lost 8 pounds how the ffff did that happen...
Found my heel from last night under my toilet in my bathroom...how that happen?
Thought a burnt finger was bad.. until I re-burnt it today... How the eff does that happen!? lol
I wonder how many people have realized that 2012 isn't going to happen (the end of the world)
It not yhu I dnt trust I dnt trust the anything ass niggas out here cuz I no how I wasss I dnt want that shit happen to yhu
You have major skills RT“@1PhoebeJTonkin: I literally pocket retweeted professor Snape. How does that happen!!?”
When ur sitting there wondering what happen to all the ppl that were once there for u remember how you let them down...So they walked away
How the HELL you let that happen on the first round?
He just said a guy raped a tree , how the hell that happen
, my mind is eff'd up now idk how this could have happen like that was for me and me only and you let her . And then she wasnt betta wtf
It's so stupid how people go into a relationship expecting to never fight and for things to always be easy THAT DOESNT EVEN HAPPEN IN MOVIES
I went from 5 iPhone chargers to none how the fuck that happen
how many times does it have to happen for u to get the picture, are you just so desperate that u have to keep going back
I got them like " Damn , she's nice . How the fuck that happen ? " .
thats how you know when a nigga on bullshit. when they start shit wit you over some shit that happen a week ago, shit that u didnt even know
No pillow talking tonight ..... But how often does that happen anyway ?
1am !!? How's that happen? Gotta go to bed. Night night my kindle
I wonder how that happen
I'm the lightest out of all my immediate family....how'd that happen? *shruggs*
It's one in the morning, how'd that happen so fast ?!
“@BruvahMorphine: deadmau5 tweeted chris. wtf, how often does that happen?” he's been tweeted buy flux pavilion too
My ankles hurt lol how does that happen?
deadmau5 tweeted chris. wtf, how often does that happen?
i don't understand how we went from bestfriends, to lovers, to that awkward stage that shouldn't happen til 20 years from now.
Sometimes I listen to stories &. be like bitch that ain't how that happen.
i was SOOOOO thirsty and i was gonna go get something to drink . Then i totally forgot . how could i let that happen if i was THAT thirsty ?
You know your day is shot to shit when you look at the clock and it's 1 am. How the fuck did that even happen?
"@mr_king23: How ironic would it be if your phone died on the charger? Lol"ive had that happen actually lol
I just recently noticed that I lost the hood to the north face I'm wearing...like how does that happen.
I feel ashamed/used/ I feel DISRESPECTED TO THE FULLEST BY A DOG how can that happen?
i come home from a night at the bar and my mother is the one that's drunk….how does this happen
Oh great my damn hand is swollen how the hell did that happen
It's funny how you talk trash about my friends. But yet you become friends with them... Hm. How does that happen?
How that happen?????? Close one lol
funny, how things always happen that way.
Poke myself in the eye with my toothbrush. How does that happen?!?
Wow. It's nearly 6 am. How the fuck did that happen?
I expect to do a song with Lupe Fiasco in 2012. I don't know how it's gonna happen, but I just thought I'd put that out there
How does that even happen
“@Its_TishyBitCHH Fell on my ass today (y” lmfao how did that happen?
i didnt wana spend my birthday weekend crying but he knows how to make that happen
How does that happen, if you ever watch the Bulls you have to know that Luol Deng always runs to the far right wing and waits for a shot
I was REALLY IN LOVE wit him!!! How the hell did that shit happen!!!?? SmdhoajbJ
That's how it happen
nah how that happen
how did i know that was gonna happen? im psychic
"@GirlMemories: Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen."
“@GirlMemories Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.”
no lesnar will probably not go back to wwe. no matter how much i want that to happen </3
Got sunburned on my hip today. How does that happen???
how the hell did that happen?!!!!!!
How does that happen?
Last full day of 2011 how'd that happen
How.. the Hell did that happen...?
i dont care how conniving you think you are... that's a shit storm waiting to happen
i know how i would like to end it, but if that'll actually happen who knows?!
How does everyone else tolerate how stupid Joey is? That wouldn't happen in real life, funny or not!
I dont understand how everything is supposed to change just cause its the start of a new year..whats will possibly happen over that 1 night?
my room is back a mess...how'd that happen? *scratches head*
How that happen?:s
"anything can happen when I do see you it all depends on how I'm feelin that night oookkkaaaayyyy"
How does that even happen.
Calling it a night. How does it happen that I log on to my blog, and then get trapped reading other blogs, then Twitter, then Goodreads.
Some how I knew that was going to happen
lmfaoo , how did i know that shit was gonna happen??
Finally taking it in how 2011 is over... How did that happen... Maaan the years are passin
Go show them how it's done Goldberg!!!! “@Goldberg: That's why they call it mma I suppose.... Anything can happen.”
so I know I promised some of you the playlist before new years - seeing as how my laptop got stolen, don't think that's gna happen :/
I sneezed ssooo hard my butt cheeks hurt! How does that happen??
And one more thing... I became best friends with my brother , how often does that happen LMFAO
So I heard the party got shut down, how did I know that shit was gone happen lol
Banned from omegle...? How does that even happen...
Good Morning all. I am up before my alarm :-// how did that happen?nJN8M
Ma Keyboard Sticky . How Tf That Happen
Can't wait to see all the stupid tweets about how 2012 is gonna be YOUR year....what happen to last year and the year before that?
Kml.... how the fuck did that happen...
Boy: Inbox Me. Me: My Inbox Broke. Boy: How Can That Happen? Me: Iono Itss Out of Order LMFAOO
wowwwwwww at the wreck in front of taco bell! how does that happen???
Tyler literally just fell asleep on me while answering my question on the phone. How does that even happen? Do you fall asleep while talking
how did this happen to that person
When you play a scenario in your head of how something will go, but it doesn't happen that way <
It's a damn shark in the pool .. How tf did that happen
I saw how that deer whooped up on that white dude in when animals attack. Shxt wouldn't happen to me doooooooeee
God dang it how did that happen
You still on shit that happen last year tho ? that's how you know yo ass lame. Fuck on ..
I would like to be with Oomf on New Years Eve but idk how that will happen!
I really hoped you wud txt me so we could fix things but that didnt happen. I know how u feel, but how do you think i feel?
Oh my god. I did not know that Bruce Boxleitner & Melissa Gilbert split up. How did this happen! Yikes.
I hate how everyone is like 'ima make it, ima be famous' (or some shit like that) but they not doing anything to make it happen. Stfu bitch.
I got drunk but somehow Chris and Loki are passed out. How does that happen?
im in pumps but i feel agressive like i cld jump on someone....how that happen
I hate how when the day ends and my voice goes so deep , like how does that happen !?
Woah. I measured myself in wii fit and I lost 7 pounds.  How does that happen over the freaking holidays?!
How the FUCK would that happen?
How many times is this gonna happen to me, to let me know that I'm never good enough for anyone.
& how we used to be ...but things happen that are unfortunate
Lmfao my moms bf is tha shouffer for tha dude that owns 'wet & wild' how that happen?.. Drivin to hollywood everyday to get his ass.. lol
All y'all quoting Bible verses how come no one ever quotes the verses that tell what will happen if you don't do what God wants you to?
i wanna get married one day but if i can barely see myself in a relationship idk how that would happen lol
Jacob you know how dogs get their balls chopped off sometimes yeah ? THAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN TO YOU, GTFO 'JAKE'
omg ... how did that happen ??
Wondering how long it will take the cat to maul the strange 2-year-old that's in my house for the weekend. This will surely happen.
like.. how did someone steal a monkey from the SF zoo? like how does that just happen? we're slippin' SF... SLIPPIN'
Not that I'm saying it's going to happen, but how fun would a seven game series between Chi/LAC be?
I've got to move. Can smell the weed getting smoked and all the windows and doors are shut. How the Hell does that happen?
I wanted to spend the night in my baby's arms... instead I'm spending the night with a baby in my arms.. how that happen?
I have to remind myself constantly when things go wrong or don't turn out how I wanted it to be that things happen for a reason!
Have to wake up at 7am tomorrow. Tell me how that's gonna happen if I can't fall asleep until 5am?
Dawg! This bitch talkin joinin a "Biker Club" with no Motorcycle? How In THE FUCK does that happen? Like I'm passed now. Imma call her ass
How did that happen?
I believe that bad things happen in life to teach us how to look at good things in a whole new light ;)
Instead of making resolutions to make 2012 everything that 2011 wasn't, I wanna say how thankful I am for all that did happen this year.
Wtf lmao how that happen DRose ?!
Graduated from high school, left my hometown, and being a college student.. That's all happen in 2011. How memorable! :')
I just want to open my door and you standing there... I wonder how soon can that happen?!
“@c_kanee: I need to start trying much harder to get a girlfriend in this next year” no matter how hard you try that's not gonna happen
I'm getting so old so quickly. Gonna be 26... When and how did that happen
So realized why people couldn't hear me when I put them on speaker phone! My mic is broken! Wtf how does that even happen?!?!?!?
There is a difference between being alone., and being lonely., how is it that I just so happen to be both .
Supposed to wake up early tomorrow, I don't know how that's gonna happen boy=__=
LOL and now that i'm up nothing is gonna happen. that's usually how it goes :)
How did that even happen?!?!
"@Kyle_Has_Style: Why is it always that bad things happen to me when I'm nice to people. ?" // exactly how I've been feeling !
YOU'RE at Rooney's?!  How'd that happen? N why am I not there to witness? "@TheWesReynolds: I'm at Catherine Rooney's"
It is so hot in this room that my favorite pen [which has been in a desk drawer], is leaking. How does that even happen?
Haven't been on twitter for a while but yet i'm following radom people. how the hell does that happen?!
Like WOAH how does that even happen?
Somehow anything anyone texted me today got sent to my moms new phone.... how does that even happen?!?!?
Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.””
Oh how I would love to get a new years kisss, but that won't happen -___-
How do you get stuck in a tree.. How does that even happen? Don't you just come down the same way you went up?
How does that happen? It only goes in my mouth then on my headboard!!
It's past eleven already...how did that happen ?
All of these fat candidates & they skinny old wives. How did that happen?
How did that even happen and who is going to clean up this mess ?
"@danawhite: Hoooooolly Shit!!!!!"LMFAO!!  How does that happen!!!!
My brother woke up at 3 this afternoon and now he's going to bed because he's tired how does that happen only him
“@_JoshuaTurner: I'm the worst cook west of the Carolina's I fucked up rice” terrible how does that happen
“@WhisperingBob: Love, happiness and good health.  Top wishes for 2012.”how can we make that happen?"
Part of being a man is acknowledging your mistakes and realizing that regardless of how much you may want to right wrong, it may not happen
Omg stop, how ironic. I don't want that to happen=(
Tell me how I knew that shit was gonna happen.
Shoulder swole.. How that happen smh
Seen some guy in a wheelchair with Dirty Sneakers, someone tell me how the fuck did that happen
Just realized my underwear were inside out. How the hell did that happen???
Mom's car just got hit...even tho it was parked on the street infront of our house. How in the hell that happen?
You know it's bad when emotional pain turns in to physical pain...how that happen?
Just realised I'm bleeding....how the hell did that happen?
I don't know how some people are saying that a girl being hit at a game is, impossible and would never happen.
How The Hell do that Happen in an NBA game? i have no fucking idea smh
I really gained 30 followers in one day!!! Wow. How did that happen? Lol
RT "@GirlMemories: Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen."
"@STEVIEBARTO: I'm going to be pissed if you're not there to kiss me when the ball drops on New Years Eve! " funny how that wont happen.
TERRIBLE DEFENSE! How you allow that play to happen?!
Smh how they let that happen
Smh how that happen.?
Omg. I am a far better skater this year than last year. How does that happen?
I have so many dreams and visions on the inside of me that it's ridiculous! I wonder how/when they'll happen!
Tbh I still want my lil girl don't know how that's gonna happen lol
Sometyms u just av to Stop imagining how things could be or should be, because you might start wishing for things that can never happen.
I lost 11 followers in 3 days...how the fuck does that happen?
Whoa how did that just happen?
I hate how my money disappears a day after I get my paycheck -___- how does that happen?!
Feeling like something's so wrong. Already know what's gonna happen (y that's just how it starts
How many people really wanna be with one person forever...that doesn't even happen theses days and I believe it's sad
it's new years eve. hollllyyy shit. how did that happen?
Everyone complains how bad 2011 was. 2011 was one of the best years of my life, bad things happened but won't that happen every year?
“@_tenderonilove: spending new years w/ future should be interesting.” how yu got that to happen ?
iWinder how things would be diffrent if that thanksgiving wouldn't happen .
I have about a good 2 inch straight cut on my forehead , how in the shit did that happen ?
But the girl on 1st 48 is always called 'diamond' tho..... How does that happen?
He all on my screen hmmmmm.... How did that happen! Ow!
lol this guy on amercias most wanted is 70 years old and he has robbed 16 banks .. how in the hell does that happen ???
I kinda wanna spend new years eve with kyle but I don't really see how that's gonna happen
"@YeaThatMarcus: so i lost track on how many shots ive taken already" lls that's wats suppose to happen happy bday
How in THE world did that happen????!!
