"@UberFacts: The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times." How is that even possible
How is it possible to be this hungry, when I was eating like 5 this morning?
One week on and I'm STILL sick! How is this even possible?
when i go on facebook i think to myself how is it even possible that i have any notifications when i do nothing on here.. lol
I have since discovered that I struggle to walk in heels any less than 5 inches. Not sure how this is possible...
My dad says I spend to much on twitter how is that possible?!!?? I ask him :)
How is it possible that I've missed so much John Frusciante news??Married, new album on the way...what the hell??
Jonathan Swift~ How is it possible to expect mankind to take advice when they will not so much as take warning
How is it even possible to have sextuplets, like how are you carrying 6 babies in your stomach
¿To forget to eat? ¿How it is possible? T-T
Putting Man Utd to beat Blackburn on all 3 of my bets has really fucked me off.  How is that possible?!
Great result for Blackburn. Shows again how finite the margins are in the PL, and with luck anything is possible.
I don't know how this is possible but I am still drunk...LOL
Noooo! How is it possible to loose to blackburn at old trafford?!?!
How on earth is dat possible@lynettepacheco1
How is it possible to lose the cap to something in a matter of 2 seconds and its legit NOWHERE around...
So my laptop charger and my straighter have decided to knot each other together, how is that even fuckin possible?
wait, it's not the fat guy from Sopranos? Holy shit, how is that even possible?
Hmm i leave at 6:10 am but get to Oregon at 10:10 am, how is that possible?
My mom really came in here and got on my fucking nerves before 10am. How is that possible. Ugh.
Do you know how to find common ground? .If you can do it, it is possible for you to do aught.
Why is it that I always get cut by tinfoil? Like how is that even possible?
despite the mic problems mblaq is outsanding infinite performance imo and idk how is that possible
How is it possible you cannot like music? HOW?
how is this possible. Blackburn, BLACKBURN?! the fuck you playing at De Gea
how is it possible that my 13yr old nephew & 2 of his mates can be so rowdy...they're doing my head in!!
how is this possible
How is it possible for a mushroom to be growing in my window garden with my spider plant?
ISRG one of best stocks in 2011 up 80% How is this possible when medical centers are broke? How can they sell million dollar units?
Woke up mad... how is that even possible?? Happy now because I control how my day is going to turn out :)
How is it even remotely possible that everyone in my immediate family is a drama queen?! I hope it's not genetic
On mario kart yesterday I came 12th six times how is that possible
if my titties were any more perfect, researchers would be calling me tryna figure out how this is even possible.
So I took the dog for a walk over bostall woods ..and ended up in plumstead?!? How is that even possible?!?
I don't understand how you can't like Deaf Havana, though. I mean... is it even possible...?
How is it possible that a weighing scale can measure volume?  . .technology is beyod me.
How is it possible to be this bored...
Rap backronyms are getting worse as the years go on...how is this possible
How is it possible to see a certain item in your room every single day for over a year, yet the moment you need it it's invisible?!
Those who lack all idea that it is possible to be wrong can learn nothing except know-how.
Alt of ppl don't know but i have four eyes....now how is that possible...ummmmmmm
Watching 'A Wondrous Christmas with David Archuleta.' I have to say this: How is it even possible that this guy didn't win AI?!
How is it possible that I get home and go to bed at 3 and I wake up at 7
I can't get over the fact that there is no chocolate here okay. How is that even possible.
just come back from an hour walk with the dogs and they are still going crazy, how is this possible!?
6 ABOR......wtf. Seriously how is that possible?
I slept at 4:30. How the hell is it remotely possible for me to wake up at 8 all full of energy.
HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE......
Please, How do you download apps on an ipad in dis country.....is it even possible.... *rmbe*
"Matias Salina is suffering from food poisoning" how's that possible?
As for the chap in the carphone warehouse shop- how is it possible for you not to know anything about Blackberrys? You work in a phone shop.
how is it possible for hayley to be pregnant wayyy after karen but manages to have a huge stomach way before karen
my legs aren't even orange, they're red..how is this possible?
Feeling really confused. I LOVE Gnarls Barclay, but don't really like Cee Lo Green. But its the same person. How is that possible!?
A little over two weeks and my little man will be 4 months old. How is that even possible? Ugh.
How is that even possible ?!
How is it possible that I'm not tired?
haha how is this even possible lossing to the bottem of the league team ...
i dont even own like one dress to wear tonight.. how is it possible for a girl? oh well
Up early, how is this even possible right now?
How is it possible that my sister has only just woken up#lazy
Its new years Eve n i have no plans how is that even possible?? I got a great dress if n e one wants to go do something :-) :-)
How is that possible..I sent a tweet 1 minute ago & 11 people have liked it:L xo
How is it even possible that I'm awake?
How is it possible to be one year in one country, and another year in another country. England, 2011. Australia, 2012.
Ughhh. Woke up in an even worse mood. How is this possible??
"My dear fellow, is it possible you do not see how strongly it bears
Wtf I don't have a short, black skirt?! How is that even possible?!
How is this possible...!
Ron Paul runs under the Repub Banner but is a " Isolationist" Libertarian!! How is that possible?
I'm hoping. That this feeling goes away. How is it possible to feel so alone when everyone who knows you "loves " you?
It is assumed you know how to fly an airplane,now you are being paid to manage/ensure the operation is running as efficient as possible.
It is no doubt possible to fly—but first you must know how to dance like an angel.
News last nite that said alameda had like 200 somethin dUI's while SF had like 84 how is that possible
If you follow our simple guide on how to lose weight below you can understand that it is possible, effective and healthy
And yet again unsure what to wear tonight. How is this even possible with the amount of clothes that are in the closet? -_-
"@WTFuckFacts: The smallest human penis ever recorded was just 5/8 of an inch long!" how is this possible?!
This guy was checking his phone while he pretty much flew across the rink. How is that even possible?
I just fell over a pencil how the hell is that possible :/
still so severely intoxicated. how is this possible?
Loving it! Spending the countdown in a pub with 6ppl. How is this possible? Happy new year peeps! Hope '12 is coming up milhouse for you all
Is it possible to have a tidy mess? Because that's how id describe my hair...
How is it even possible that one individual can take so many pictures just of them self
How is it even possible for me to sleep this long?
Dunno how is possible 4 mi to feel sleepy during a wedding... Udo odikwa
how is it possible for one person to be so flawless omg.
How is it possible that I still havnt gotten my red velvet cake??
Went to bed at 5am, waking up at 9am. How is this even possible? The things I do for football
i actually have soo much hw, History and science assignments and believe it or not, i have tech hw, now how is that even possible?
How is it possible for someone to smell this bad in the morning!?
MasterCard is supporting SOPA, so how do I get rid of MasterCard from my wallet? The digital payment system locks me in, so not possible
I've lost weight over Christmas, how is that even possible?
how is it possible to go to bed at four and wake up at seven.
This tube smells of horse piss. How is that possible?
I slept like a baby allllll night. How is it possible for me to still be tired?
You told me I shouldn't be upset, but how is that possible when you were all I wanted and now every day I get to see you with her?
How is it possible that I slept through 3 alarms though?
Funny how the one place you wanna be is the one place that can possible bring the most hurt
How is it possible that I can only sleep 5 hours at a time?...
I woke up more tired than I was when I fell asleep how is this possible..
I just burnt my pancakes, how is that even possible?!
How is it possible that we have had two bad cable boxes in the basement (the one that streams the slingbox) in two months?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Just slept for 12 hours and still tiered, how is this possible?
how is it possible that I wake up more tired than I was before I went to sleep? what's that about?
My mum and my sister keep saying I've lost weight but how is that even possible? Over Christmas I ate the equivalent to about 6 horses
How is it Possible For People To Break Our Hearts? I Mean Our Hearts Ain't Made Of Glass
Samoa officially missed the 30th december!?! How is this allowed/possible. Is this a very basic form of time travel??
How is it possible to cut your own hair. It's just sick.
i love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.
I don't know how is it even possible, but days are passing by so fast, yet they're so slow at the same time !
How is it even possible to cry with your eyes closed?
i hate how once you send a text on iPhones there is no possible way of cancelling the text..
How is it possible for a year 8 to have over 1000 friends on fb?!
still near heaver castle? how is this possible?!? :)
How can I be waking Up right about Now? Is that Even possible, my Man says is it even in the Dictionary???
Okay. So how possible is a 30 min nap? Let's see..
How is it possible that phineas, candace and their mom have their bdays during summer, nd even their mum's anniversary :s :/ ! ?
I love how some people make me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.
Martin is still asleep how is that even possible hes a fucking vampire sleeps allday and awakes all night except he sleeps at night time to!
I'm still tired. How is this even possible.
How is it possible that I'm still tired
So pissed off. How is it possible to *not* have an accident. Then get claims against you. Buses are a joke.
How is it possible to be born a good Singer
I've lost weight since November... How is that possible?
Goodness, I think he's even more bored than he was yesterday. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? THAT'S YOUR BOYFRIEND ACROSS THE NET.
how is this possible srsly
Woke up this morning sick as a dog, how is that possible?
I woke up with a headache today; how is that even possible (without alcohol)!? Not the best of beginnings to the end of a year.
How will got that girlfriend is beyond me! Shows that anythings possible
We're supposed to be looking forward and thinking, well, the New Year, it'll get better.  How is that friggin' possible wi the Tories about?
How is such crap even possible? :/ WTFF.
Tryin to clean my house by throwing unwanted items away, but how is that possible if your dad says " No, keep everything"
''I love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.''
How is it possible that i know so many pple at this wedding en yet i dnt even  knw the bride en groom???
How is it possible for me to actually forget my pin number
A bit annoyed this morning to discover I've lost 2kg over the Christmas period, how is that possible? A massive breakfast followed!
how is it even possible to trend when it's like only 30 tweets about it?
Dang!! This guy is whistling off key! How is that possible?
So I asked wats on yor mind & yu say nun? How is that possible! The brain never stops thinking!!
It still baffles me that Jerad Leto is 40, how is that even possible with that face? O-o
How is it possible to start tidying your room and make it look worse than it did to begin with?
How is this possible.
AND JUDAS WAS 72 HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE
omg the waiter took our order without using a notepad, HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE.
What IS a relationship? How many kinds are possible and what defines them? This is a fundamental question in my reality these days.
"@TheHipsterGod: how is it fucking possible for everybody to be able to sing on disney channel!" it's a requirement
how is it fucking possible for everybody to be able to sing on disney channel!
People claim to be so drunk but get on facebook or twitter and type complete sentences with no slurrs?? how is that possible
"@MsKeeraBabii: How is this possible && whyyyyy?? :/"-what? U and Texas outlaw? Its possible boo lmao
I have never seen this episode of friends??? How is that possible??
I don't understand how it is even possible to have that much awesomeness in one person!
I just don't understand this world any more! Kerry just dropped buttered toast and it landed butter side UP!!! How is this possible?!?
How is it possible that I'm so proud of people I've never met?
Moving out of this year as fast as possible, and with wonder at how impossible it is ever to know what's ahead.
How is it possible that I'm already oh so sick of food
Still awake playing half life 2 how is this possible
“@dorothymq: "News: there is fake vodka around" how is that possible?” it's not actually fake it's diluted, so has no affect on your system
cont..made it all possible (Jesus)! Praying that everyone be safe and sober because how you start the year is an indication of the type of
How is it possible that i'm still this intoxicated. How!
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE? 2,221 > Tweets. .1 > Following. .26,256 > Followers.
New Years Eve... wow... how is it possible for a year to go so fast?
How is it possible I cant sleep all night and then as soon as I get tired and need to get out of bed my alarm goes off
I. AM. NOT. HAPPY!  just weighed myself and I've gained almost 8 pounds in 2 weeks! How is this possible?!  D!et begins tomorrow!!
How does the average Joe contribute to Siri's knowledge base? Is it even possible? If not, why are Apple missing out on the crowdsource?
I just hit 35k like 2 days ago how is this even possible sjnwjdowkndkkanjckekd.
How the fuck is it physically possible for Taylor Momsen to be that beautiful?
It's probably colder in my room than it actually is outside. How is that possible?
How do you comeback from dis is it possible(confused face)
Hi friend tell me what is your plan for tonight.. .How you guys are celebrating the year ending party ? .And if possible do invite me,I'm free
My wish for you for 2012... That you actually see your true worth and how amazing you are. Once you believe it anything is possible.
How is it possible for one person to be so infuriating??
How is it possible to be in the shower for that long? :S
OMG IM CRYING. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
I love Phineas & Ferb, and how it shows you to believe that anything is possible, and that  you can make the best out of any day :))
I just yawned while I was laying down and gleeked on my glasses. How is that even possible.
Sick! Again!! How is that even possible dammit
How is it possible for ur mother to know everything happening in ur life? Huh?
handsomenya kau masyaAllah how is it possible to be this good looking
"News: there is fake vodka around" how is that possible?
Tonight we took 3! Count em 3! L's..how is that even possible?
How is it possible I'm still awake at 4 in the morning! >.<
How is it possible I'm not even tired
it's 248 and i'm wide awake. how is this possible?
How is it possible for one man to make such a beautiful sound? John mayer mmmmmmm
You know what's funny, how every movie is the best movie of the year! How the fuck is that possible!
just sent a text saying 'pcjuste' instead of 'ofcourse'.. how is that even possible haha!?
More than friends less than lovers. How is it possible to maintain it this way?
How is this even possible
I have the same thing favorited (if that's even a word) 4 times. How is that possible?  Lol
How Can one build A Retirement plan Working ONLY 4HRS PER MONTH? Would you be willing to spend 3minutes to find out how this is possible?
I'm in Yanbu and I actually miss Sudan.. How is that possible??
My period was suppose to come yesterday. Nigga I'm a virgin how the fuck is this possible?
How is this possible right now
No longer happy. I know I should and am grateful to have a job to be able to provide for my kids BUT how is it possible that those who are
How is it possible that I can keep track of 13 roudy rabbits and not one pair of earphones?
How is it possible to have 7 followers and not have tweeted a single thing?
I know only 8 people at this wedding. My goodness. It feels so alienating. However, *everybody* knows me. How the hell is that possible?! =|
and how is that possible?! :O okay. fine then.
I wanna get a renault 5 baccara, in mint condition if possible. Or how much is it gonna cost to buy a junk car and restore it in Japan.
Took the family a good 30 minutes to get out the door (how is that possible?). Now if the year could end in that time instead, I'd be happy.
Today is the last day of 2011?! How is that possible?
A criminal minds episode I haven't seen?? How is this possible
I shopped for another 8 hours today. How is it possible. I SPENT $700 IN TWO DAYS
Information reaching me, has it that my bio has been scaring intending followers... I mean, how possible? This is just twitter
Trying to teach my 53 year old mother how to use an iPhone is like teaching my cat how to use the toilet. Possible, but so, so difficult.
How is it possible that the Grand Tour has meant we are back in London with more than we left with?
The whole house stinks of eggs how is it humanly possible to eat at this time of day
Everyone sounds ao Engligh here already, how is that possible!?
My clock is being weird! ISi it rly 10 am in Poland? Rly? How is that possible?
I meant not, how is it possible that I'm not tired xD
2 fathers and 2 sons went hunting, they killed 3 impala and each went home carrying an impala...how is that possible---Awe Sure
How can some guys be so fucking hot and adorable? Like how is it possible ?!
Downloading movies to watch tonight with Momsies. I think I downloaded too many and now it's slow. How is this possible, Unifi?!?
Ugh I want three celebrities to follow me how is that possible help
How is it possible to have 1,500 followers but not have tweeted once?
How is it possible to be following 0, have 0 followers , but have 8,000 tweets?lol. Who the fuck are talkin' to? Daily journals and shit. Ha
I know I didn't just put my V neck on backwards -__- how is that possible lOl
Omg I can't. How is it possible to fall for someone as sweet as you. Ahh
My phone is being gay everyway possible. how many phones do I have to go thru ? *throws this bitch over the pier*
I have half a battery left, how is that possible? I've only had my phone on an hour
Why can't I sleeeep :( its almost 4 am how is this even possible that I'm awake
How is it possible there is no Greenslopes train station?  HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE???
No matter how cold it is outside, I gotta sleep in the least amount of clothes possible, I like to brxx
old Phoenix is even better than new Phoenix...yea i know, how is this possible
Dude cnt eat pussy!! How is dat possible smh
How is it even possible I got in trouble for screaming at my pillow case ._. ?
Ok, this is def the devils handwork. 2 cockroaches stuck together yet flying.....how is this possible?
"@cassgoncalves: How is it possible that I can text and bbm but I can't make or receive calls :S" rogers is playing with your mind o_o
I lost a dutch in my room. how is that shit even possible???
its 3:30 and im awake.... how is this possible
How is it possible to get a paper cut in the shower? Hahaha
Apparently it's possible for one person to go through 9 teaspoons in a day and a half. I'm not sure how, but it is.
I'm tired but I can't sleep.. How is that possible?
"B on 4th fret" *looks at fingers* oh dear god how is that humanly possible
"I love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it." —Tom Hansen, 500 days of summer
How is it possible that i am this tired already? ughhhhh.
How is it possible to talk to someone for a couple of weeks & be "in love". nawl bby. Thats lust.
I'm touching my lips. the lips that kissed William Eugene Beckett Jr. How is it possible that I'm still alive?
How is it possible to have morning breath at night
For errrybody complainin or talkin bout how bad shit is...just reevaluate your situation and think of the worse scenario possible
LOL  the guest for Himitsu No Arashi "i know nothing about Arashi" HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE
omg how is it physically possible for them to be so attractive at this time in the morning
I really don't understand how people can go to sleep so early....is that possible?
They managed to produce something that resembles sausage and egg less than a McDonald's breakfast roll. How is that even possible?
I feel old haha. I'm 27 and totally over the bar scene, how is that possible?
How is it possible to have too many and too little guys at the same time?
How the fack is it possible that I can hear my dad through my headphones?
I'm excited but mad all at the same time. How is that possible?
If you was to learn today.....how is that possible lol......crazy shit right???
Have you been too tired to go to sleep? Is that possible? That's how I feel right now.
lol thats so funny to me,, how is that even possible?
Delilah is the funniest !!!! She really friends w/ all my hoes. Past & present. How's that possible !?
My Pandora is skipping.... How is this even possible???
“@chelsB00: I love my school, but I hate Waco. Is that even possible?” yeppp cuz I think thats how everybody feels haha
Aoomf be up late night talking shit with me. And be using words like AA in words with friends. Like how is that shit possible?! Its all good
How is it possible for somebody so skinny too take up so much of dha bed Ctfu
My Phone Bill Is Over $600, How Is That Shit Possible?
Apparently 55% of the US believe the creationist theory that the earth is around 6,000 years old. How is that possible?
How is it possible that I'm still awake right now?
How is this possible?
My cousin has been dating a girl from Chicago for 4 years that he only sees once or twice a year.. Like how is that possible?!
How is it possible that its 2:34 am but I'm not even slightly tired? I'm going to hate life on Tuesday.
Is it possible to feel even worse than a pile of dog shit. Cause that's how I feel.
How is it possible that I can text and bbm but I can't make or receive calls :S
how is it even mentally possible to stay up this late watching reruns of family guy?
:; -How is it possible that I'm hunqry and qot food, but dont feel like eatinq.?!!! Smh .
I don't know how this is even possible... But I think my butt got bigger :/
How is it possible that you can miss someone so much even though you see them almost everyday...
Is it possible to unlearn something, like how to text smh.
Haha how is that even possible?
When you're completely sober after drinking <<<  .. Like how is that possible
How is it possible for me to get big but not gain weight?
I'm so tired...but yet so hyper how the hell is this possible?
How is it possible to not fuck with French Montana?
Par Forde says Louisville and Kentucky fans hate each other more than MU and kU fans.  I can't fathom how this is possible.
I ate 6 chapatis and matar paneer and I am still hungry. How is this possible?
My shins are sore, and no, its not shin splints. How is that even possible?
Axe him o "@HottieCertified: How is that possible really"@SirNamo: People should keep their head out of my fellatious tweet pls..""
My nose is stuffed & running ! How is that possible !?
I am not tired at all right now... How is this possible?
I am up at 1 am playing Tiny Tower on my phone. How is it possible for a game with little bitty people and rooms be so addictive?
How is that possible really"@SirNamo: People should keep their head out of my fellatious tweet pls.."
Eso me desiluciono tanto☹ how the hell is that possible?
If you tell someone you love them., how the hell can you cheat on them? Is that even possible? That's just cold blooded to the fullest.
I just had a black person ask me how to get to dodges chicken. How is that possible?
5 1/2 hours on phone. How is that possible when I swear I don't want nun to do wit her.
How is it possible to have the best and worst relationship with the same person?
Oomfs say they nationwide & ant even got a car to get out of Nat. So how is that possible ? Lol
My baby cousin took up my whole bed .. How is this possible ????
flicking through chanels - the tennis is on and I heard the commentator say it was an exciting match - how is that possible???
how can you have a 'crush' on me, if you don't KNOW me? is that possible? does a 'crush' consist of feelings, or is it just a lust thing?
>natev2 sent you a message .I JUST BLOCKED YOU . .HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE
How is it possible to miss somebody no matter how badly they treat you?
Damn my cousin just hit a strike and bust her ass....how is dat possible!?!??!?!!
Less then 24 hours til 2012, how is this possible?
How is it possible that I can go without taking naps at home but at school I will literally fall asleep walking without one
The reason men cheat is because we don't kno how to control hard dick..a nigga will drive 3-4 hours for possible pussy if his dick hard.
how is it possible that liu chao is taller than mimi when mimi's already a freaking giant
This is the time I'm gonna have to wake up at in three days, how is this going to be possible fuuuucking hell.
I find it weird that in first year I was chubby, and in second I wasn't as chubby. How is that possible? I eat and eat at Grandmothers.
I never seen this episode of Criminal Minds...how is that even possible
How is that even possible
Ugly and cute at the same time...how is it possible? Like really? Yuck and awwww all in the same breathe?
How is it possible that she just made me laugh
am i really running out of movies to watch how is this even possible????
I am bored with being awake. How is that even possible?
How is that even possible??
Still 297 followers and I just gained like 3. How is that possible?
I just got a quarter stuck in my hair...? How is that even possible?!? I'm just cool like that :)
I need to crawl out of house to find kids storybooks later... Argh how will it is possible for me to get to ruey's house later
Wtf how is that possible lls , its not fair !
i dont get it. im older than Nick by at least 2 months and he's in high school and im 8th grade. how is that possible?
It's after midnight and I'm a bit too emotionally drained to read. Not sure how that is possible.
How is it possible that I'm hurt & happy at the same time?
orange chocolate is how I know this is the best of all possible worlds.
Ok in Austin new cover it says he has 303 views but he has 1,892 likes how is that possible
How is it possible that I am tired right now?
Sumbody said. Im gettin tatted on my back so i can see the ppl i loves names everyday ...but how is tht possible on ya back.
“@chelseacobb22: Brock lesnar is such a pussy. I could kick his ass” but really your a woman... How is that possible?
i always wondered how that was possible... tears are wet. an inferno is a big fire.
Blake Griffin is so frustrated with Joakim. And only 1 foul for Blake?! How is that possible? Clearly not playing defense out there.
Ok now something is very wrong... o_o I'm even banned from the kissarmygirl10 chat, how is that possible, they're no mods there x'D
“@Suc_Myy_Tweets: RT if you a FEMALE and enjoy getting your feet sucked while that dick DEEP in you!!!”>> gross dude how is that possible.
OMG my friend got bit by a praying mantus.. How is that possible. BAHAHA
How is it possible to love and hate someone so much at once? It's a feeling in still can't understand
Let go of the darkness? How is that even possible?
how is it possible to feel so alone in a house full of people?
I heard Beyonce had her baby. How is that possible? How many months was she bc she's not 9. Wtf they having a jack & the bean stalk baby
How is it even possible that it's almost 2011?
haha how is that possible unless . . . . RT “@DanielleDestroy: My boobs are cold.”
calling papa johns.. Gina: how many slices are in a medium guy: 8 Gina: how many in a large? guy: 8.. WTF HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
man my toe nails hurt O_o how is this possible
I'm dying inside and no one cares.... How is that possible?
How is it possible that I'm still wide awake? :( x
Thats crazy how I can the name of beyonce and get 10 mentions from people who dont follow me how is that possible lol
this sangria is too strong for me. how is this possible. WHAT HAVE I BECOME?!
How is it possible for tiger balm to make horrible pain fucking worse?
how is it possible to look like sex?
How is it possible that I've head 'smack that' by akon twice in one night???
How is that even possible?
How could she possible think her twitcon is cute, smh
Sheed Ass Don't Know How To Drink .. Is That Even Possible ? Who Tf Don't Know How To Drink ?! 0_o
Dad is snoring so loud tonight.. Like wtf? How is it possible to reach that level!?
How is it possible to repeatedly screw up a QB sneak?
How is it even possible for New Years to be this dead this year...
Bruh, the top nigga on Temple Run got like 2 billion summin. How tf is that possible?
Is it possible to people watch on Facebook? Because that is how I feel when I read through my feed.
Apparently Taylor Swift was too photoshopped for Covergirl UK ? How the hell is that possible...
Woah.. Wtf how is this possible
How is it possible for people jus to nawt give a damn about n e thing, or is it a front?
Club move ? how is this possible lol
holy shit im going home from sydney TOMORROW HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
How is it possible to be in a world full of people, yet feel so alone
How is missing someone so much even possible.
Na,got a new phone. RT TwiraGODESS: Is that possible? How do u? RT luutourCPT: So I had to change my
How is that even possible!
how is it possible that the league is filled wit scrubs and nobody wants to sign my man Allen Iverson...this is a conspiracy
Even before the mall opens the Apple store is packed!! How is this possible?
Conversation with SIL: I said I’d only read 35 books this year. She blinked and said she hadn’t read 1…how is that possible?
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
how is it possible that i'm lost in my own world..
Explaining how much you love One Direction is like explaining the taste of water. It is just not possible.
i am freezing. how is this possible in southern california? :p
"@Mizz_A_Marie: Riddle: A man was born in 1955, today he turned 18....how is that possible?" Leap year
Tryna Figure Out How This Shit Is POSSIBLE !!!
How is it possible to have a civil war?
How is it possible for me to be this bad
i hate dreamhost. i feel like it's wrecking everything. how can it suck so badly? how is it possible?
my 1 year old brother just called me a nigga . how is that even possible !
How is it even possible to foul somebody on a 3 pointer ? like why would you do that ?
Riddle: A man was born in 1955, today he turned 18....how is that possible?
It's like I hit the bottom of the bottom .. How the fuck is that possible ?
Why am I totally curled up under my blankets and everything is so warm, except my feet?! They're freezing! HOW is this possible?!
I don't know how it is possible for my cat to whine as much as she does
I had Subway for dinner, how is it possible to have heartburn this bad?!?
How is it possible that I only have 7 weeks until I meet my sweet baby girl!? soexcited
Seriously melt in yo mouth charsiu wehh . So amazed !!! -How is this even possible I don't even like charsiu but this is sooo goood .
I miss my sister, and we live together how is that possible -___-
1 THING I LEARNED ABOUT MYSELF THIS YR IS HOW IN MANY WAY'S I LET NEGATIVITY TAKE OVER ME AND IT ISNT THE BEST POSSIBLE WAY 2 RESLOVE THINGS
Like how is that even possible....they don't have a bball team?
How is it possible I'm watching this game right now?
How is that even possible ?
I am sleepy but I can't sleep.. Now how is this even possible??
how do you kindly tell someone on facebook to fuck off without sounding like an asshole? Or is that not possible?
How to celebrate holidays in best possible way: A great soccer tour is determined by how well it is done and how much enjoyable it wa...
I dont know how they make beats in commercials when eatin a Kit kat bar. Is that even possible? U kno how many times i wuldve gotn it wrong!
I want scream and omfg HOW IS IT POSSIBLE TNIOWAJTMIO WHY ARE YOU SUCH A DORK OMGDFHIOSJRHIO WAHAHAWh
So I'm the type to make lists of my lists... How, is it possible, that I can be so unorganized?
How is it possible that I slept 13 hours last night and I'm still tired
Master: How Old is ur father?  .Pappu: As old as I am.  .Master: How is it possible?  .Pappu: He became father only after I was born.
I love how he makes me feel, like anything is possible, or like life is worth it.
how it is possible that my brothers gas seeps into my room.. i mean my door was closed :((
How is it possible when u love someone so much, u are actually pushing them away?
I called Danny who has T-Mobile with an iPhone(at&t) but a Verizon voice operator came on. I have Sprint. How is this possible? -_-
How is this even possible!?
how is it possible that i woke up late, did absolutely nothing all day and still managed to take a nap....
How is it possible that Lance Testroet has gotten hotter in the last four years? It's just plain unfair.
BUT I JUST DONT GET IT. HOW IS THIS EVEN REMOTELY POSSIBLE.
I always forget my mom's birthday because it's on New Year's :c lol how is that even possible??
Uhhh in this last month I have sent and received 15,768 texts.................... How is that possible.
How do you Right a Wrong?! Is it even possible?!
I have a hoodie & sweatpants on. & i'm FREEZING. How is that possible?!.
How is this possible? .It isnt, my nails look very tacky, I may as well go the the black hair Salon and get those claw like nails
how is it possible Tatsuma is fightn wit his power..when the 4 vessels are now safely away??
I dnt like that you "think" you know me so well .. How is that possible if I dnt even know me that well ?
i have never understood how it is possible to be SO tired yet still be wide freaking awake
I just had a really bad dream I screwed up exams - how is that possible when I already got my marks back? =S I'll take it as a warning
Ladies how does a guy get out of the "friend zone" if he has been knowing a girl for a while && never tried nun with her?is it possible?
How is it even possible I'm getting sick again when I JUST got over bronchitis!!!??? ☹
lmaoo! Blake couldn't pick him up. How is that even possible, his ass is huge!
People be hating people they don't even know...how is that possible??
How is it possible that I still have a bruise from over the summer!!?
All the plans that we have made,all those promises that we made,all those things I see in the future.....I wonder how is that possible.
How is it possible to be surrounded by people and still feel so alone?
“@20Cortez They having a party at the RBC center..... how is that even possible?  O_o”
Watching 'This Is It', the Michael Jackson concert video. It's not possible to overstate how great, and tragic, he was.
How is it possible that I can care about someone so ridiculously much and it not be reciprocated in the slightest?
How is it even possible for my sister to snore THAT loud?!
David Tennant is 40... How is it possible for him to be so sexy???
How is it possible to only two days I work is when my two favorite shows premiere -_- fml!
Yoonyul looks so sick today...how is this even possible that my heart is aching at the sight of their tired faces lackmakvlakv
like, it cant be general or just outwardly possible without personal experience. and personal experience is fine because how else
How the hell is it possible to hate Jaehyo wtf
How is it even possible to be that sexy?
I can't believe Britain hasn't knighted me yet. How is this even possible?
how is it possible to feel so tired and awake at the same time?
Tirzah is eating bacon for the first time. Like how is this even possible.
How is that possible?
How is that even possible...
I'm very drunk, yet I'm not drunk tweeting.  .How is that EVEN possible? . .It's not.
We were bestfriends together through thick and thin how is it possible that your turning your back on me.
“@eesmith91:How is it that I try so hard to work things out but just get burned? Sometimes I want to move as far away as possible.” Seattle?
All of the Braum's are out of egg nog. How is that possible?
How is it possible to have such a low voice, but a high pitched laugh? Your fucked, man
haha oklahoma has seven total yards of offense, how is that even possible
“@MorrisWALnut: How is it possible to love somebody so hard and they don't give no fcks bout u????”<< !!!! Been saying this ALL week!!
Is it possible too forget how too straighten hair? I surely have -_-  .Well I'm gonna be curly for a while ..
I just got a charlie horse in my pec muscle........HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?!?
Our goal for 2012 is to help as many people as possible to love their life. Wellness of the world is the goal. Let us know how we can help.
How is it possible that this day can still be getting worse?
How is it possible to love somebody so hard and they don't give no fcks bout u????
How is it possible that just 2 people create so much laundry and tons of dishes?!?
We all want something real, but everybody ISN'T real. So how is that possible?
How is that possible, lol
A pregnant virgin, raped and prgnantd, test says "still a virgin" how is that possible"? 9ja
girls lie to me all the time... always telling me they love me... they barely know me though... how is that possible
How is that possible on earth?
How is it possible for a bite slightly stale donut to induce so much pleasure?
How is it possible for a guy to sing as both a man and woman at the same timeeeeeee
That Verizon advert with the Respawn team... HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE. Amazing.
My plan is to wake up for the gym at 9 tm.. how will this be possible?
how is it possible to have everything you ever wanted but have the most empty feeling at the same time?
How is it possible that I just now discovered the British rock band Elbow? Build A Rocket Boys!
“@PrestonMiklich: How is it possible to be gay? Girls are awesome..”.  RT. Sometimess!
i always wanted to become a tattoo artist well lets see how that goes...well anything is possible.
How is it possible that I just hurt myself again? I'm such a mess this week.
Derrick Daily- I pooped four times already I'm about to go for five how is this possible
I don't know how it's physically possible to be tired from traveling when all we do is sit down. But I am fucking tired, soo....
How is it possible to be gay? Girls are awesome..
If you never take risk, how will you know if anything is possible
"@minsoobang: high school musical is on tv rn & i thought of chunji" how's that even possible o___O
I like comedy AND MMA.  It is possible.  You don't have to be a Bro to be able to Go.  Men should know how to fight.  Don't be a bitch.
How can you love somebody without trusting them , is that possible ?
I dont know how this is possible, but, these NO home jerseys make Chris Kaman look even whiter.
Hoje é o último dia do ano. HOW IS THAT FUCKING POSSIBLE?
Can't believe my mom is such a horrible person to me. How is it possible we're even related... I never even did anything. What the hell.
Time is crushing me this evening. My parents are 60. All of our grandparents are passing quickly. How is this possible?
I DONT FUCKING UNDERSTAND HOW THIS IS POSSIBLE. someone please explain this to me.
How is it possible for straight guys to get turned out? I still don't get it...
I missed his little cry. Cries but no tears. Lol still trying to see how that is possible!
How is that even possible?? Lol. That nigga don't even kiss girls in the mouth  lol.
Is it true that Katy & Russell are getting divorced? Someone tell me it's not true before I go into a deep depression. :'(
do you know that real friends don't exsist ? if you have a fight and a person helps you; that is a true friend. not somebody that walks off.
the childeren think that a criminal Jesus Christ  is but thats not true
Faith is 'believing' something you don't 'know' to be true.  Don't be so ignorant as to not also 'believe' that you could be wrong. -Eze
I wonder if this will be the last nye, and all that apocalypse malarkey is true. Probably not.
Oh please, voice in my head. Stop telling me that I'm the only one who is staying home on a NYE, cause Its not true, right tweeps?
you will know something is true of something that is not true. so think first before saying a bad things that are not true .
“@AnnieRayCyrus_: you can hate me , but i still do think that Jelena is not a true relationship....just for the public” i think the same
'new year, new start, new me' ~ well that's not strictly true because no one is going to forget what an A* wanker you were last year
Go for a guy who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you, because that's true love.
Is it true that Quinn and Brittany will sing mash-up "The Edge of Glory" (Lady G) and "Superbass" (Nicki Minaj) or not?
Liam is pissing me of saying I get steaming after one bottle of wkd lol that's not true so fuck you
i had a teacher named miss moron too i didnt like her too and no im not lying i gaf who believes that shit is all true
you can hate me , but i still do think that Jelena is not a true relationship....just for the public
That is so true! :) Happy new year angel! :) RT@chalkedhearts Its not a complete family dinner without family drama.
As much as id love for this not to be true... The ONLY flesh and blood person that has my back w/o a shadow of o doubt is my wife.
Best friends, boyfriend/girlfriend...all that shit is not true, ok?
Edna St. Vincent Millay~ Its not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over.
its true that if you never try you never know. but at times not knowing is for the best...
you tell me that I don't love you, you know that is just not true
People are saying ; these days you can get famous without any talent. That's not true, the talent is people without any talent get famous.
my last RT is so true , & that's not okay . I WILL NOT waste any of my time this year .
I wish it was not true .but that's the way it is
That is NOT true
Staying true to yourself is not pretending that you are prefect, it's knowing that you aren't.
People say love hurts, but that's not true. Loneliness, rejection, losing someone hurts. Love is theQ3a7v
It is Not Necessary To Share Everything Between True Friends, But It is Necessary That What You Share Must Be True
I'll never tell a person that I love, if that is not true!
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.
Is it true that this coming december 2012 end of the world? i wish is not true :\
It was said that if u gave a million monkeys keyboards they would produce great things,we now realise this is not true,as proven by Facebook
"Item 1, a cheery disposition... I am never cross" That is SOOO not true... at least according to the Mary Poppins books! LOL
The true meaning of the precepts is not just that one should refrain from drinking alcohol, but also from getting drunk on nirvana. ~Bassui
The way certain people look at good is so sad ... They say it kills and etc when that's not even true
This year went by super fast. Time is certainly of the essence&its a true treasure that can not be replaced... Grateful 4 all my experiences
MeekMill is the king of tweets hands down he a true fans lover salute that niggah its not a request this is a command
True Luv, lyk perfection is infinate & immaculate; when some1 truly luvs u, though u & others see u as not, to that 1 u r always divine.
"I''m sarcastic 24/7" .If that's true, that sentence is sarcasm, therefore not true, so you don't know where you're coming from. .Dilemmas.
people break up all the time, but when Joe does it once he's a serial dater and he is a jerk. Please.. that's just not true
One day you'll see, your one true love is not that far away
fuck. i had a dream that i was making beats for the game. why is this not true?
I saw the last image of Demi Lovato it is sexy a true step that does not make you call back the MTV Movie Awards on 2011
There are many who said that Zayn is dating a girl named Kayla. It is not true. This Kayla is a fictional fb,where she pretends dating Zayn
There are many who said that Zayn is dating a girl named Kayla. It is not true. This Kayla is a fictional fb, where she pretends dating Zayn
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.♥
I’ve heard from so many that what we do is to share or sell your data, and that is just not true
"To know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know. That is true knowledge." - Confucious
If a belief creates any Fear in you ; that belief is not in alignment with your true self ~ basher
There's somethin about it that made ne hold on all this time. I'm not giving up yet, Because true love is forever.
there is someone (like a virus) posting things that say they are from me,. Not true so don't click on anything with a site.
The true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it. .- Voltaire
Will you free me from the logic that I knew o-o-o-ohh? I believe it even if it is not true o-o-o-ohh
'a true belieber is someone that...' NO FUCK OFF IT'S NOT A RELIGION YOU BUNCH OF SAD CUNTS
Never say that you are not perfect, all is perfect in its own way. ♥ .thats is true words to.
Is it true..that African parents love to punish their children by not buying food for the house?
Gonna make my promise true. That is not to lose everrrr
Is that not enough to say that .we are made for each other is all that is *Hosanna* true ...#hosanna
yes. i jump EVERY YEAR for they believe and i believe that it will make you tall. but unfortunately, it is SO NOT TRUE.
Hey everyone, NYE is not the apocalypse - the actual date the Mayan calendar ends is 21/12/2012. If it's true, that's when it'll happen!
I just remember something. When we're having breakfast this morning, my brother about Justin Bieber being dead? Is that true? I bet not.
If your "job" is always so stressful(not sure if its true) then just tell the leader guy person that you cant handle it for goodness sake!
I'm not sure whether the excuse or the reason that you gave me is true or acceptable . I'm not convinced .
Some say knowledge is power, but that is not true. Character is power. -Sri Sathya Sai Baba
Some people say i only listen to One Direction..That's so not true! well...maybe it is. Haven't thought of that actually...
Something tells me that dream is going to come true and its NOT gone be a happy ending :(
why do you think my world is turning around you ??? THAT IS NOT TRUE
"Bridge said I don't speak to him. That is not true. I told Wayne two years ago that he was not part of our plans." - Roberto Mancini
So the Katy and Russell thing is not true right? Cos currently the radio DJs just said that it's a rumour.
S " Is that true ? not McKenzie, the other thing. Do you...like me ?"
If this is the last time we speak, just remember that my feelings were genuine and true, you walked away, not me.
I'm not saying that I care , I'm just saying what is true (8)
"The following may also not be true and is also a rumor: but it is said that EXO’s waiting room was actually MBLAQ’s."
we know thats not true. how is that gay.
Why don’t people call me up before writing things that are not true? All this is nonsense
I'm not gonna say that I Love You , because it's not true , I say I Love You , when is realy true baby ♥
RT "@SPACELY_swoosh :#MyOpinion .. a girl male bestfriend either gay or they lowkey like each other / talking" that is not true at all.
doomsday?? if that is true...so it means that our generation is born to die,not to build our dreams,:(
There's often a belief that models get free clothes, but sadly, this is not necessairly true.
before you know me, do not you judge me that is not true
So the national security adviser says " we can talk with Boko haram"....I want to believe that Sun newspaper headline is not true....God pls
It is not necessary to share .everything between true friends.. .But it is necessary .that what you share must be true..!
"Theres no religion that can save me" ranked it will rain. Seriously. Why? Because that statement is not true.
“@yourFACE_myLAP: the loudest nigga in the room is usually the brokest ...” THAT IS NOT TRUE
Is that true? It is best not to spend even a centavo on Jan. 1?
Being a boss is not a word A true boss is silent and their actions show you who the boss is no that
How is that odd and not true? U totally hate me.
I hope that's not true...my aunts about to be hella mad if it is
That is so not true, Gu-- Hi! I'm Kyle, and you are?
"@PhepheRose: Its not who you are that holds you back, its who you think you're not." That is so true.
True beauty is being comfortable w urself, ure not even comfortable w what ppl think of u. No wonder y u look like that.
Some people say: "Forgive but don't forget"... The thing is that forgiving 4 TRUE, actually involves FORGETING! If not, u're just resigned!
"After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true." -Spock
For IND ELF PLS DONT spread the news that is NOT TRUE! it's embarrassing! ><
It is just a prediction, that is not true !!
That Theory That Every GUY Is The he Same Is NOT TRUE.
I haven't heard that convo in a while... These kids think having  sex is required, not true !!!
Damnnn that is kinda true but you not doing yo job where h would put yo ass first
"@willspencer: What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know; it's what we know for sure that just ain't so. - Yogi Berra"// SO TRUE
Ya I know what's coming next a rummer that IS NOT true at all... You did this to me before... It hurts worse the THERD TIME... Stupid men
Steve: the only french word you know is buffet  .Zach: that's not true I know croissant
The camera is actually supposed to add 10 lbs...not inches but in my case...that's not true so I had to shake it up a bit!
I charge U not to associate yourself with prosperity teachings that ignore sound doctrine 4 own ambition. God's word is the true prosperity!
It's true that not everything is meant to be. But at least, remember that everything is always worth a try.
The worst part of this is not to have others said that you're a good-for-nothing, but to have yourself starting to believe that it's true.
Heard that Sky is evicted , dont if its true or not but it is rumored ...
everyone that shit is not true !!!!!!!!
True love is not measured by how many happy moments you have, but how many desperate time that you survived from through hard time
“@PTown11w: "@SNOOKI3BEAR: Lol someone told me all the bad bitches get treated badly.... Is that true?"not all but some tho !” Smh
My only true wish for 2012 is to see my grandma fight away this cancer,  that shit hurts bad af to not be able to see her anymore.. :(
Sometimes you have to believe things that are not true because that is the art of getting by
It is not true that before Smart Phones we only had daft ones
See see noo noo that is not true!! That's why ion tweet bout him no moe lol cuz y'all say dat!
While it is true that the last 3 solo albums from Ihsahn are a trilogy, they are not meant to be his only solo work. New album in 2012
“@SayingsForGirls: Go for a guy who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you, because that's true love”
I love how Sae is so negative even if she plays the Genki role in akb. Shows that she's true to herself and not acting only be happy.
My headband is the one that always cheers me up. Kinda like magic, but it's not. True story.
Anatidaephobia :The fear that somewhere, somehow, a duck is watching you. . . .It is true ???!!!!! believe it or not
Ever heard of the saying that the best things in life is free. Well that saying is true. This world is not as cruel as you think it is. :)
Why are you curious about shit that is not true.
Good God this family is poisonous. You're both psychotic. I'm not saying that from an angry teen standpoint. I'm saying that bc it's true.
I just read an artical that says I need a doctor is the worst single of the year! I'm pissed! That's not even true! It was way better than..
shawnldewey punting is not a sin in football but that's not true in the dating world. Take it from m
It's true that I can love you for who you are but not completely trust you. Trust is huge.
If the whole 2012 thing is true, that means I only have a year left with you... That's not enough time...
That's not actually true btw, there is no cure for cancer. Especially team cancer. Blue Jays, I am so sorry
true love is not measure by how many happy moments you have, but how many desperate time that you survive from through hard time.
I hate people who like spread the story that is not true.
Knowing what/who you want and also knowing that you MIGHT not get it/him/her is just plain tough!!!!! Do I hear sm1 say, TRUE?
Other might make me laugh but that's not a true laugh or smile the only truly one is coming from you putting that smile on my face ily
I used to think that seeing my favorite band in concert just once would be enough. That, however, is not true.
“@alexabrya: There is not much that i loath more than the dreaded side hug.” so true!
"once a cheater, always a cheater" is not true, if that person truly wants to change and be loyal, they can be.
There is no "new" me , this is just my alter ego that I've been trying my best to not let out lol.... I heard she was a true bitch
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on. Conception is magical. It's a true miracle you're alive. You were not an accident.
Hate it when ppl say the youngest usually always get what they want. That is so not true okay? Be in my shoes, then you'll know how I feel.
ummm im pretty sure that fact is not true
Lol that is NOT true! Lol 3 lips...smh
I wish I could ask her... I wish I never saw that.. I wish it wasn't true.. I wish that.. That it's not what I think it is... I hope it's
Ariana is a true inspiration. She inspired millions to put their hearts up everyday. Millions, not just hundreds. That's REAL inspiring. ♥
"Love that is true and real creates a respite from death. All cowardice comes from not loving, or not loving well, which is the same thing".
You do. Things that he does, we just may not like them. We can't just pretend we do for attention. A true belieber is just loving him-
"That's what true love really is. It's not this fairytale life that never knows pain, but it's two souls facing it together."
Love is only for those who have worked hard for it, maybe that's not true, maybe love comes to easy to those... who don't know better
Is it true that sending thru LBC for Sendong victims is not for free anymore?
Never Trust Something That Bleeds For Seven Days And Does Not Die ....Women can't be trusted ◄ this is so true :P
...I'm not even watching JS this season and I feel confident that that last tweet is true.
“@clementinesford: Often the dead would not approve of the things we do to lessen the pain of having lost them.”RT Wow, that is so true.
When you go through hardships and decided not to surrender, that is true strength. Everyone has burdens, what counts is how you carry them.
Some girl on fb said Megan Raymond had her baby .. That's not true is it? :O
Lmao marcus that is not true
another loyal spreading around rumors and i don't think its true that sandra is using u..she's not she's a loving person please unblock me
80's TV shows would have you believe that adding glasses + sweater + attractive individual == nerd. . .The inverse is not true.
Tonight, we saw a guy who was so skinny, that he made my pinkie finger seem fat. True story. Btw, my pinkie is NOT fat.
So I heard a guest say that War Horse was based on a true story. Yeah, a movie about a personified horse is definitely not fiction.
That's not the first time I've seen him say something about a girl and how he's never hit and quit. Is it true though?
I try really hard to be a true friend and do the right thing but not everyone is like that unfortunately.
Dear God the only thing I ask of u is to hold her whn I'm not around,whn I'm much too far awy We all need that person who can be true to u♬♬
True low is around the corner. No, not that corner. The metaphorical corner.
Loosing you is not the end of the world. But it's true that it definitely hurts
I hope all ye that speak highly of bacon doth not eschew thy beliefs when questioned by philistines. For bacon is the one true divine food.
Thing is that tweet was true .. My stalker might die of not knowing what I'm up to at every second.
The true love of my life is a stripper that lives in cleveland ohio..and y the fuck did i shit on him??..im not even sure..:(
This is True That I Love You But I am Not More Interested In you Coz Now You Are Not only Mine.
Yes that's Veryy true Samantha , No guy is worth our Good Ass Friendship(:, not even for one Chinese eye dude XD!
You would think that hugging yourself would stop someone from hugging you....its not true. Niggas is rude
when i heard about that DM where harry apparently said he did not like us i wanted to cry, i REALLY hope that is not true
The bond that links your TRUE Family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life
** Change is the only constant in life. It's up to you whether it's positive or not. My change will be positive that much I know is true **
"oh is that WoW on my computer screen? goodbye social life it was nice not really knowing you" xD it's funny cuz it's true. :')
He's says all I do is tweet but that's not true.. I eat, sleep & take lots of pictures :)
I really hope that 2012 shit is not true.
I hope that is not true about Darnell
do not spit thing that is not true. it was a lie
"no that's not true" yes it is and is rather you stop denying it ;/ it is true, you did do that. Face it, I know you never realised.
When you go through hardships and decided not to surrender, that is true strength. Everyone has burdens, what counts is how you carry them
“@CaliKidCy: For all the girls who enjoy saying "that shit cray" I would like you to look up the true meaning of it. It is not "crazy"” lmao
saying jamie lee curtis is not hot in that movie would be a true lie.
Is it true that there is a person on this Earth that looks exactly like you? Not a twin, nor anyone you know.
That whole crap about Harry & the dms is not true or else Hazza gets no pussy....cats
It is not necessary to share everything between your true friends,but it is very much necessary that what you share must be TRUE...!!♥♥.
I know my tez bet not be racist, is that true honey ?
Focusing on something that's not 4 u distracts you from what is ....#lighten your load In 2012...if u haven't been true to you..#StartNow
Importante en estas fechas: “The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.” R. Bach
Its true that everyday is a new day, yeah. But then, not everyday is a new year ;)
True Point is a pass first player. Rose can be that, just not with this team.
True that brother RT"@wa_moshole1: He is not God of failure,But success"
Spirits become confuse with their bodies and because the body can die, Spirits think that they can die, but that is not true.
Do you think this year is the year of Adele, does not? That's true, she won the hearts of all the world. Follow me if you love her: X
getting tired of people sayong the world is gonna end in 2012 ... THAT'S NOT TRUE!
Tooo BAD its Not True i think and ppl agree that my butt is a nice size he must have been sleepy or bein mean lol
one day you will see what is best for you. that what you have now, is not the best, it's true.
someone left a comment in my Vid sayin-Oh,Sweden is like Cali in Europe! NOT true &,i'd like to see that person LIVE HERE IN "CALI";)
I can't stand it when ppl say "Linkin park is nothing without Chester". Thr is 1 very insulting reason why that is not true. No offence.
Umm...I need the new season of True Blood to come now. I may not be a super vamp fan like in high school, but that is my show.
It is not true to say that you only fall in love only once. Every time I think of you I fall in love all over again
Jennette is the definition of true beauty. And not just outside but in the inside too. And that's really so difficult to find.
A true friend is not one that makes you laugh, is one that can make you cry. Always remember that young folks.
This is a true story.......except the parts that are not.
The stuff that people are tweeting on thingseveryonewants is not true...u dont know everyone to say that everyone wants those things
Some things just won't change, but some things will... That is just a TRUE statement! I guess if that person do not want to change....
“@MigzVillafuerte: is it true that if you sleep a lot you'll get taller?” Not even an inch. I would know. Haha
- God is love and true happiness. Not fame, money nor power. it's sad that others don't realise that.
That last RT is SOOOO not true! I wear my heart right out on my sleeve in a relationships. No downplaying, no hiding, no games. Smh
Fairytales are stories that make children feel good. .Dreams are ambitions created by us and whether or not they come true.. is up to you. (:
Have you not  been to school, never?  If that is true, and you're right, what made ​​you decide to come this year?  - You. .Hush Hush
Oh“@_duhhSheBADD: “@ImDatNigga_Jack: Only true alcoholics know what pregaming means” Whaaat that is not true .”
go for a someone who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you because that's true love.♥
For all the girls who enjoy saying "that shit cray" I would like you to look up the true meaning of it. It is not "crazy"
Skrillex is the final boss in Skyrim. While that isn't true, it sounds real, so in a way, it's kinda true &, if it's not, it should be.
“@ImDatNigga_Jack: Only true alcoholics know what pregaming means” Whaaat that is not true .
I guess you can say that, true love is better when it’s not something you think you should have to say it
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Richard Bach
True love is not faith, there is no faith, that's only future that u should made
It is amazing that so many Christians are willing to pay cash for ministry. Serious error. God's true work is not for sale.
You say you care, that's  .a lie. My true compassion is for all living  .things and not just the ones who are cute  .so I do what I can
My friends think that all i do on twitter is talk bout Cody and Supernatural no thats not true i have a real life too.
Somebody said arts blogs are about opinion. But that's not true; they're about defining your own aesthetic. Or at least that's what mine is.
"The magic of dreams is just that, they Are dreams, they are not meant to come true"
'My mommy said I'm not black beacause I can't french braid is that true? Can all black people braid?... ireally need some feedback
what do you feel when you get blame for something that is not true? and its getting worst when u tried to tell them but they wouldnt listen
That is not true ! U don't love me funny acting ass lil girl ."@EnvyOXO: Chicken stikks dont love me"
my new years resolution: to not set idealistic  but ultimately empty goals for myself.  I've accepted that true change is impossible
When you're TRUE to it and not NEW to it, overcoming is the easy part, it's getting people to accept who they & u are that's sometimes iffy
I am not always honest with or true to myself and that shit is going to change.!
:Shakspear  Says!  . ."It is not Necessary to Share Everything between True Friendz. . .But it is Necessary that what u Share must b True .Gd ...
the shit I believe that I know is not true!<<<<<
- the only reason why im NOT pissed off is because of this true blood marathon . . . thank God for that .
I don't like to be easily manipulated & influenced by delusional shit that people make seem is true & real when you know its not !
“@BmtBombShell Big feet big meat! ” • I found that this is not true smh
That's what true luv is your not one with out the other <3!#trueShit
Thanks ma NYC niggaz, but that is a wish that will not come true.
Which is not necessarily true but she put me out there like that treacherous
When people lie to you so much , that eventaully its so easy to be able to tell if what their saying is true or not .
supposedly everybody at my school is either a hoe or stuck up....that's not true SOME of the time
Please don't lower your standards ladies...that GUY is still out there believe it or not... :D stay true to yourself
I talk to 5 ppl from school which is how I know and you know damn well that's not true
"Your momma's so fat that she lost her leg to Diabetes complications" is NOT funny if it's true. .Which it was.
Yes the bible is absolutely 100% true. Nothing in that book hasn't been disproven. Nope. Not at all
Lls i had to laugh at that one cause that is so true ok ur not dismissed but dnt try to slay tho cause when u do i get missing !
That not true For every woman there is a man "@StMileyCyrus: If I die young, I'll never have husband :("
So the whole world thinks im getting it in with oomf, weather that is true or not has nothing to do with people in all my bitness
Kevin is not a multimillionaire, so we know that is already true.
i'm not a libra, but that tweet is true. :)
That's not false statement that's true, get money is all i Do!
I'm drunk and Trish is making me food. She's not even hungry! That's true love right there. Love her the most!
Sooo true “@TasteLike_KENDY U DO NOT know that a year is goin to be a good year. Only god knows wats in store for u smh”
I love you! . So maybe it is true that I can not live without you porquesó I know how much I love you and how you precisode s2
"@RealEli: i've learned that there is no need for revenge. karma will even the score." Could not be any more true..
I said " What, Cole? " he said " she said yu was pregnant is that true ? " I laughed & said " NO " I wanna kick Olivia ass im not PREGNANT
I'm not bitter or envious...just know that true love is something you experience ONCE in your lifetime...my own perception
Very true RT: I do not make new year's resolutions. The only thing I do in excess is be awesome, I'm not going to stop that in 2012.
Guilt: Then Peter began to speak: "I now realize how true it is that God does not show favoritism (Acts 10:34)
“I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!” ~Mila Kunis<3
The wide belief that metabolic rate is genetic is not true
that is so not true
Go for a guy who is not only proud to have you, .but will also take every risk to keep you, because that's true .love♥
RT “@JNasty720: Just shows that you that Youtube is about sucking dick and not speaking up  for yourself... Im done. " so true. FTWDAMFS
Fellas: Is it true that no matter how good a girl fuck or suck you..that if a boy not in love..he will cheat?
Co-wrk whose Christian only reads nonfiction bc Philippians 4:8 says think on whatever is true and fiction is not true. Hadn't heard that 1
Twitter becomes an addiction,is that not true,the truth,greetings from Satan the Devil looking for souls to pray for me
That place filled with VIOLENCE (The Devil) in the Middle East is not the TRUE Jerusalem
wow that wasnt what i wanted to here i hope its not true! but im pretty sure it is.......
I hate people - people who just need me in trouble after that she hates me and talk about me that is not true
not at all “@KellzMarlee: Was thinking about this theory I have. Do y'all think that "birds of a feather" saying is true??????”
Will not shop as much, wear as many heels and make smart comments in 2012...if anyone thinks that is true I got real live unicorn spit 4sale
Ok, at Yashi sushi, best on the island! The BF said that sushi is all the same, its all about the wasabi, soy sauce and ginger? So NOT true!
"@Kveezy_: nobody go out on dates anymore" That is not true.  I still go on dates.
Why do these girls think like I wanna fuck their boyfriends? That is like so not true... I mean their boyfriends like wanna fuck me like OMG
When we are full of worry, stress and fatigue then that is a sure indication that we are not trusting The True And Living God!
That is soo not true but okay if you say so lol
My bestfriend said that I speed its not true she is the dare devil..lol I was only going 65-70
people think i hate Jay but thats not true, he just dont deserve the high horse that he on. the dude is sick, really is, just not the best.
She must not understand that basketball is not that important to me. My true love is soccer.
That saying "once u go black u never go back" is NOT TRUE!
That is NOT true love.
By the way, it is not 100% true. But I had to share that story with people to realize.
Sometimes I worry that my shyness is mistaken for me being an asshole, but that must not be true because of my lack of past lovers.
Glad I can talk to my players like adults & not down to them. As a coach that is where true growth happens.
It is my virtue and it is my dilemma:  I cannot convince myself of something that is absolutely not true.
My discover thing is one minute telling me that it's not true and that the next it is.. Just take it the fuck down. We all know :'(.
Daniel said I'm unstable when I'm mad (._.) that is not true. I can control myself lol.
I really do not believe that DM is true
Told SISTAH last night that most of the violence in Northbridge is by white bogans. No idea if true. Just not innerested in racist crap.
Hate it when people take you for something ur not, one bad thing and assume everything else is true, and that everything said is about them
When introducing people I say 'This is my friend [insert name]. But tbh, that's not true lol. I just know who they are.
Oh,and that wasn't me being arrogant,true,Im sexy&you know it,but thats not the point,the point is,I just wouldnt be a "man-w***e"
"The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it" :))
While the previous statement is very true, that may not have been me typing it.
Happy Birthday Jesus. You were one hell of a carpenter! If all that other stuff is true...not bad, nVTktd
So true"@Tony_Horton: "It's not very often you get to choose a defining moment in your life. Choosing P90X is just that." ~ John Nicolich ~"
Tweeting somebody something that's not true just to get a response is kinda lame
If this text from my brother is true I'm gonna fucking kiss this Director!!!! Lol maybe not all that but :D
My dad told me that I'm not going to get anywhere in life, and the funny thing about that is that it's true, lol
Happy to report that its not "farewell Rob Bell" he def knows that Jesus is the only way and that God is the only true god.
A lie communicates some information .The liar intends to deceive or mislead .The liar believes that what they are 'saying' is not true
Is all I want is someone true in my life not all these fake people that are talking shit left & right. Fuck this shit just fuck it ! -_____-
That is sooo mean...NOT..but true"@DeilSoSweet: Them bitches who were thick in HS is fat now"
Somebody once told me that the easiest path is not usually the best. This not always true.
Girls shud stop saying that all guys want is sex because its not true
Is it true that I could be jailed for not making it to see a Jessica Chastain movie this year?
To all those that think the world is going to end tomorrow night or whatever in 2012, it's not true.
Beeb correspondents tonight on R4 have agreed that Hollande will be the next French President by default! Please God this is not true!
Is it true that Chaz and justin are not close anymore cause chaz said that selena is using justin for fame?i dont see them together anymore
im not a true Temple Runner my highest score is 256,900 that light weight compared to everyone else who's in the millions-_-
.......something that the world n myself shood work on is to be true not only to other but to them selfs..#just saying
I ain't do not a goddamn thing this whole break and that will b extremely true if my new years is fucked up
Just heard that Jay-z and Beyonce had a girl and its called Tiana May Carter , not sure if its true, but congrats if it is
Not all that is true is to be spoken. - Portuguese Proverb
-whether or not that person is “as good as it gets” and whether or not they can do better and/or find their “true love
The person that you let people see & know is not the true "you".
Male friend just told me having sex is like eating a turkey dinner. You need a nap after. I already know that's not true of all men.
To anyone that believes this Harry DM thing is true, you're unbelievably gullible! Because it's not. He'd never say that! :)
I hope that DM that I just read that's supposed to be from "Harry" is not true, it just doesn't....
That retweet is not true at all ...smh
The CBC need a true youth-oriented radio station, not the joke that is Radio 3. Look at how successful British artists are due to the BBC.
nations: Christian or Baptist black, Allah said: how can you verify a sacrifice given to Him is true that you did not make the Holy Bible.
"Its like when you said Richard was sexually abusing you. " "Mum,its not like that,this is true." I adore misfits!
"If You Ask Me How I'm Doin, I Would Say I'm Doin Just Fine, I Would Lie And Say That Your Not On My Mind"... This is so true right now.....
The true test to knowing how good-looking you are or not is from the comments that you get from relatives that haven't seen you in a year.
Okay twitter why you telling me I follow no-one... That is not true
if you come and tell me , but please dont pretend that you care when it is not true
You see there are people who believe that the function of the police is to fight crime and thats not true
Do you remember when the Bi Examiner always used to refer to Russell Brand as out? This is a good to remind ourselves that's not true :(
My daddy say i'm always doing something and that is so not true. I am foreverrrrrrrrr in the house.
Not exactli"@NuNu_E: Is it true that 3rd mainland bridge is on fire?!"
“@siRJocQ s/o To All The Real Woman Out There That Know The True Value Of A Man Is Not In His Wallet.”
That's not true what Harry said is it;-(
That is not true....
Is it true that we may not have access to Fox & NBC in Sioux Falls soon? WTH?
It might not be true, but what if it is?! That would be amazayn!
if your mind is closed your legs will remain open havng sex is not the steping stone to true love if that's all you got,thats all you'll get
keep in mind that your true family is not always connected by blood .
True talk RT "@steffaniez: One of the worst feelings in the world is not knowing if that special one loves you back!!"
Do people really think @.ImAriGrande is Ariana, any true Arianator know that its not.
The argument that learned Muslims use, that the Qur'an is the only Scriptures existing in their original language, is not altogether True.
that is true, u are not the same when ur hungry becuz when im at work and i aint had my lunch break ... u better not even look at me
s/o To All The Real Woman Out There That Know The True Value Of A Man Is Not In His Wallet.
Big XII only has ONE (1) non-conference loss?  Is that true? (not counting aTm & Mizzou defectors)
Funny thing is that's not even true
I'm "supposedly" a freak, but that is not true at all :)
Lol I can admit that the last tweet I retweeted is true lol cuz I still do that sometimes,not alot,maybe like 78% of the time lol 
girls always wanna assume just cause a few gay boys do something.. all of them can that is not true.
this is a very sad day. i pray that its not true :(
the reason that I'm doing a twitcam, is because some people said that I'm fake. I don't know why. But I'm gonna proove that it's not true.
nations: America is not our home people. We are the Israelites and our nation is the nation of Africa that is true Israel, Egypt our home.
fuck society's lie of what beauty is & just look in the mirror and see true beauty, because that's where it is. not on a magazine or screen.
Hope Its Not True Though...If It Isn't, The Person That Did This Is Very Stupid.
My last retweet is so true, but I'm not that type of guy.
Is it true that if you have a nook you can go to the front of the line??...No, it's not, so don't ask and look at ur friend and say "told u"
Not sure how any true UK fan cannot despise UofL. They're the annoying kid at the family reunion that everyone is dying to thump!
Karley is the only friend that I could hang out with, take a nap, and not be judged by her or her family. True friend! :)
TMZ is reporting that Russell Brand HAS FILED FOR DIVORCE from Katy Perry! I reeeeeeally hope its not true. :( love them together!
"@joshmeatsix: Sometimes not saying anything is better than saying something that leaves you totally exposed" so true!
Wes Welker became the first white wide receiver to be fined? Not sure if that's true but if it is... Wow. Can't think of any others tho
that last tweet was true! this is not a game!
I don't think my biggest fear is my dreams not getting true .. It s getting true with someone else name on it... that will be devastating..!
I can't read! (obviously not true) I feel that way cause I'm reading torts and it is gibberish!!
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows. -George Eliot
If you don't know me , why would you take the time to say something rude about me that you're not even sure is true ? Shallow people.
I hope that's not true, my granddad is still in Trinidad man.
This girl told me that if a Polo shirt says "Made in China" .. Its not real .. Is that true?
Love is not about how much you say "I love you", but how much you can prove that it`s true
The first thing anyone says to a girl that they're arguing with is that she's ugly and/or a hoe. Even if it's not true lol.
jmhodges So true; Alec Baldwin will not vouch for that; but Boeing is now making new designs of its t9Pr0
so I'm just remembering Brandon called me a nympho -____- that is sooo not true
"'The most important thing is to know Jesus Christ!' No. That's not true. The most important thing is that He knows you." - Paul Washer
Is it true that youre not supposed to talk on the phone when youre pumping gas? It would not make my day to see someone explode into flames
swearycat Boatie86 lol - that is not true - history is strewn with the corpses of those who thought
I kno wat I take one of my tweets back...I said before the only way to fix a broken heart is to not get one...but that's not true...
Ppl say that ur social life on twitter is defined by a comparison of the ppl u follow to your followers. Not true. It's a comparison of your
Honestly if BJAF is the next single I'll be really happy, but that's obviously not true.
yes, this was all self pity, not true love of self.  Christ has taught me what true love is, that when I learned to love others, I felt more
«@taliaferro1 WOMEN: a real man is not ashamed to acknowledge publicly and privately his love for God!!» that's true
Is it true that Russell Brand and Katy Perry are getting a divorce? I heard earlier they were taking a break not getting a divorce? :S
