OMG how do I upload vids to twitter I recorded a lady getting attack by a dog lol
Wish I knew how to upload pics here from ipad
Someone on a dating site messages me saying "how do I upload pics? I look good and watch to show eve
I cant figure out how to upload a pic from this htc phone
Can u help someone how to upload photo?
Stupid Youtube take my many hours to upload a single video.. how to continue this way !! WTH..F
How You Goin Bitch About The Pic I Upload Or What Niggas Say To Me, Maybe If You Did It They Wouldnt Have To.
Working on a video to show how I make deb files for my vWallpaper vids to upload to my repo. Requested a while ago. Just getting to it.
Anyone want to help me and tell me how long a video has to be to be able to upload it on to Facebook? :D xx
okay i fell lyk making a movie but dont know how to upload it xxxxxxxx
How to Upload a Background on Tumblr
i don't believe in doing new years resolutions, but this year i'd like to upload a youtube video of me singing a cover, and see how it goes.
Okay does anyone know how to upload a photo set to tumblr for iPod?
I dont kno how to upload pic on twitter through my tablet
Just scored the possibly the worst goal in FIFA history. Would upload the video, but I've no idea on how to do that. :/
I don't know how to upload pics on Facebook leh :P
I feel like posting youtube videos of covers and stuff but (1.)No account (2.)I dunno how to upload (3.)Dunno what songs to sing (-)hahahaha
you gotta get the facebook app from Yo market“@_9TimesOutta10: Do any body know how yo upload videos to facebook ... dat commercial funny”
Do any body know how yo upload videos to facebook ... dat commercial funny
And, thanks to a loophole in how I'm billed for upload bandwidth, New Year's Day will be an UNLIMITED UPLOAD day. Over 20MBits/sec upload!
MarcellusMusic how did you do that? Is there a way to upload some sort of software that will give yo
i'm wondering how long you actually sat there and took pictures of yourself and your watch to upload and waste space on my fb newsfeed.
How the hell do you upload videos from your phone to YouTube?
Wow I finally know how to upload pics to twitter. Slow af
"uh does anyone know how to upload videos on facebook" lmao that commercial gets me everytime !
i painted my sister's green n idk how to upload pics
“@YungLady_Savage Ok I'm done lol my children wish I can upload this video got to figure out how”wat video!?
Koi hai jo meri help kare gaa actully I am new user twitter I don't know how to upload pic and profile seeting :(:(help me plzzz
"ICULo_okinHO: PrettyQuietBabe Lol watchuu still duin up ?" How do u upload pictures to twitterOMS
how do u upload pics off ur ipad on to twitter? xx
ah I want to upload a picture of Bryan! I want you all to see how lovely my cousin is ! we're gonna celebrate his 18th tomorrow, yep NYE. (:
Do you guys know how to upload videos to facebook? Do you guys know how to upload videos to facebook?
Now How Do You Upload Videos To Twitter???
Oh but I'm upset idk how to upload videos to Facebook from YouTube :((xKW0x
how to upload more pictures to my account?? please help me...i'm new here...T_T
I want to finish this fucking video bit for some reason utube is denying my video. Is there a limit to how many videos one can upload a day?
How long it takes these videos to upload <<
So I changed internet plan & have slower up & download speeds to save some $, how long to upload a short video to FB? Oh, just 3 1/2 hrs :/
How do u upload videos to worldstarhiphop
How do u upload videos to twitter?!
How do anyone upload pics to twitter never enough memory. F it I'm on sum.
How trashy does someone have to be to upload pics of them smoking weed, their bag of weed, and them blowing smoke out of their mouth?
call/txt friends and fellow emcees about how to get on shows...email show promoters..upload music to website..redisgn my website
i forgot how to upload pictures to twitter
sry folks but I just figured out how to upload pics and have a few motivational posters I made to share, be done soon
lol i don't even remember how to upload an image on twitter??? and i want to!!1 :(
How sweet he did karaoke and song "Wild Thing" to me. I need to upload the video.
anybody know how to upload videos to Facebook ?
I'm all alone on a Friday night teaching my bf's little brother how to upload pics on fb :\
Hey guys, do you know how to upload videos to facebook ?
Getting Mad Cuz I Can't/Dont Knw How To Upload These Pics Frm my IPad...... ...Anybody Knw How To Do It????
I wonder how many kids are going to upload solo red cup pictures after new years, lemme congratulate you on your coolness in advance..
Exploring the mysteries of iPad. Would be great if I could just upload user manual to my brain. How
It's sad how people nowadays prefer to upload pictures on facebook rather than put it in a photo album. Photo album lasts longer.
how to upload picture??
dunno how many pix to upload LOL
I don't no how to upload a profile pic I don't no how to make it public ... I suck at this stuff -___-
"You guys know how to upload pictures tooo facebook?"
I'm not sure how I feel about the fact that one of my Facebook friends is making it known she wants to upload a vid of her kid's birth.
If I see that mob wives commercial or that how u upload videos to fb commercial . I'mma go crazy
Hurt about that video clip  & i patiently waited for the video to upload. Now i kno how to do it!
don't know how to upload my pix here man! Just pissed!
i can't figure out how to upload pictures from the camera to my computer. go me!
How do u upload pics to twitter??
Finally exploring the new Twitter format and viewing everyone's holiday photos. Wondering how people chose which app to upload their pics.
I wish i knew how to upload this video lol
i dont know how to upload pictures from my phone to the computer
Damn I don't know how to upload this fight to Twitter. These hoe's fighting was hooking
Wish I knew how to upload this video..
how do you upload videos to twitter?
Can Someone |please Tell me How to Upload Pictures Without making it my Dp , Ugh im soo Stupid. And Confused..
How do you UpLoad a video to worldstar???
Idk how to upload a picture for my instragram account. Wah.
3.) didn't upload ikno how to count ppl
How to earn an easy passive income from each and every photo you upload to the net
Finally figured out how to upload a picture
I do not know how to work this thing, how do you upload pictures not just your profile pic?
Anybody know how to update your blog background in the new blogger setup? It won't let me upload a template to the HTML
`Who knows How To Upload Pictures? I Forgot! ;o
erm can anyone tell me how to upload my fanfic onto tumblr?  im so confused haha.
Does anyone know how to upload a twitpic from an iphone?
ahhh, i figured out how to upload them !
Idk how to upload pictures to fb frm this computer errgh
does anybody know how to upload pics on twitter???????plssssss....could any body help me???
Lmao how many niggaz does it take to upload a mixtape? Fareal!!
i made a gif :) , but idk how to upload it to tumblr :/
Of course I have no idea if it'll be up before Whose Line is on, considering how slow it's taking to upload.
lol i'm already stuck at how to upload new fonts. to google!
Because I Have To Upload them c: And idk how else ill be able to get them. I'll credit you and everything I just want to upload them on time
How the fuck does someone have time to take like 20 photos of themselves and upload them on Facebook daily? WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Ecccckkkkkkk ; i dunnooo how to work this crap :/ Twitter : Let me upload my picture !
I hate how when  I upload pictures to fb or twitter it alwas flips them -_-
Upload all the pictures from my Nikon to the Mac. Might take a while considering how many photos I've taken today.
Ignore the egg for now ; gotta find out how to upload this pic
I also made a video of my hot cock which I may upload to twitvid so you have some vague notion of how fucking sexy I am
I forgot how annoying it was to upload pictures onto facebook
well it took me like an hr, but I finally figured out how to upload a new pic..haha..
How flippin' long does a photo upload on Forza 4 take to appear in your photos on their website!? *taps his foot and waits impatiently*
That was sooo 27 seconds ago «@aaliyahnewman Do you know how to upload videos to faceboooook!?»
Who know how to upload a pic from mobile to twitter
Do you know how to upload videos to faceboooook!?
do you guys know how to upload a video to facebook???
How long does it take a picture to upload :|
Showing my mom how to upload photos on Facebook lol
Missing e changed my life, and now you're asking me to turn my back on everything I've ever known? How will I upload gifs? HOW???
Ooh she is soo lucky I don't know how to upload this video of her drunk ass tryna vogue! lol
Bout to upload some freestyles from my mixtape "Change Lanes" due to drop in Janurary had to push it bk per management yu know how that is!
Idk how to upload my pix lmao
How can someone take FIFTY THREE photos of themselves in a new outfit and upload them ALL. Or more to the point: why?!
Someone teach me how to upload pictures to Facebook. So lost.
has worked out how to upload pictures onto here :D lol pretty obvious when looking at my profile..
I wish I knew how to upload a picture from my phone here. Its confoosin me. ;)
I feel like an idiot trying to figure out how to upload a picture. D:
Can Someone Please Help Me And Tell Me How The Freak To Upload A New Chapter in Quizazz
Follow me please haha don't know how to upload this pic hah xxx
Spent most of today working out how to steam good quality with slow upload speed
I recorder my piano version of "We Found Love" I just don't know how to upload it thru YouTube. SOS.
And trying to upload a few complete albums despite them being available in iTunes Store. Wonder how it does the matching?
How long do they take to upload?!? Its got like 6 pictures and a few Jewtube links but hurry up like!
Finally found out how to work instagram .. Time to upload!!!
any idea how to upload photos onto twitter like on facebookk ???
hola my sexy pets =) *giggles* how yall been? i gots pics n video from 2 days to upload will do tonight =)
My 10 min video takes 76 mins to upload to YouTube? How is that possible? *twiddles thumbs*
Idk how to upload pics of him so bare with me y'all
ok i need some help i feel real slow askin this but can anybody tell me how to upload my pics to twitter cuz im freakin lost
You know how to upload videos to faacebook?
Omg how do I upload voice notes to twitter
Can somebody tell me how to upload videos?
So frustrated! I now hv an awesome canon to film & can't figure out how to convert m2ts files so I can upload to YT! grrr!
I forgot how awful Microsoft is at everything... Wanted to upload a calendar to their template site. Way to make it not even worth it.
The internet connection's flow is too slow. How am i supposed to upload all of these pictures? :(
Just figured out how to upload stuff on to twitter soo sorry im in my pj's but it was the only pic that looked ok!!:-)
I wonder how do u jus upload a pic an it dosent have to be yo avi!
Helped Ryan with his sony vegas took an hour but he should be good to upload commentaries now. minus game volume. Idk how to fix tht but
By my calculations as to how long it has taken iTunes Match to upload 265 songs, I'll be lucky to have the full 2225 uploaded by Tuesday!!
kd6cae so how easy was it to upload a video on youtube on the i-phone? android it is a paine in the
How long does it actually take to upload pictures to facebook?! This is taking the absolute mick, if you ask me.....
About to upload this video of me talking and making my music to youtube and show how I do things...
I want to make an audioboo for hailey but idk how to upload it from my phone and my mom won't let me use the computer idk man
Unsure whether to upload my 2011 top products video tonight? How often is too often when posting videos??
Am a new guy on twitter i dont knw how to upload my pix can u gve me some info@xUKBeliebers
Ughhh Idk How To Upload These Pictures Hell O Well
Definitely forgot how to upload videos to YouTube...ugh
I hate how long it takes to render videos, and when that's finally done it takes forever to upload them...
How do I get Facebook to sync with my iPhone? I want to upload pictures
I like how it takes an hour and a half to upload a video, 40 minutes left
omg how do you upload pics to your twitter page?
i hate when people upload pictures of their feet and im forced to look at just how ugly they are.
I may have to post a twitpic here to get more help but of course,  I have a new phone and it is charging up and not sure how to upload yet.
knee has been pesturing me to upload those pictures. that's not going to be for a while seeing how I'm um.. "busy" :p
How do you upload a video to twitter?
Idk how to save my youtube video to my computer to upload it. Someone help me!!!!!!!
Can you tell me how to upload my picture@WowTeenagers
i'll have a new video up tonight, i'm gonna see how the raw file compares to the rendered file and then decide which one to upload.
RT@YourMansAFan: Everyone that got a mic and knos how to upload a song is a fuckin "rapper" now. Yur a joke Get off twitter & get a real job
OMGGGGGG I learned how to upload pics to twitter ! YAY MEEEEEEE :$
Everyone that got a mic and knows how to upload a song is a fuckin "rapper" now. Youre a joke. Get off twitter & get a real job
megancondo21 Just posted up a new picture of Vegas....I just learned how to upload pictures with TwibGOC2W
does anyone know how to upload videos tahhh facebook?
how to upload ss thinggggg.
Anyone know how to make you picture smaller when you try and upload them when it says its to big to upload?
Can't figure out how to upload any more pictures on here! :P hahaha
Can someone tell me how to upload the emojies
Currently on YouTube learning how to tie my hair in a bow  if it comes out good I'll upload pics
Can sum1 tell me how to upload pix on twitter
Need to upload my "Shakalewa" video. Show you common goats how its done
Anyone no how to upload voice recording's on twitter on bb app? Because I recored Sister+Brother singing WMYB.
Does anyone kno how to upload videos to facebook ! Does anyone know how to upload videos to fcebook !
I wanna upload a pic to FB but IDK how to do it on my cell
How do I upload additional pictures to my profile?  I see other users have a Recent Images bar.@Support
I don't even know how to begin to describe the last 72 hours. So instead I shall upload pictures and videos. That should help.
Anyone know how to upload like...a DVD to YouTube?
Upload na ng vid. Discovering how to render a super clear vid. ☺
Somebody says how TO UPLOAD PICTURES on Twitter
How do I upload photos to Lockerz from Twitter ? LOL.
Blackberry should have a way 2 upload videos from ur phone to facebook just how pictures do!
Does anyone how do upload pics to twitter
Im new to twitter. Can anyone tell me how to upload a photo
does anyone know how to upload a video onto twitter?:L
Her party  was soooooo nice! I have more videos than pictures,  just dont know how to upload them  >_<
Anyone know how to upload a music file from a PC to an iphone?!!!!
- i would upload videos of the concert but it looks like I was sooo far up when i was like right there . Lol i dnt noe how to zoom n
Who knows how to upload pics from the Android to pc from the photo gallery?
how do you upload videos to twitter?!
hey do you know how to delete videos on YT ??? LOL >.< its been a long time since i upload and i upload the wrong one! >.<
HURRAH! After 2 years I have worked out how to upload photos from my camera. No applause please just call me Technomum
The fact that I still don't know how to upload my photos to Twitter via mobile device still bothers me :(
Idk how to upload pics from an iPhone. helpmeerG489
how many pictures must u upload to faceboooook damn
i don't know how to upload pictures to twitter... can someone help? hehe :)
Anywho I deleted twicca only to upload it again and I'm tryna get my TL back how I want it -_-
anyone got any ideas on how to stop my twitter from being all weird? it doesnt let me upload my new icon and background image?
Love how the iPhone whistles when you upload a picture to twitter! it's so cooool
Anyone know how to upload gifs to twitter?PLEASE
noonas really know how to make us excited. upload a few photos and disappear. LOL
I think it's kind of weird how every CD I upload to iTunes isn't considered Alternative even when it is. Now, everything's Indie Rock.
still tryna figure out how to upload these videos smdh
I need to figure out how to put music in my videos. I don't have a good enough mic for voice over. Recent upload: epic fail :( *wahh*
can anybody tell me on how to upload pictures here on Twitter? thanks
Hahahahaha i finally know how to download and upload videos!!
15mins to export not too bad lol am wondering how long its going to take to upload might have time for a bit of cleaning kit or xbox??
When people upload pics to untiled album, isn't coz they don't have a name to give, its because they don't know how to change it in new fb
Someone help me.. How do you upload pics to twitter? Not to change profile pic, just to add a random one?:)
"i will learn how to say bon appetit in korean. then ill record it and ill upload it to youtube with pictures i found when googling!!"
Idk how to upload photos
Noo. What i mean is, how to upload gambr? Haha.
Sell your unwanted trade sales on tradethemonTake a free test drive to see how it can help you. If you use other sources upload them now.
How am I supposed to hand this in electronically when the site won't fucking upload the files?
how i wish i could copy and paste that story to the comp and then upload it. thats better
Somebody tell me how to upload my pics from my ipod touchhh
how to upload a profile picture
Make your client’s customer the star of the show. Urge them to upload videos of themselves telling or showing how the product helped them.
will someone mention me & telll me how to upload twitpics lol ?
Anyone know what to do if I can't find a compact flash drive on my Dell Inspiron laptop? How do I upload the pics? Driving myself insane!!
so much pictures to upload... Dont know how to start :))
Hey everyone, can anybody tell me how to upload photos for you to view on twitter or do I just need a link? Thx.
i ust wish i knew how to upload them...
My Mother Want Me To Show How To Upload Pics To Facebook At This Hour....No Shawty
OMFGChance..  .i don't even know how to upload pic's here on twitter, help? (:
Haih~~!!! Really hard even I already do it :( but how to maintain it's size?? :( n npe die xbole upload kt tumblr?? :(
I have no idea how to make a profile pic upload =\
whenever i try to upload a gif... it doesnt let me, so how are you guys doing it:S?
i wonder how much of my life i have sat beside a computer waiting for it to upload/download/complete some task. waiting, waiting, waiting
About to upload this "how to roll a blunt" video
Someone please tell me how u upload a video to twitter ?
Does Anyone Kno How To Upload Videos To Facebook? Ctfu
Aww, I have 5 instagram followers. I have no idea how to find people on there. lol I just upload pics. But I'll figure it out. :-)
So I googled how to upload photos on the Instaroid app and It doesnt support the upload API. WHO MADE UP THIS FUCKERY
WTF THIS IS SO FUC KING CONFUSING. HOW THE FUCK DO YOU UPLOAD TO INSTAGRAM ON ANDROID. I'M FUCKING CONFUSED AF
When I get a chance to make a YouTube account, I will upload it and let you guys know ;) how does that sound? I am so proud of it!
- how do youu upload a picture to Twitter from an Android phone ?
Do anybody kno how to upload videos to face book
.so chelsea dnt kno how to upload piks slow self
waiting for my videos to upload... then i will share them all with you. you will see just how much of a dork i am- yes, i am laughing in
Oh, how I love the way if a show ends, or gets canceled, people always upload the episodes of the show to youtube. Recently got addicted to
I done showed these hoes how to upload pictures to twitter & they forcing it lmaooo
I have to figure out how to upload a 230GB gameplay... ut oh.
“@PrettyAs_KayyB: About to upload this video if I can figure out how to do it”bout time..
About to upload this video if I can figure out how to do it
You know how to upload videos to Facebook
Damn I wonder how long it takes for twitter to upload my picture on my app
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO UPLOAD A VIDEO FROM THEIR IPHONE. (IF POSSIBLE)???
How do I upload don't to photoshop? I forgot.. Someone tell me.
how to upload pics??
Anyone know how to upload videos tooooooo Facebook
Do you know how to upload videos to MySpace?
All I kno how to do on Instagram is upload and like how can I find people and follow them?
Well how you upload stuff to tumblr
idk how to upload fricking screen shots >__<
Idk how to upload pics off my phone :/
HOW DO I UPLOAD PICTURES FROM MY CAMERA TO MY COMPUTER TO MY IPOD?!?! WTF?!?!
how long does it take to start the upload -___-
Do you know how to upload videos to facebook *Echos* Do you know to upload videos to facebook
Those who have used iTunes match, how long should I expect it to take for my 60 GB library to match/upload?
Do you guys know how to upload videos to Facebook??? . .(Do you guys know how to upload videos to Facebook???)
It really pisses me off when my mom calls me to upload pictures for her on facebook.   -_- its the fact that I've shown u like 50+ times how
I just made a video on how to roll a blunt. gonna upload it soon
Figured out how to upload pics onto Twitta from me phone. Yeah buddy!
I'm mad that I don't know how to upload these pics smh
Can someone explain how to upload snap shops to twitter???
My aunt just got a fb and she is so excited.... I taught her how to upload pics and she was besides herself lol...
do you no how to upload videos to facebook lol that commercial been coming on all dayy
I like how during commericals my ipod actually gets a chance to upload all the tweets && statuses about the knick& laker game
Ako lang and papa.. Chinu-tutor ko siya on how to upload pictures on facebook. Ang sweet lang.... XD
so the new camera i got for christmas..is givin me hell to upload this video..IDK How to work this thing.!!!
recored all dae finally kbow how to upload the vids on the computerr...#swagg cant wait to get homee
I know the world is supposed to end next year BUT my mom figured out how to upload pictures to Facebook this year.
ok so idk how to upload pictures to twitter from ma fone n im mad :^(( i have sum really cute picz i wANTED TO SHare wit yu guys DARN!!!
If anyone here has a Canon Powershot A1200 camera could they please tell me how to upload videos with jumpcuts. Thanks.
Does anyone know how to upload clips from mw3 vault to YouTube? Please tell me if you know. Thanks
I was typing "upload" & turned out to be "uploaf" look how hungry I am hahaha
Im having trouble with datpiff.,com .. anyone know how to upload a mixtape?
Sumbody tell me how to upload a pic from my tablet lol I'm slow af.
does anyyone know how to upload a picture on hereif you do can you tell me. Thanks
How long it takes to upload videos to Facebook <<<<<< Now I remember why I haven't done it lol
How do I upload a picture from my bb to twitter ??????
can someone teach us how to add a bandpage on here so we can upload songs?
How Do Yew Upload Videos To Twitter Anyways?
How can I convert a song into mp3 format, so I can upload it to tumblr?
Does anybody know how to upload videos to face book. ( in my Verizon man voice)
Does ANYONE know how to send pictures to twitter from your phone. I don't have a smartphone so don't tell me I can directly upload them.
Aww my nephew is soo cutee i want to upload pics of him but i dont know how to sumone tell me how to upload of ur phonee
Becca tried to hide from me and she got stuck behind the couch. If I knew how to upload pictures there would be one!!!!!!!
Can someone tell me how to change a video from a camtasio studio video to a video you can watch  and i can upload to YouTube
im such a grandma i dont even know how to upload pictures onto this thing,.. i hate twiter AH MI GAD
dont know how to upload photos on here lol i feel dumb..again.
aboutelectronics says I'm trying to upload this video to Youtube but the file size is too big. How can I resize ... /p/f65cky
Do u guys know how to upload videos to facebook?
Well I know how to edit and upload HD now! Film, save, convert, edit, export, wait 100 + minutes to upload HD. The things I do for YouTube!
Hate it how people use 'cuz I was bored' as an excuse to upload pictures of themselves ...umm cool Boardem buster ...
How can I upload a song that's on my iPhone to twitter??
wow my friend TAKES SO LONG TO UPLOAD PICS FROM A PARTY JFC I NEED TO SHOW THE WORLD OF FB HOW HOT I LOOKED
does anybody know how to upload a pic on to your twitter account
im sorry i couldnt figure out how to upload ;_;
Do you guys know how to upload videos to Facebook? *flips phone around* Do you guys know how to uplorCk
How you can upload a pic and da caption is like plz???you have to put like it pretty please:$
I hate how easy it is for niggas to make/upload music
SOMEONE WHO HAS A MAC AND KNOWS HOW TO UPLOAD IN HD HELP LOL... <3
Can some1 plz tell me how do they do Gifs I really badly want to know how to do them & upload them, plz I will give u a shoutout if u help
Videos How to Upload Ajax, HTML, JSP Files, Video Stuff 97893
uhm i needa learn how to upload photos from my computer to twitter
Also, the tutorial video on how to speed up your pc is still progress. I will upload the video as soon as I can. :)
To tweet out about how many views you need/videos you have to upload to make enough money is in suchfIDNY
Anybody know how to upload videos to facebook?
U know how to upload pictures to Facebook? U know how to upload pictures to Facebook ?
IF ANY OF YOU HAVE A MAC AND KNOW HOW TO UPLOAD TO YOUTUBE IN HD HELP!!!!
Can't figure out how to upload this pic...
You guys know how to upload videos to... Facebook? Lol i love that commercial!
If you upload a picture with a caption of "I guess this is how I'm going today, ugly". Then why bother putting it up for the public to see?
cool how it says its gunna take 82 mins to upload this video -____-
You Guys Know How To Upload Ah Video To FACEBOOK Ctfuppp
Can't figure out how to upload photo. Must remedy this, or people might think I'm an egg.
Idk how to upload a pic to twitter... i dont care either
You guys know how to upload videos to facebook!?
how do you upload a photo to this?
Ugh how could you get engaged to someone who doesn't even know how to upload Facebook photos so the captions aren't "img_061"?!
Someone on a dating site messages me saying "how do I upload pics? I look good and watch to show everyone!" lol
finally figured out how to upload a photo am really not good at this! haha!
You know how to...upload videos to Facebook
Dear Windows Phone, how can I download multiple images off of your phone? I don't want to upload them all to Facebook.
Can someone help please?! I have no idea how to use this?! How do I upload pics??!
Lol man I don't know how to upload my picture 4rm my fone help me out android ppl!!!
i hate apple computer because i don't kno how to upload photos.
Haha i've only just realised how to upload a pic so that makes me well hard :p
Man we got a fye ass video an dnt nun of our slow asses kno how to upload da shxt !
Haha I don't even need a video link - she's got a whole news article. Please tell me how you 'accidentally' upload naked photos to FB?
I wish I knew how to upload videos from my phone. All these Just Dance ones from last night need to be seen somewhere.
who know how to upload music to youtube, this shit is hard af, and im gettin' angry!
how the bloody hell do you upload pictures to twitter?
Do you guys know how to upload videos ta.... Facebook?
It's annoying how I have so many pictures of the boys playing golf and can't upload them to facebook.
I feel so stupid but how do you upload pictures to Twitter
For those of you who didn't get me though. Ama try to upload a picture of it. To show u guys how i looks like ;)
It's almost 2012, please learn how to use file upload services. That is all.
((I have it as a .wav but I don't know how to upload it…))
I dont know how to upload a pic without making it my avi
i never upload photos to twitter. this is how bored i am.
“@LA_GetBuckets: "You Guys Know How To Upload Videos To FACEEEbook" Lmboo !” LMFAO!!!!
"You Guys Know How To Upload Videos To FACEEEbook" Lmboo !
How do u upload a profile picture? HELP and follow me I'm new to this!
how do u upload pics from mobile? i cant get it to work!!! anybody know???
How do I change a jpeg photo to something I can post as my profile pic on twitter? Keeps refusing any photo I try to upload.
I hate how slow ameba is when u try to upload photos
I love how my teacher give me so many assignments to do over break yet they don't upload half the crap I have to do until last minute
seeing as how this next file will take about 30-45 minutes to upload, I'm gonna go play some video games.
alright. thats cool. just upload pictures of mmyyy boyfriend to facebook. lets see how this goes down..
How do I upload videos to Twitter?
Someone direct msg me iam bored as hell and tell me how to upload picss plllzz offf phonee
Someone tell me how to upload photos plzz ??  First time on the phonee twitterr you see
I still havent learned how to Upload pictures to Twitter ... lol
Trying to figure out how to upload pictures to twitter (recent snow views), I did this instead, wall-papered my profile page (I think)!
how youtube gon pay a nigga to upload vids on they site and then take it away cuz i made too much money within the first week
How do u upload a video to twitter ?
I know how to dance but I won't upload no damn video, I'm good off that. Just catch me at a club/party!
However, choosing upload all iTunes to G Music - may actually take about 3 days seeing how many tunes I've got. OY!
Can someone tell me how to upload photos?? LOL.
How do I upload a GIF to tumblr..?
Plzz somebody can tell me how to upload photos? Thank u! :)
iMovie says that I can't upload a video over 10 minutes...even though I can, does anyone know how to change that? :)
Nooooo! Internet why won't you upload new episodes?! How am I supposed to catch up with David if you sabbotage me! D:
- Some 1 Tell Me How To Upload A Photo To Twitterr Off Of A Mobile iPhone .!!
Ion like how ladies feel they have to upload naked or very revealing pics on the internet.
Do you know how to upload videos to facebook , do you know how to upload videos to facebook !
btw a dea kin how to upload photos on this.. somebody help me?
I still dnt kno how to upload pic on here
Checking out new house ahh if I figure out how to upload pics I will
Once I can figure out how to upload a pic, I can get rid of the 'egghead'!
You know how to upload videos to facebook lol
The temptation to upload a picture of myself wearing practically nothing to show some girls how they really look
'for my tumblr' well how about you upload it to fucking tumblr then?
how do I add ticker?: I went to ticker factory and designed a ticker, but don't know where to upload it. Can you please help?
Just need to work out how to upload data to PC
Anyone familar with php files and how to upload them into wordpress?!
How do you upload pics to twitter ?
Giving my parents a lesson on how to upload pictures on facebook. They're even writing down the steps....
I taught my niece dog how to pop her booty all i say is shake alot shake alot shake alot and she getting off upload coming soon lol
does anyone know how to upload a video from sony vegas to youtube?
Lunch was AMAZING...wish I knew how to upload this picture for you all to see :) lol
Im dumb I dnt kno how to upload pics on here .Shame
I wonder if I can upload some pictures on here...hell all I know how to do is tweet and I barely know how to do that...lol
gosshh how long does it take to upload a photo hdsuifhewuiry89q3412%£^ !"£ .`
someone doesn't randomly know how i can get my upload script to upload .rar and .zip files?
1. Make tool so client can upload videos on their site. 2. Show client how to use tool. 3. End up doing the upload for them each time anyhow
lmaooo yall HAVE to go watch our crazy videos,.... notice how I didnt upload mine :) lol
Time to be creative Pasha's Lovers! We know you love Pasha's but now we want you to "SHOW US HOW YOU EAT IT!" Upload a picture of...
Don't Koe how to upload this pik frm the iPad
going for a nerdy look today i wish i knew how to upload pic to twitpic
Omg yayyyy! Figured out how to upload the videos (:
How can i upload vids from phone to twitter? Help!
I hate how my phone can't upload pictures to Facebook since I've updated it. ~_~
Do you guys know how to upload videos to.....Facebook?CTFU!!
I'm to lazy to upload that picture. how about next morning ? sorry for that ^^
i've learned so much for one person though.. i'm surprised. i didn't even know how to upload a video to youtube or mix a song 2 years ago
Does anyone know how to get an animated photo as a twitter background? Every time I upload a GIF it says "your image cannot be animated" :/
Best i could do with a demo software app haha trying to work out how to make a video so i can upload it haha
Making TWERKIN' Videos . Lol . Too Bad ii Don't Know How To Upload Em .
I've lost my camera box which means i cant find the lead so i cant upload my pictures from camera to computer....how annoying!!
how do u upload pic to this thing??
If you've noticed, I haven't uploaded in a while. Basically my laptop wouldn't connect to the internet and that's how I upload, by luck...
If u gotta keep tweet bout how much money u get in tweet bout wat u bought or wear UPLOAD PICS  U AINT USE TO SHIT
Ok!! We are both running new phones as soon as we figure out how to upload vids we will lol sorry guess
How do certain people find the time and effort to upload a new photo on facebook everyday?
I wish I knew how to upload the YouTube video.... I be in tears everytime I watch it... Hilarious
How to upload photo to facebook from android?
Don't even know how to upload a photo :(
This mf just asked me how do you upload pics to facebook -______________- smh, wtf
Anyone know how to upload pics on here??? :S
How are you going to record the TV and upload it though? I'm dying rn.
how to upload pictures?!?!
On the blackberry haven't still got a clue how to work this lol and I dno how to upload photos :(!!
OKAY CAN  . GIMME 3 DAYS TO LEARN HOW TO DANCE STEP KKK THEN I'LL UPLOAD LOL
Lol me too I dont know how to upload more pics them just my profile pic
Going to upload some more photos of me now that I have editied a few more he he. How are you all today? My ankle sore after work.
Having some equipment trouble, but I'll upload a few raps when I get it all working. First I gotta learn how to use this stuff tho.
Soo I am clueless as to how I upload my pictures??
HOW THE HELL CAN IT TAKE 1352 MINUTES TO UPLOAD A 30 SECOND CLIP ONTO YOUTUBE!!!
now if i could just figure out how to upload pictures......
Finally had the courage to start recording some cover songs to upload them to youtube. Let's see how this goes!
Injection so pain... Btw anyone know how to upload pic?? I want do another pedo one WINK WINK >:)
Can't figure out how to upload a photo!? Lol
walaowei! No internet connection. How to upload the pics and videos???
There has gotta be a limit to how many pictures of your children you are allowed to upload to FaceBook. C'mon people.
HOW ARE U ONLY GOING TO UPLOAD 8 SECONDS OF A FUCKING STAGE? NO! DNW ;_;
hate how you can't upload photo albums to twitter!
man. if u dnt kno how to upload a picture from ur iphone to ur computer... jst kill urself. cuz life is a lot harder than dat. trust me.
omg how hard is it to upload the FULL stage
Why n how did all these twitter pics upload to my computer
Lol. Girl photographers. Buy $1000 camera, dont know how to upload pics.
man i have no clue how to upload pictures to twitter !YX1I
Oh please love I didn't realise you changed how you look 4 times a day everyday enough to upload more pictures to Facebook bore of you slag!
i don't understand how people have the nerve to take photos of themselves whilst people are in the same room & then upload the photo to fb
I CREATED TWITTER & IDK HOW TO USE & HAVEN'T UPLOAD PICTURE ON TIWTTER. GOD!! WHY MUST TWITTER BE SO HARD TO USE WHEN YOU ARE NEW TO IT???
how to do the asknlearn? must upload what? no nid right?
Backtrack. I can upload to FB but the vid is not for everyone. Just my sibs. How do I upload straight to FB email?
can't figure out how to upload photos
I'm new to twitter how do u upload photos to your profile? Someone help me please thank u.
I do not knw how to upload a flick to my twitter smfh back to sleep I go......
"@Princess_Mwamba: You guys know how to post video to Facebook.... You guys know how to post videos to facebook. Lol" upload lol
Um, how do upload a photo...so .New to this.
Wow, i remembered how i made tutorials on how to upload images using imageshack kkkk
How to Upload Android OS to a Phone - Android is the name of a mobile operating system developed by Google, Inc. If you are...
can anyone tel me how to upload pics in tweeter,i can only change d dp,but unable to add more oics:(
Can someone tell me how to upload a photo on here
“@ZeeThickFine: I started to upload our fight on here but ion kno how to delete it after a few hours .”just like you delete a tweet
So nobody knows how to upload a picture from the computer without making it a default.. cool.
I started to upload our fight on here but ion kno how to delete it after a few hours .
Hello folks. Since this group is dead i change my mind, i won't upload a freebie~ LOL. I even don't know how to edit anymore. -- Garde.
about to sing, butt idk how to upload it on to here when im finished.
“@Akida1234: U guys know how to upload videos to facebook”lmao
U guys know how to upload videos to facebook
since im a dumbass that doesnt know how to use twitter, imma bout to upload a shitload of old pics to add to a gallery that ion think i have
How am I supposed to upload photos .Gahhhh!!!!!
I give up on trying to upload this video about how much I need to read and you know, like, read.
can anyone teach me how to upload pictures? I appreciate those who help me =)
Don't know how to upload a picture yet. Off to a good start :)
gonna upload my drawing of The Rev, any help on how to..? (stupid question)
"do yu guys know how to upload videos to facebook" I love tht part of that commercial, I say it every time. lol
I badly want to upload a screenshot of your text to show people how you revealed yourself as an enemy. :( But that's so immature.
TIPPY WIPPY IS STILL FIGURING OUT HOW TO UPLOAD A VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
doussydeej make a gif, google how to do it! Then download it, and upload it as your picture!B8usX
Wide awake now cuz my dad called me n woke me up to ask me how to upload photos from his phone to facebook
anyone know how to upload a song from your itunes to garage band??? can it be done?
umm.. how do you upload pictures to twitter from your phone?
It gets real annoying when all the adults ask the teenagers to upload pictures or teach them how to use Facebook.
my mind dh terlalu kusut!almost everyday thinking how's to upload pict from my mobile .. urggghh !
How to upload 750mb with my lousy Internet?!? It took me 6 hrs to upload 35%!!!
The instructions for how to upload a video seem terribly convoluted and unnecessarily difficult. Another time, perhaps.
Do u know how to upload videos to Facebook ,do u know how to upload videos to facebook
someone want to tell me how to upload pics on this
How do you upload pics from your laptop to twitter ....?
dos anyone know how to upload vidpa to facebook ? <<<<why the black guy has to be late with technology ? >.<
I know how to use tumblr but chelsea still aint show me how to upload a profile picture for that but other than that..
If u wana c funny clips I'm going to try to upload as many as I can I just need to figure out how to use moby
how to upload music?
Damn, its too big to send to meaghan so ima upload it just how it is.. Dark & all. Its only the first round.
okay i am going to sound like a total idiot but i wash brain wash by Naya how the hell do i upload pics to twitter???????? lol
Dang man idk how to upload our pics on android (Americus ) !!
how about i not upload anymore pictures to anything since everybody got something to say about them
How come when I upload picture on Twitter they don't go to Lockerz?
"Do you guys know how to upload videos to facebook?"
Do you guys know how to upload videos to facebook?
if i knew how to get this computer's camera to work i would upload a pic of Peed slumped in the chair lmao
Did anyone upload on YouTube a ' how to play -song name- on guitar ' ? LOLOL
People using iTunes Match: how many of your songs did it match? It wants to upload like two-thirds of my library, >5k songs.
dunno how to upload some RT pics. Wtf
The worst thing I learned on this phone was how to upload pictures lol NOBODY IS SAFE
I got a video I just don't know how to upload it !!! Helpppp !!
lol I wan't to troll so bad, how fat do you have to be to get so excited about food that you take a picture and upload it on facebook
Outdoors photo session in the morning. .How to upload pictures to twitter? Anyone?
This video my son recording in November about how he loves his parents. I have to upload I just found it
Confession 9: I HATE how youtube takes 3 hours to upload a 5 minute video.
Whenever people upload pictures of themselves I always look at their bedroom to judge how untidy they are.
Some of y'all needa learn how to match in these pictures y'all upload .. -_-
i need to learn how to upload fuxkn pics from this dumb ass phone ¡¡¡¡ smh
USB CABLE, WHERE ARE YUUUUU I NEED TO UPLOAD THEM BEFORE NEW YEAR!!!!
Ahem. Disregard my last tweet. Realised that there'll be a period in January where I won't be able to upload at all, haha.
Decided that if I was to ever join a group channel, it'd have to be where I can upload anything at anytime. No rules, just videos. Variety.
Where should I tell my friend to upload his mixtape? Datpiff? LiveMixtapes? Coast2CoastMixtapes? I dunno....
All City!  Where are the pictures I asked you to take with your Smartphones?  Upload them when you have a chance.
yo internet, where can i upload a drum kit for you guys to indulge in?
trying to upload a small graphic novel i recently finished for free download, the problem is idk where to upload it other than tumblr? help?
I need lots of people to follow it as it will be where I upload everything to. Music. YouTube videos. Ect. :-)
Where's the easiest place to upload photos for your blog? Flickr na ba?
I don't want to go out where I'm supposed to be having fun only to fake a smile so you can upload it to the internet.
I cut a fanvideo last night I just don't know where to upload?!
I need Unknowncarrot to upload all gayo's video lol. Where are you? Still remain unknown ?? >.<
Flickr. I miss flickr. I want to upload some photos. Where to upload them? Flickr. To make a new account or not? I don't know. I'm confused.
I really want to upload this game where I get 86 kills in only 7 minutes but my throat is killing me :(
OMG, HE LIKES A PAGE CALLED KISS JUSTIN WHERE YOU UPLOAD PICTURES OF YOU TO FAKE KISS HIM. NICE JUSTIN
if they like that 30 second or a minute they hear they will keep listening, also make it accessible, upload to a site like limelinx where
Am I in a weird universe where movies are real and characters upload videos to youtube?
Where's the best site to upload an audio file to, where I can send a private link to people so they can hear it.
Would anyone care to make a reccomendation where I can upload pics in a gallery format?
Working on trying to upload 'Where You Goin' and a new version of 'A Special Friend'.   It's kind of a country pop range for both of them.
This is ridicules I'm giving this video 5 minutes to upload its self and then I'm turning this shit off and going out somewhere any where.
Want to know where to go hunting, upload trophies, invite friends and outfitters to your personal space to share experiences...coming soon
i want to watch mir's rap cut video before going to sleep...but where's the link ..no one upload?
where to upload :C
i want to know where should i upload the print screen
I'm telling ya'll to go like Azanni iman J photography, bc thats where i upload the pics for the public to see!
For reals though. Where the hell did my camera cord run off to! I wanna upload photos !!! :(
i have a video from last year where kevin is singing fly with me and you can actually hear him.. i should upload it to youtube sometimes :D
got tons to upload && I don't know where to start.
.........Wait. THAT'S where all my bandwidth disappeared to. Google Music is trying to upload like 430 tracks (of a single album).
Someone pls cut the part where Dhanush says "only inglis" in Kolaveri and upload it on youtube so we can send it to Tams who tweet in Tamil.
i wonder where the hell i left my cable.....i really want to upload some pictures to my computer.
Lmaooo Kadil Got To Upload The Ugg's We Saw , Them Joint's Where Leaning Like Shit
Look at the time! Gosh where does the time go? One needs a drink. Manservant Bill ding dong upload the bong. off to slip into evening wear.
Do yall kno a WEBSiTE where i can upload my CD and yall can dowload it to yalls Phones ???? Any Help
Found a website where you can upload pics of 2 people and see what your baby'll look like, I just had to do it lol
I need some where to upload my music
Why does every website where u can upload pictures to share turn into girls posting self pics for attention? Oh yeah, cuz they're girls
Im going to upload this 27-1 with a 24 gun killstreak TDM where i get dogs called in on me and i lose. Never trust the green triangles men!
Going to upload episode 22+23 today since I fell behind from where i wanted to be : / hope u guys dont mind a messed up upload schedule :)
how do i change my main pic?? where do i upload pics to? im lost
Lls I got spam in my mentions now tellin me where to upload my songs to lmao
Where NaRichie At... i got the most embarrasing piture of him.. cant wait to upload it
For some odd reason I find that commercial where the guys like "you know how to upload a video to Facebook" & they do it instantly so funny
“@Syn_LADYHUSTLER: Bout to get dressed will upload pics soon”WHERE U GOIN BOO
Where can i upload or send my music to be heard besides soundclick..?!
Me: (Playing with a $1200 camera) ."Where's the Upload to Facebook button on this thing??!!" .@MatthewKnippa : LMFAO
She got a fake facebook account where she upload next to nude pictures of mostly other girls. And she uses that to lure, like a bait on prey
Making some NSFW icons & have no idea where to upload them besides my userpics. Whoops. >_>;;
I wish there was a website/program where I could upload what clothes I have and a picture of me and dress myself to see what it'll look like
Photoshop and Lightroom should have this rule where you're not allowed to upload photos if they're crap.
lmfao im about to upload these pictures i found on myspace where i had my shirt off lookin like i was in pretty ricky singing group lmao
It took me 2h to upload my file to my server from where I am, but only milliseconds to delete it by mistake. Fuck.
i have some new  candids to upload but i don't know where it was taken :/
where do you save a ASV video so you can upload it to youtube? please x
Where's the best site to upload a Track for Download....
Trying to think of some kind of appropriate release date for Pokemon Emerald, since there'll be a week where I won't be able to upload.
im gonna make a youtube channel, where i can upload me singing in video any ideas of what songs i should do? DM me or just reply to me. thx
But I have caught up to where i left off the week b4 last & now am ready to record & upload a video. I am no longer behind!
Now that I have a camera, I'm too lazy to upload pics.. I'm sticking to my phone where i just hit send and I'm good>.<
Too many photos to upload. Where do I start? Katamad.
That moment where you realize you've shot more videos than you care to upload :)
Just wish I knew where the chord was to upload damn pictures from my cameraaa :(
Where to upload this one?!!! YT sucks! Daily Motion Grrrrrr!
i really hope fb comes back and its good like last year. I HAVE A NEW CAMERA WHERE THE FUCK AM I SUPPOST TO UPLOAD PICTURES.
That moment where you upload a photo or status on Facebook and you pry for more than your mom to like it.
I want a RealRelationship! Not one where i have to upload pics & statuses to prove something to these hoes. But one wher Everyone jus knows
fairplay to the people who upload shit loads of music related videos to youtube, youtubes where its at to get spotted nowadays!
I have no idea where the cord is to upload my pictures on to my computer
Remember the scene in Mission: Impossible where they're trying to upload a file on the train? Yep. That's me, right now. Minus a helicopter.
Im going to go watch some tv now but please tweet me a link to where I could upload a video to twitter besides twitpic and twitvideo
There needs to be a site where you can upload a full-body photo of yourself and virtually try on clothes... or does it already exist?
Im bout to upload sum pixx SINCE I CANT GO NO FUCKIN WHERE!
got a shit load of pictures to upload onto facebook but theres no wifi where I am gotta wait til I get back home
Now He Wanna Upload Pictures He Dont Even Update His Statuses He Need To Sit Tf Down Some Where
Somebody needs to invent a photography social networking site where you can upload and share albums.
Having a slight dilemma. I want to upload photos but then I don't know where to upload it on or if I really want to.
In middle school before people knew where to download music, I use to sell cd's for $5 and upload iPods for $8.
Got the holy iPhone 4S. So far under impressed. Where is the upload to facebook button? And the punctuation on the keyboard?
Can someone tell me where I can upload video to send to someone FAST? ARGH
gaaah a whole new ipod to upload before tomorrow help me help me WHERE IS MY HASHTAG
I was able to record an mp3 of Tareq Ramadan's lecture, if anyone knows where I can upload it from my iPhone let me know
Nene need to upload a full body pic,tired of just seein pics of her umm where is Layla ???
Don't know where the photo of my beats went, so had to upload it again!! Urgh
Where Else Can You Upload And Resize Pictures , Lookin For A Great Excuse To Deactivate My FB
HD video of my mother freaking out while playing Angry Birds on her new Ipad where to upload
its time to upload some pic!!! *oh gosh.. where should i start from.. pics before last sem also haven upload and now new sem coming edi" >.<
Back from cycling a bit. Going to upload a YouTube vid on how empty the streets was where I live. Let me tell you, its so empty.
It's that time of the year where people upload photos of presents and their dinner for the whole world to be envious of
Well, actually I'm so tired today but I'm waiting friend of mine to upload our pictures. But where she is?
Uploading our pictures. But not everything. Decided to only upload the pictures where I can see my face and where I have a decent look. Lol
What I hate about taking a lot of pictures is the part where I have to upload them all. :-|
Probably upload a picture of my Where's Wally shirt. I'll give you a hint as to where Wally is: He's on my shirt.
where i go to upload the video doe
Yeah !! Finally there is app 4 ipad where there is emotions to type  !! If u r using ipad , upload this app for emotions :'emoji' .
Thank God for Google Music!!!! Now i can upload all my music and be able to listen to it where ever i go!!!
Where can I upload pictures to so that I can post the link on Twitter?
“@__Autumnn: Twitter Should Have A REAL Hair Day. Where Everyone Has To Upload A Picture Of Them Wearing Their REAL Hair”
Twitter Should Have A REAL Hair Day. Where Everyone Has To Upload A Picture Of Them Wearing Their REAL Hair
One more thing: With this new fb does anybody kno how to upload pics to albums other than mobile uploads? I cant find where to change it.
i got four print screens of them trending. i need to upload hem some where!
Mixing a tune down in my car then going some where to upload it lol. Prob Subway.
I upload pics to fb almost everyday... that's where I store pics cause I barely have memory in my phone :-)
Making a cover of Where are you Christmas. I'm hoping that I'll be able to upload it in time! If not, it will up some day! :D
it takes so god damn long just to upload a vid at home. & i'm annoyed that it aborted last night & it's not going back to where it left off
I want to upload the pictures, but where's the adapter?! fuck lahh
Since I've beeen tweeting where I'm at, I've taken pictures for ya'll to see^^ I'll upload when there's wi-fi :D
I dont like facebook to add my location when I upload photos via mobile. I dont like people to know where's my location! :@@@@@!
Where is tevin...he need to send me these pictures so i could upload them
Please upload the fancam where Yoseob rapped okay , I need to watch it no matter what <3
Just had a major moment where I felt the need to upload loads of random photos to document my life:)
so justin had to upload that twitvid ? LOL where is it ?
But this is going to take forever to upload.  I miss my old internet where everything uploaded in under 37 minutes.
Where can I download music from to upload to my iPod?
anyone knows where to go to upload pics on twitter but on your phone
got someone to make me a website where i will upload all my videos and recordings. thanks Matt Shilling!
Christmas day: the day where people upload shit loads of photos to boast about what presents they got
An app where you upload a photo to find out if you need to go to the hospital.
ANITA DICKISH, WHERE YOU AT?!?! I'm waiting for you to upload the video
Dream 3: complicated tech dream where I upload someone's personal sexy time video to youtube as some
Louis' birthday is in couple of hours where i live BUT i'm gonna upload a icon picture of Louis anyways, just to let you guys know!  ^_^
