Smh Soooo I don't have a hangover but I feel stupid.....I kno yall prolly don't get it.....but lemme get it togetha
I feel like a stupid person,playing with ur stupid guessing game...oh ya,fyi,i've deleted ur no. before u call me..
It has triangles in it, don't feel as stupid now I can name/know what something is in it
I would rather have you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid.
I feel stupid as hell w/ out my glasses on
Y SINN ME THO Y NOT JUST TELL ME HOW IT REALLY IS I FEEL SUPER STUPID CAUSE I BROUGHT U SOMETHING AND U JUST CUT ME OFF OUTTA NOWHERE
I feel like imma do something stupid today - but fun
Love and Hip Hop, and the little bit of Basketball Wives I've been able to ingest just make me feel stupid and sad.
New Years Resolutions Are stupid....when ever I feel inspired to start fresh....I do
I'm gonna need to watch some comedy show to calm me down. Feel like throwing the things around me, but that's, stupid and immature lol
Called me n when i asked who are you,n u asked me to guess...seriously,to you maybe its funny..but to me,i feel stupid
Yeah stop making me feel like I'm stupid okay please stop.
Now I feel stupid..
I shuda jes kept quiet....i feel stupid bt i aint....
.@Dodg3m im defending the manager against the fans and i have been for the last few weeks....now feel stupid and shut the fuck up -_-
Sometimes I feel I'm so stupid
I bet she feel stupid.
Boy do I look stupid, saying man u would win. When infact they were too shit too. I feel embarassed, and absolutely delighted, now.
i hate it when someone makes you feel so small and stupid
omg mblaq performance. i feel so bad. the starting itself. stupid mic. you should look at their faces!
I feel so stupid.. Keep saying the same things..
I hate when I say something and they don't hear me, so I feel stupid if I repeat myself, but rude if I don't.
All those man u fans laughing at Liverpool for drawing with Blackburn last week, I bet you feel stupid now!
So happy for Steve Kean, but I hope all those Blackburn fans feel stupid now.
feel like banging my head every time I thought of how stupid i was to let go that chance argh.. BANG WALLL !!!!
I'm happy for Steve Kean, bet the fans feel stupid now
I bet all you United fans feel really stupid now for mocking Arsenal after our loss to Blackburn. Whats worse is you guys lost at home! :L
had a dream a big ass roach was fena crawl on me, i jumped up out my sleep so mafuckin fast i feel stupid af llab
I bet I look stupid right now...well I feel stupid anyways
Like freal just come the fuck clean damn. . .I'm not stupid you not gonna fool me and make me feel retarded *rolls eyes and flips hair*
Sometimes ,i feel troller is just a stupid,completely a lifeless or maybe dont have good things to do .no offence .but u're poor thing.
Well I bet Blackburn fans feel stupid now don't they?!?!?!
With the lights out it's less dangerous, here we are now entertain us, i feel stupid and contagious, Here we are now entertain us
Sometime I feel like jumping out a window when people say stupid stuff. I just don't wanna go on idk
I feel stupid when I say "maaf link-nya kebanyakan gw lupa yg mana" but everyone always answered LOL!
I feel like going on a swearing rampage at my stupid phone. I don't swear so I will just kick it around. *huffs angrily*
2012 is going to new some shit I can feel it now just more stupid ppl doing stupid shit
I hate that I feel like this , something told me to stay away from you ike , now I know why .. stupid Jasmyne again .. smh.!
I feel unloved, ugly, stupid, and selfish. Tweet me if you disagree. ( Watch me get no tweets)
I feel stupid now.. I thought the uga app was due jan 1, but really it's jan 15
See this is exactly why I'm not a early person. I just feel like everyone is acting stupid.
Stupid fucking fuck. Nihilism 2012. Because apparently its the only thing I'm allowed to feel.
“@IMMEJAZZI lmao if it makes I feel good to lie Ho ahead u goin to hell.. smh no balls n u can't tell the truth”<~ read what u tweet STUPID
I wanna get a new debit card and Hong Leong has a Hello Kitty one! But I feel stupid for choosing HL over Maybank just cus of tht ... -_-
It didn't feel like Christmas, it doesn't feel like new years eve... It's the stupid weather I'm telling you!
When people ask stupid question, I feel obligated to give sarcastic answers.
how stupid I feel <
I feel like you stupid! Don't talk to me! I'm cracking up ...
... and now i just feel stupid
I hate when ppl try to make you feel stupid for being yourself
looking back i feel stupid doing something like that to you.
I always feel really stupid when I wake up late like this
why do i feel bad when I should've hash-tagged something that I didn't? Twitter is giving me new stupid shit to stress about
Just learned how to resize the typing window in Wordpress.  Gosh do I feel stupid.
I feel like a complete NIGGA rite now listening to plies...  . .But this shit goes stupid HARD!!!
I never know if someone's being sarcastic or not, makes me feel so stupid.
Spongebob makes me feel so stupid when I watch it. But I love it.
I feel stupid sometimes for doing bad things to people.
I slyly feel sorry for steve kean. His players don't want to win they do stupid shit
I wanna take my mom shoppn. She wants this stupid hat for $85 -_-  ill jus say its her late Bday present so it won't feel so ridiculous Lol
My computer isn't working i feel lost i need to be here to catch some strenght,altough i've been failing so much,stupid bitch
I feel stupid for buying this ring
I feel like wanting to do something stupid... such as creating a fanpage for Joel... :D
I feel stupid eating jelly as new year cake!
Right now I just feel so stupid because it's the third time
When you love someone, you just don't treat them bad, oh how I feel so sad. -_- stupid song stuck in my head
I just woke up and I feel like I'm going to cry...wtf..stupid dream..
Mannnn I deleted that tweet and she freaking RT'd it so its still there, I feel stupid af.
I feel a little stupid streaming something that is so laggy that i cant even see a thing. LOL.
I feel so stupid when I text u and u dont text back.
Oh yes ^^. All I needed as a stupid belt. But still doesn't feel right. Oh, what the heck, clothes only.
john  Like i said 'Stress free is how i plan on living out 2012, feel sorry for whoever is stupid enuf to try and fuck that up.'...  waters
Like i said 'Stress free is how i plan on living out 2012, feel sorry for whoever is stupid enuf to try and fuck that up.' REMEMBER THIS!
All The Stupid Things I Do Have Absolutely No Reflection On How I Feel About You.
I feel like ill be giving the stupid face alot today
Whether is it a joyful day I always feel stupid,bad,sad&lonely
Sat in Asda's cafe while Nathan pays for our stuff, I feel all passy outy, stupid low blood pressure.
Damn, I seriously don't know what to do about the game. I'd feel stupid going to the pubs with my shirt alone. Anne - get here already!
I will feel better for tonight! Stupid cold :/
I don't feel stupid either that's the funny part lol
I feel fat nd its depressing. :( been on this stupid diet for 3 days
i don't know how as a pretty intelligent  individual someone can make me feel so stupid.
It's damn disturbing. Fuck you stupid chinese man, thank god the police caught you, you sick fuck... I officially feel sick.
“@HighOnComedy: say "I" . .spell "map" . .and say "ness"” .I feel really stupid 8P
i still feel like crap ugh stupid cold go away
I feel stupid when I expect something from someone, and it dosnt happen
i feel stupid for going on this long hmm.
I feel so stupid, my brain hasn't done maths in so long
I feel chained to this bed. So I am gonna make an effort and go out to get some fresh air. Stupid illness :(
I feel like a dick when I realise I've not replied to someone. But it'd be stupid to reply now.
Happy almost new year! Try not to make stupid unachievable resolutions that just make you feel bad next year. I used to be guilty of that...
So i feel sorry for the stupid ass eye doc
My wife has to be smarter than me. I don't care by how much, as long as she doesn't make me feel stupid about it. Yup.
I'm stupid..and feel like it
I hate it when I yell someones name and they dont hear me, I feel stupid. teamfollowbackJ9kEg
Do I feel stupid when I fall in love with you? Although we first met? Is sin?
The way she was cussin I didn't even feel no way she had all right. Stupid teacherrr
I seee you coooldd, I feel you heaaartless. Bitch. You stupid, fucking bitch. You stupid, fucking bitch. Fucking bitch.
Thank you 2012 for making me feel stupid in your first 20 minutes.. I love you too
I feel really bad :( stupid me. :(
I feel so fucking stupid!!! LMAOOOO!!! i swear i do right now! OMG!!
i hate it when its too dark with the light off.. but when you put the light on it seems too bright and you just feel stupid having it on
I feel stupid but I was glad something else has not happened.
I like making myself feel worst by listening to songs that remind me of him. Yep, I'm pretty stupid.
When I feel you did something stupid, I kinda back off.... ALOT. Hopin that you will get my disapproval
I feel so stupid :| Wtf did I do :|
Yeah I toot that, boot that, make her feel stupid.
this dream is haunting me... i don't know what to think or feel about it... i don't know if i want it or not... STUPID DREAM!!!
Hardest moment in my life -- How am I alive? I feel stupid for saying such thing.
THE WORLD IS NOT GOING TO END IN 2012. But if it does, anyone that I said was stupid: feel free to say 'I told you so'
My god !!!! No way that's just stupid ! I'd have to google it darling, I really feel for you my darlmFt
sometimes it makes me feel really nice and proud that snow patrol are from northern ireland but then i realise that's fucking stupid
i feel like playing because im stupid on the guitar for sum reason HAHA!
Two and a half hours. Oh dear. I feel so stupid, clearly not worth any time or effort.
I'm so hungry :(, how did I become so hungry??? And I need to drink stupid amounts tonight and I don't even feel like going out anymore :(
I don't want to on a stupid shitty walk with you dad, i feel like i am about to die and i just want to be back in derby love lucie x x x x x
I feel so stupid because I came here without anything But I’m finally at ease
I feel so stupid when I talk to you.
I feel stupid and contagious, here we are now entertain us
Still improbably hungover from a whopping four beers. Stupid alcohol intolerance. . .Now watching channel Viva - can I feel any thicker?
You know, I feel fucking stupid.
"@AshleyWinterss: Lol idk how to dance(jigging) I feel I look so stupid but I don't care I just be having fun."
sometimes i feel like stupid person the one that i loved lied to me
Eurgh...stupid people. Why the fuck do that?! You don't gain anything?! You're just making it worse. I'll make you feel bad...you wait!!!
Okay u caught me there dude, I finally let my guard down & asked u not to tease me again. Aaaarrgghhh...I feel so stupid. I need a hug! LoL!
Im up... And i feel stupid.
Like every year, I wish I was in Dubai for NYE, feeling at home, with my best friends. Feel stupid that I let go of the chance when I had it
Oh I feel like crap today... Another stupid ass shift today...need to spend it in bed....
That was Fucked up but hey it is what it is.....I won't set myself up again to feel stupid.
I feel so stupid. Haih. Issokay, could've been worse, Lydiya. Could've been worse.
"@Freakie_Kikie: I mean if u feel that the nigga ain't treating u right, why u sticking around? Why not move on?" Love make us stupid smh
I feel stupid watching this show omg BUT I WILL NOT GIVE UP ON THIS I WILL UNDERSTAND THIS I CAN DO IT
I can't believe how thirsty I sounded when I was messing with Adonte. I feel soo FUCKING stupid. -__-
Just don't be that stupid, I feel stupid looking at your stupidity, u stupid!
I feel stupid for loving you.
Some one is going to ping me something stupid @ 11:59 tonight , I can feel it
I feel stupid. I just found how to read only messages sent @ me.
i need to take my stupid ass to bed before i start dtm. i feel it coming....
I feel so stupid for staying up this late.. I have shit to do today -___-
maybe i want it after all? or maybe not... what is it means? what do i feel about it? i don't know... STUPID DREAM!
Well I didn't get a response I feel real stupid for even saying anything today. Just hope I get a response later in the morning.
Aaaaaaaa i feel stupid, like usually.
just put WMYB and GBY to my stupid cell phone . Now I can watch it in class whenever I feel bored
it was a very stupid dream... i don't how to feel about it...
Oh my gosh, I need to delete my twitter. Maybe then I won't feel compelled to tweet stupid things every time I can't fall asleep.
sometimes I feel how stupid of me
<---- Have a lot on his mind right now, and feel like people think i'm stupid !
lol i feel stupid . yeah i am . or not. o_o *confused*
I'm not scared of snakes, spiders, clowns.. I'm scared of ants, I feel stupid about it.. Ugh ants
I like talking to people with knowledge. makes me feel stupid. but worth it!
One Day Imma Just Steal Off On His Stupid Ass. Lmfao Then I'll Feel Better :)
son I hate to feel stupid,  its like nah I gotta do sumthing bad/wrong to feel good
sighhh really.. I feel really stupid to see everyone going out for countdown but im staying at home facing tv facing twitter.. fml.
Feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to go to the barbers today, I got my hair cut on Thursday for a reason
I can never count on her! No fucking wonder my boys make fun of me feel fucking stupid
It's at time like this that i feel like the only child. stupid brothers just have to have another plan fr weekend. ughh
They way I'm just not going anywhere Tonight. My Clothes are wet and I feel sick. I Think Mama jinxed me with her stupid party!!!
i feel kind of sad when people give me the shock face every year i get bursary. do i look that stupid? :(
She doesn't like my present :/ . I feel so stupid .
LOL I feel so stupid right now. Laughing at myself, oh god
Some things put your life problems into perspective. Now I feel stupid for being upset for such a petty reason
I feel fat & stupid wearing this clothes .
f*ck all you've said sometimes i feel like stupid person the one that i loved lied to me, i know that really break my heart but that's life.
after all if I get bad lenses I'll just get migraines and feel sick all the time. Stupid eye condition.
Ladies never poor your heart out to someone, even if it feels right, because at the end you'll feel as stupid as I do right now . .
I feel kinda stupid. Then again I don't
I feel like yelling at every single person in the world for doing all these stupid things. likeomg.
I feel stupid ): I have a feeling I'll see A LOT of people I know. Always happens to me when I'm looking/feeling cui (is that how you say it
Annndddd I'm up. Just as I predicted. Stupid meds wore off and i feel hungover. Just dandy.
I hate going first class cause all those smarty pants makes me feel stupid by comparison.
Lmfao. Why does this girl feel like I stil have feelings for her. Ex's are so phuckin stupid.
that was the most stupid thing you could've done</3 I'm sorry, but it was. you honestly don't know how I feel right now,  it's heartbreaking
I always forget what things like 'ngl' and 'idgi' mean but then I remember and feel extremely stupid.
I feel clever and stupid at the same time. I feel ugly and beautiful too. Life's so confusing :)
.....wow I feel stupid now
I feel like tweeting stupid shit until I fall asleep.
Again I began KOUHAKOU with second song and miss once more Ayumi by seconds ... I feel disgusted! I'm so stupid to miss it again!
I would rather people tell me how they feel instead of looking at me stupid lol
I feel so stupid.  I can comprehend myself.. my feelings.. my actions.. WHY THE HELL CAN'T I FIX THEM?!
That moment when the teacher finds stupid reasons to lower my grade because they feel like I don't deserve good grades.
I actually feel stupid
Smh! Speaking of instincts I'm glad I followed mine again the other day cause if I didn't he woulda made me feel real stupid and dirty smh.
Hate when i wait a couple seconds after but its just silence... Makes me feel stupid
I now feel really really stupid..
WHATS THIS. I FEEL STUPID. PAT. UR CRUSH FOLLOW ME.
I now feel stupid...
I feel so stupid I could kill myself.
Y'all let me go like 6 minutes with that dumb tweet lingering on your TL's. I feel stupid. lol
I dont even know why I am confused idk why i put this upi just needed to get it out i feel stupid but idk what to do
I think it's humanly impossible to feel more stupid.
Shouldn't have sent that! Now I feel stupid! -__-
Lol idk how to dance(jigging) I feel I look so stupid but I don't care I just be having fun.
I just feel so stupid everytime.
I feel like doing something stupid tonighttt.
I would rather you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid.
I didn't feel the fairytale feeling, no, am I a stupid girl for even dreaming that I could .. ❤
I feel stupid I can't log off of facebook! D: it changed :/
And i was the fool goin round to my boys talkn bout she aint even like that..... i feel stupid af
i tell my friends im not over him dey make me feel stupid cus dey say'get over him already cus hes clearly over u'u think i cant see dat
I feel so stupid trying to get Harry to notice me Ahahahah
I feel so much better now that I got that over with. I never realized what a burden you were. Ughh stupid, stupid boy.
I Feel So Stupid!! You Loved Me And I Fucked That Up.... I Would Do Anything To Have Another Chance And Show You How Much I Love You <\3
--* Yeah Talk About Being Petty I Make All The Groupies Feel Stupid !
i just feel liiike tweeting stupid sheeeit right know! (x
This stupid girl...smh I feel so embarrassed!
Sometimes I feel like people think I'm stupid as fuck .
I just think hating is stupid. What's the point of hating? Keep hating on the lakers if it makes you feel better about your team
“@ZozeeBo: Feel so ill. Great start to the new year. :(” -- i don't feel great either. stupid migraine. :-(
I'm bored, I feel like tweeking stupid things..
So we r in fact watching Leicester on tv rather than going today, can't say I'm disappointed. Feel SHIT, stupid cold
I spelled smart wrong how stupid do I feel now?
I just wished my biggest inspiration a "happy New Years" instead of A "Happy New Years Eve" haha I feel so stupid! Sorry Psanders:/
Brother was like: Hoi! Going where party later?! I feel so stupid to tell him that I've no plans at all.
I hate my life right now:(I feel like a loner +I cant go to sleep even on a school night I have to soon for a stupid speech about rice:.(
if we actually do see each other i'ma resist trying to do anything. o_0 so she won't feel stupid..
I mean, if you feel some type of way. Let me know so I'm not sitting here looking stupid just waiting?
Feel like I did some stupid stuff in 2011 , but 2012 I'll be making sure I fix shit !
I think I'm dying. I feel so sick. And on top of it all I miss this stupid girl. :(
Found some codeine in da fugerator. I feel so stupid.
I feel stupid. I found this amazing image, but it's quite small because it's from tumblr. And the one who made it deleted the original.. :'/
I don't feel like going to this stupid show tomorrow, as a matter of fact u don't want to me in the state if Louisiana tomorrow.
I hope you feel stupid as fuck right now... I told this was Gunna happen.. Maybe next time you'll listen to me.
Hahahaha. I feel so sorry if I'm making Stephen sound so stupid in the thing I'm writing. The ice goes in his mouth while he laughs out loud
“@_SabbySabs: Drop my phone on my facee :| hate when I doo that” that shit hurts and I feel all stupid ahah
I always feel stupid when I find myself smiling at my phone screen lol
I feel like shit. Stupid fucking apple schnapps.
"You should smoke cigs dude. Its really sarap, especially after long exams. Ako i feel so relaxed after!" -#stupid teenage boy
You chose to end things with me, just never had the balls to say so yourself. I feel so stupid.
Lol I jes feel like doing something stupid ..
i feel so fucking stupid for leaving work early for this, but i feel so fucking sick.
Lol I bet I made him feel stupid ^_^ oh well you shouldn't of fucked with my feelings (:
i always do stupid shid then feel sorry at the end
I feel stupid whenever I see my close friends from 5th grade and I go up to them and say hi and then they're like who are you? xD
Unless you are a child of 5 or a midget then you always look stupid drinking from an espresso cup, I feel like gulliver right now
i feel stupid.. this movie was chinese not japanese. :o
It's stupid to tell u how I  feel now whn the yrs up n 21 hrs
I feel like im wasting time nd just looking stupid along the way...
I hate New Years. A stupid fucking night that makes me feel 10x more miserable than I do any other night.
It would feel stupid if I told you I missed you
Feel joyful with the Movie of Alvin and The Chipmunks 3. You rock! You begin my new year eve, stupid Chipmunks! If I have you all. :D
I'm not doing anything for new year, I feel so stupid.
people always ask me if i'm okay , & i say yeaa . but i'm not , & i feel even more lonely . wtf . i'm stupid sometimes .
I FEEL STUPID AF, BUT HEY IT'S LIFE
But I still wanted to work things out. And all you did was make me feel stupid so I stopped!!!!
When people see me out in public & call me by my twitter name I give them the blank stare & make 'em feel stupid for a couple of seconds....
getting myself so hung up on stupid things.... i feel so shit
without my chin hair, i feel stupid.
I feel like I'm getting stupid because if this 48 hour Spongebob marathon.
I feel so stupid now..
Sometimes I feel so stupid for giving you that confidence. It just turned into fuckin cockiness
Damn! I love the way they dance.. Makes me feel stupid n useless..
Oooooh shit. All the sudden I dont feel so good. Must have been all those stupid candy canes...bleh :/
I kno we may fuss time to time and you may feel like I'm acting stupid but that's me
Wow... I feel real stupid.
I soooo regret taking that stupid nap in the afternoon even though it didn't feel stupid at the time!
feel like I've done something stupid...
pain helps me remember that i am alive. i thank god i could feel. but yuh see when i feel stupid. daz a prob.
I hate being blonde I feel stupid af sometimes -_-
now i feel like how these hoes be feelin STUPID n dats somthin iam not
"@TZZNAY: Might find a skiing holiday 4 next year just so I dnt feel as stupid 4 buying Gucci ski goggles" good idea this
I feel so stupid for going up to Christian & his gf while they were tryna work things out! Lmao!!! I made it so awkward. -__-
Stupid ish makes me wanna make ppl feel dumb...I really do wish I had old text messages saved!
if yall only knew how STUPID i feel right na
Just wanna bang my head in the wall I feel stupid I don't wanna feel stupid
I feel stupid! Sir, I did what you asked me to do tapi xjadi. Not like I don't know that. I thought you have a better suggestion.
i kinda feel stupid for trying to have a conversation w. my bf and he just says goodnight -__-
I feel kinda stupid for tweetiing that I bet he think I'm dumb
I hate ppl who try to make other ppl look nd feel stupid becuz that's how THEY LOOK ND FEEL *smurks*
Donovan Hung Up ???? Lol Me && Treasure Was Talking Like He Was On Da Phone Lol....I Feel Stupid
I can't explain how hurt I am right now. How disappointed I am. How betrayed I feel. And how stupid I think you are.
Fxck it! Expressing it is just going make me feel stupid afterwards cuz I'm gonna think it went well and it didn't.
I feel like doin sum real stupid...i wanna b high !
I feel mad stupid. all I do is waste time with her-_-
i don't wanna hurt someone,but i think i hurted her.. im so annoyed ..i don't wanna say like b.... Feel stupid
i feel so stupid!!! when is logan Bday?!
RT@GirlsNotes : I would rather have you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid.
it seems stupid and dramatic for you cos it doesnt happen to you. you never know how it feels. but i know and i feel...cos i love you.
i hate when people make me feel stupid
Call me stupid idgaf I'm just tweeting what I feel.
Worst nights sleep and still feel crap! Stupid cold go away.. I need a hug!
when i using IE i feel like stupid
some times i hate myself following the crowd to make stupid choice. i feel awful and i can't change anything cause i am late . i hate mys...
So I just asked what kmsl Meant nd I feel stupid !!!
When I text you and you don't text back  I feel stupid !!!
I hate crying because I'm mad. It makes me feel stupid.
Wow , don't I feel stupid .
I FEEL SO STUPID FOR LETTING THIS SITUATION OCCUR AND JUST WANNA APOLOGIZE ONE MORE TIME *heavy sigh* IM A BETTER MAN
I feel so stupid when im like all obsessed with a boy. Thinkin he like me & shit. Then he update and say somethin about his gf. Deva!!!!!
i feel so stupid now..
I feel stupid is shit , for what you put me through -_-
Jokes..no one woke up...I feel stupid...#awks
I feel like I'm getting way to excited for tomorrow night and I'll probably end up having to stay home or something stupid
I bet she feel super stupid
wow i feel so stupid
Why tf did I say yes from day 1?! I feel so stupid
It's not even night time , I feel stupid !
i feel REALLY stupid right now...
Cus I will make u feel stupid . If ur not fkn the way I want u too. U thout the retards that ask for my # feel stupid. U'll feel stupederrr
ooohhh! i get it! lmao wow i feel stupid
I feel stupid, but that's because I probably am.
I feel bad for the people with parents who gave them extremely stupid names.
Dear lord, please shoot me in the face. I don't even want to see 2012. I feel humiliated and reeeeeeaaaallly stupid.
Today am a complete drama queen! Well, actually I might turn into a wild crazy beast once u try 2 make me feel better wth stupid girly talk
I Feel Stupid .. Its Time To Face The Facts!
on january 1, 2012 i know scientist are going to feel so stupid, cause the world is not ending.. unless we all just piss God off in 24 hrs.
I feel stupid texting you knowing you won't reply, but for some strange reason I love how I still havent gaven up on you.
Tht stupid shit day day says. "I feel like there is no oxygen on the floor" what is wrong with u lol
i feel stupid. back than i could have just ignored everythin . now its like u all digging ur own hole n die inside ==
Amusing myself by reading stupid twitter posts.... My sleep patterns all messed up i dont even know how to feel.... Bahhhh. I need sleep.
I feel so stupid because I miss what we were, even if it was just a title, and I feel like you could care less.
It was pitch black, and i ran straight into somebody, i feel so stupid & now my nose hurts SO BAD
“@N0ClothesON I feel so stupid ...like one of the girls I swore I would never be”
Sometimes I feel like I say stupid things to you even over text and its screwing me over.
High tweeting is equally as stupid. I always feel like Twitter would ruin my high. Yall cray.
Damn i feel stupid after that....
"Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little fights and all our jokes...i feel in love" <3
I feel so stupid ...like one of the girls I swore I would never be
If everything could feel this real and this good forever I would melt with you! But your to stupid to realize I'm standing in front of you!
I feel some weird dreams comin... -__- stupid tea
I hate it when people make me feel stupid like really?!
Not even in the mood for this stupid NYE in the city. I feel like absolute shit fml - worst way to end the year ...
I feel stupid. Just got owned by my brother.
in my time zone is one day till new year lol i see this tt and i feel stupid
Okay so i feel really stupid now. Theres no guitar today OTL
I love being underestimated; The look on people's faces when you've made them feel stupid is priceless.
I feel like doing something stupid..
Lol I bet everybody feel stupid now
I feel stupid & i feel like i messed up ...
Sometimes i just feel like telling people to shut up when they make stupid comments, it really irritates me.
i feel stupid for trying to put an ipad app on a ipod ==
I feel stupid with the jacket!
Fuck i feel stupid now. My friend told me New Years was at midnight today. Damn and i messaged hella people happy new years smh.
I feel so stupid bringing a camera without it's battery. Lolz
i keep fucking up w/ my dm's -_____________- i feel really stupid lol .
I picked up a hitchhiker tonight I felt bad for him I feel good abt myself for that. Nicole got pissed that I did that apparently its stupid
I Feel Like Doing Something Stupid...
Wow. I'm a dumb ass.. I feel stupid and annoying.. I'm tired of wanting something that is never gonna be anything.. night......
I feel so stupid man swear I do..but I ain't gone say why"!! Its all good doe...im off this shit ..
this stupid bitch, i feel like SLAPPING her across her ugly ass face.
I hate stupid ass questions from guys I feel like saying "are you really asking that bitch" ?
May make you feel like shit but hey, at least I'm not looking stupid.#honesty
All the stupid Beiber shit. I feel like Twitter should make a section just for you weird Beiber obsessors.
One of my ex's > I feel soo stupid for lettin that ass go
I feel stupid but its alright, ego aside.
i really don't feel like working on that stupid project tomorrow!
I told you things wouldn't be the same :/ I feel stupid. Goodnight.
i feel REALLY stupid right now
Why TF would you feel stupid? Man I hate when MF try & blame shit on me. I know how I feel & wtf is up. That's it. Take it how you wanna.
I know its stupid and probably you didn't feel the same way but..I miss you, terribly.
I feel stupid rapping flocka songs!  Shit don't even be makin sense. .
Now that this is happening I honestly feel stupid for getting so upset at dumb things and being so ungrateful..This is so much worse.
I look & feel so stupid smh . . this gotta be the worst feeling
*Ignores that tweet* lbvs, idk who it's about. lol. If it's not me, I'ma feel stupid.
Can't seem to fall asleep. Stupid cough. I just wanna feel healthy. That's all.
I feel like I smoked a blunt watching family guy, just stupid shit thats hella funny CTFU!
Hate that it had to end word up I was tryna hard to make it work I feel stupid..
Ugh I feel stupid why would I tell him that -__-
I feel like I'm stuck on stupid
I do not wanna go to the party tonight , i feel like shit , stupid meds >.<
I feel stupid, . .and contaigious, . .just kill Justin Bieber, . .just work with us!!!!!!
Whenever I get B's it makes me feel stupid because my parents want me to go to the school's where all the bright kids.
“@757_CHURCH Bout to iron my clothes for tomorrow.. I feel like a thirsty ass Lil kid on the first day of school lol”u stupid ctfu
Girl, u stupid! I feel sorry for you..
hahahaha you so stupid RT@_Xx_YOLO_xX_: I wonder what it feel like to be white?
good thing i didn't tell you how i feel, i would've looked real stupid. lmao
Don't feel stupid.  We understand we aren't shit "@Look_itsMuffy: I really feel stupid AF not being able to reply back to my followers. Smh"
i feel stupid when no one likes my status, lol
Ok twiiter I gotta ask a serious question pls don't try to make me feel stupid ok
I really feel stupid AF not being able to reply back to my followers . Smh
I talk to the man upstairs at times , but sometimes I just feel stupid .
Well now i feel stupid :(
I Feel So Stupid! I Am Just Now Realizing That Today Is The Last Day Of 2011!
I feel really stupid..
i feel like a lot of people don't realise the impact they have on me. tell me im stupid, i laugh but it kills me on the inside.
i feel stupid cuz i cant work twitter
I feel so stupid! When I text some1 and he/she cann't reply!☹
I always feel stupid cause I never really understand what people are trying to say.
I hope some of yall realize it wasnt a real number… i feel accomplished and yall should feel stupid lmfao
I FEEL SO STUPID! I AM JUST NIW REALIZING THAT TODAY IS THE LAST DAY IF 2011! xD
Mac makes me feel so stupid...Smh why do I trust him
I feel so stupid danger and dragon is almost the same.
When I text you and you don't text back, I feel stupid. Haha
i want to ask her but what if she says no. i'll feel so stupid.
"She's an idiot, I feel so bad for here because everyone thinks she stupid."
Not even 10min away from me, this nigga still doing the same ol shit. But smh I feel so stupid. Gn.
Haha i hate that i like him and i tell him this all the time i feel for a player and im stupid but shit life goes on !
I feel stupid.... But whatever
When someone acts stupid on purpose I really feel like punching them on the face.
“@Shortyy_B “@AskYoHoe I Hate When People Try & Make Me Feel Stupid, Like I Don't Know WTF Um Talmbout””
I honestly feel stupid, when you speak to me.
exactly!! RT “@GirlsNotes: I would rather have you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid.”
I feel bad for insanely hot girls, they have to do so much stupid shit.
"@TooDopeAlex: I'm going threw HBO channels and like 5 porn ones come around and my mom walks in FUCK I feel all stupid now!" Sureeee ? Lmao
Oh God, I can feel the hole getting bigger. Ugh. I hope this stupid thing gets staph infection and eats all my tissue away and kills me.
hey im stupid baby, hey i feel lonely. LETS SING EVERYBODY! HEY IM STUPID BABY, HEY I FEEL LONELY! lol
I feel so stupid now .
Uh I don't know if I should feel stupid orrrrrrr whaaat....
I just feel stupid.
ahhh fuck!! .now I feel stupid.
So so tired. It's stupid. I'm annoyed at how I feel. I ache too which is always a bonus. Don't want to work. I want to sleep. Screw NYE.
i feel like adrian hoed me in some way...lol i just know it... stupid tepkerrrr!
I feel so stupid right now. Pissed? Yeah... Very..
Why do I feel so insecure and stupid when I talk to you.. It's terrible.
I feel like things are gonna change, but not even in a stupid "new year new me" type of way. I just feel a change coming.
i cnt believe i added my daddy as a friend on fb i feel stupid n i kno i am
When I text you and you don't text back, I feel stupid so i delete the message and play like i didn't send one..
I feel like freestyling some stupid shit right now,
i feel like tweeting stupid shit.
I feel so stupid now... Sorry for asking
I feel like i'm hacking a hairball. Stupid dry cough..
Smile wenT away dat fast i Juxt feel so stupid
I'm going threw HBO channels and like 5 porn ones come around and my mom walks in FUCK I feel all stupid now!
I'm stupid & I'm sorry & I miss you, I just summed up how I feel.
“I would rather have you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid.”
aweee... okay. how do I feel?...... pretty stupid. goodnight world.
"@GirlsNotes: I would rather have you tell me straight up what's wrong, than you ignoring me and making me feel stupid."
I hate when I forget to put the last letter on words. Makes me feel like I'm really stupid, and don't know proper spelling and grammar.
agg  and right now i feel so stupid....
I'm so tired that I feel like going home to sleep but wouldn't it be damn stupid if I spent the last day of 2011 sleeping?
Do I look or seem stupid cause I feel like that's the impression people have of me all the time.
I feel like an idiot on voxer in public people look at you like your stupid because they think your talking to yourself < lol
Idk what should I say I feel stupid about everything
I Hate When People Try & Make Me Feel Stupid, Like I Don't Know WTF Um Talmbout
I feel stupid. I just wanna be asleep
If I Ever Make A Girl Cry I Will Feel So Stupid I Will Never Make A Girl Cry. :P
"Idris was an apparently-Victorian woman who was used as a host for the Doctor's TARDIS." I FEEL SO STUPID NOW THAT I DIDN'T REALIZE THIS
just realized what white collar is. I feel stupid.
Ok hangout is stupid dumb rite now ....nnnnnnnn I'm drunk...aka feel damn goooood LMFAO
OMG yesss "@ispeakfemale: When I text you and you don't text back, I feel stupid."
I feel kinda stupid but it is what it is
Shit like this make me feel so damn stupid & Why TF ... Ugh . smh BITCH BITCH BITCH . FUCKKKKK ! I've never so damn pissed .
Stupid. Bodoh. Idiot. I feel like a loser right now. Thanks a lot!
Lmao for some reason I feel so stupid when laughing by myself to the tv
I know I might sound stupid right now but that's just how I feel
Just put the milk in the cabinet and the tv remote in the fridge, gosh I feel stupid :( I think thats a sign that its time to go to bed
I know she feel stupid !
I can feel an argument coming & over something stupid. Watch us just stop texting.
I feel like the Facebook Help Center does a great job of making anyone feel stupid for not knowing h
I feel so fuckin stupid, why do I always put myself in this position :S
When people ask me stupid questions i feel obligated to answer with a sarcastic answer .
but at the end of the day, i'll always feel stupid
Everything moving  slow motion an my teeth feeling mad stupid and I feel like I'm walkin on air lmao smh
Truly stupid paid this how i feel today ..
Oh i got ignored . Now i feel stupid
The smell of my dad's stupid fucking cigar has thoroughly permeated my room & everything inside. I feel like waking him up & yelling at him.
I swear sometimes i see these stupid tweets and i feel lile replyimg somethin smart lol
I feel like I should and drop kick your ass for being so damn stupid! 
I'm so sorry. I feel like ah, feelings are stupid and so am I.
I always feel stupid when my phone autocorrects a word that I've apparently been spelling wrong all my life
How could I actually think I could make her mines forever I feel so stupid
Just realized sumthin & I feel real stupid , im lettin this shit go !
WTF WTF WTF just found out what a jiggaboo really was I feel so stupid/bad lmao
.uhm , let me know if i should copy & paste the text to twitter ! Or better yet look in her phone . I bet you'll feel stupid after :)
When I text you and you don't Text back, I feel stupid. :/
I feel stupid for believing you, when you said all that shit
I feel stupid. I had to use my moms Justin bieber beats for voxer. And No she doesn't like jb. She just likes purple
I feel that people looking at me like I'm stupid..
When I Feel Stupid Thats Like The Worst Feelin For Me
My niece is too cute! I would trade babysitting her any day over going out! Just wish her stupid parents would feel the same.
Brianna: "You needed to see that." Me: "See what?" Bri: "The connection!" Me: "I don't have to see it. I feel it stupid!" I am so mean xD
I feel like the target of malicious retweets about being stupid... It's true. My dad calls me dumb as a box of rocks. Although...
You Text me. I Text Back. You Don't Reply. I Feel Fucking Stupid.
With that being sad your a stupid ass bitch and ur a stupid ass nigga! I feel better!!
You ever just been goin all day, u finally sit down & u feel ur body start to shut down? I just got stupid sleepy, hella fast.
I feel stupid when I comment on something & they don't comment back.
FORGET THAT TWEET. There's still another day! XD I feel stupid AF now.
i feel stupid . dontay did call me back , lol .
She fell in love and I know she feel stupid.
Been up 5 minutes max & I *can't* stop yawning. Drinking like this would be stupid, I feel like I'm going to collapse :(
I feel stupid i thought today was da 30th but den i remebered dat its da next day after 12 not wen u wake up. Ohhhhh i feel stupid
I feel so stupid, I know things will never be the same and I still lay here and pretend everything is okay
I really hate losing stuff cause then i feel stupid because it be in the same place i left it but i forget
Making me feel/look stupid <<<<< ... I'll be a bitch to you.
I think she is mad at me... Phone call was disasterous... I feel like I wasted her time... Stupid... Stupid... Stupid... ....B&C...
I feel stupid writing this cuz I know your gonna see this but I'm not mad, or pissed off I'm just.....very upset..can't handle it. Sorry.
I'm perplexed at how "successful" (note quotation) people, feel like their measure of success is a license to make others feel stupid!!!
When I text you and you don't text back, I feel stupid."
Ayy i bet u feel stupid! -_- geez stop assuming shit if yuh really dunno
Im Truly Stupid Paid Thats Juss How I Feel Today
Y'all be posting prolific shit, then I come to find it's a song title...and then I'm supposed to feel stupid? Fuck.
i feel stupid af I fell out the bed ! Lmao
Mood terjun bebas. I feel so stupid.
I didn't feel the fairytale feeling, no. Am I a stupid guy for even dreaming that I could?
I feel so dumb and stupid. How could I fell in love with a guy that I haven't even met??? -_-
Really! I feel fuckin stupid for cryin
I feel stupid ass fuck, like i'm the dumbest nigga in the world right now.!
...I really hate when mfs feel the need to put stupid shit on twitter mind your fuckin business.
Im truely stupid paid, thats just how i feel today...
"I feel all stupid, dancey!"
Can't help but feel stupid right now. Wish I didn't make such bad decisions sometimes.
I just feel stupid..
Now I feel stupid !!
i know you feel stupid if a guy cheat on you w/ you best friend & you go back w/ him .
I feel stupid when I say "what?" a thousand times because I can't hear
I'm so sick I can't sleep I feel terrible  stupid Texas weather
Everyone always stops talking after I say something.. It only makes me feel really stupid.
i feel stupid too.
I feel sooo stupid -_____-“@iamdrury: “Lmfaooooooo I thought it was january 1st !!!!! Fuck My Life” *pats back* it's gonna be okay lol”
I feel so stupid and clingy to them right now. I should've stopped at the first notice.
Yelling at the tv ..... I feel stupid
And look. Just in that instance i feel better. I have the urge to crack a joke and watch tv. Maybe watch stupid videos.
Ahhhhhh.! I feel so stupid, remote right bside me.! Dats wat I get 4 not rlly lukin.!
Aint nobody tell me im sending tweets and messages and shit ohhh my I feel so stupid
I feel sorry for franklin right now I mean I keep saying stupid things deep emo sigh.
i feel like it's kind of stupid to get your last name tattooed on your back. its like your making yourself into a sports jersey forever.
That moment when the teacher finds stupid reasons to lower my grade because they feel like i don't deserve good grades.
Soooo I have the hiccups. I feel stupid.
I just feel stupid now..
I hate when people don't text back cause then I feel stupid for even texting them in the first place
I feel so damn stupid. Brock Lesnar is the same person. Oh my god
Haha the question I just asked made me feel real stupid lol but I love football, not basketball!
I Just Sent oomf the worst message possible I just feel stupid
Well don't I feel fucking stupid...
You made me feel ... . .Bad, .Trash, .Waste of space, .Unimportant, .Ugly, .Ashamed, .Hated, .Lonely, .Broken, .And stupid.  . .Congratulations! I HATE U
oohwee , i feel stupid as fuck right now !!
I'm pretty sure Jon is the only guy I'll ever feel comfortable not wearing make up around. .Stupid Jew.
I feel really stupid after reading that tweet -_-
I've never had an edible just by itself, which is stupid, cause if you've already smoked, you're not gonna feel it hit you.
- i feel stupid for the second time ..
If i get no reply  imma feel stupid n imma give up for sure this time
Holy adrenaline rush! Lol looking back I feel stupid.
HAHAHAH I FEEL SO STUPID NOW
Ha. I hope you feel stupid
I regret sending that damn text. Now I feel stupid
Don't go back to ya ex. They haven't changed and you will feel stupid. Second best piece of advice I can give you.
I feel stupid now!:(
You can tweet, but hello, how you doin, and goodbye are all a foreign language. I feel stupid for caring bout this crap.
I feel stupid for this moment.
I feel like everyone who I know that has gotten a tattoo has a really stupid one
school makes me feel so unimpressive and stupid sometimes. i know i'm not stupid. i know i can do better, and i will.
I FEEL LIKE I LOST YOU BECAUSE I WAS STUPID
I feel .. Stupid . Thats all /:
Well I hope that was about me. If not I'm gonna feel really stupid. Hahah.
Oh I had stupid fun yesterday now I feel all messed up inside :& :(
When I'm on Voxer I feel like I'm talking to myself and I sound stupid.
(Looks around) ...you know how I feel about that!!!! ... Stupid Bear!
I Hate Responding 2 "What's Up" - Feel Like My Answers Are Stupid...!
Damn. I feel soo mf stupid. Like really? I didn't get mad about that shit.. That was basically _____. Wtf is wrong with me?
I ain't even sleepy feel like I just woke up :) Stupid Ass . Winner Not A Quitter
when you go black in the middle of an important sentence <<<<< i feel stupid after it
i know it's new years eve but I texted everybody in my contacts happy news years x forgot the eve , I feel buku stupid :/
I feel so stupid and ashamed. Bring me back to 9 hours earlier. Stupid! Stupid! #{!?=%<!")&$/,!
I still feel bad for the stupid thing I did yesterday
rereading old texts just make me feel .stupid for even arguing. i rather lose an argument than lose you..
I feel so stupid right now -__-
I feel like doing something stupid on the last day of the year.
And just like that. I feel incredibly stupid and inconsiderate.
jus seen somen on here that makes me think about everything i said to you an makes me feel like im stupid!!!!!
I hate when ppl try to make u feel like u stupid and they dumb as hell as well
Hahahahaha I definitely just realized something lol I kinda feel stupid
I always say stuff on twitter then notice how many people can see it and then I feel stupid
Like I feel like everyone should be able to make up for stupid shit in some way.
LOL i know dis dum azz hoe feel stupid i wish i can see wat she thinking now dat she know i know she tryn to fucc my patna LOL
Omg I feel so stupid lmfao I walker away from the child and still smelled it it's me lmfao Jojo put syrup on my shirt lmao@MylifeWithGizmo
When I text youuu &&& you dont text back i feel ignored/stupid.
I feel stupid when i text you & you dont text back....
Im truely stupid paid thats just how I feel today
Lol well dont I feel stupid ;P
Cuz the responses I get make me feel stupid
no nails .. no lashes .. i feel stupid.
I feel stupid and I don't like that feeling
Love how, she thinks im asleep, and i can hear her outside my door calling me a "stupid fucking kid." really makes me feel loved..
I feel like unfollowing ur stupid ass right now but u know me.... Im better than that
No words can describe how stupid and sick i feel...i end up pushing everyone away
I feel stupid when I txt someone and they don't want 2 txt me back#I feel like a bother
i feel so stupid .. i hate my life .. </3
I ain't drinking no more tonight ion feel like getting stupid tonight!
I Feel Pretty Stupid Right Now :/
I feel so fucking stupid, always caring so much for ppl that don't give a shit about me ughhh
I feel like throwing up. I'm so stupid sometimes... /facepalm/
So i feel stupid know i shouldnt have texted you.
Don't you just feel like choking your brothers sometimes?! I sure do! Ughhhhh stupid murder laws.
i Make People Feel so STUPID !
I feel like everything I say comes out wrong or stupid
I'm truly stupid paid. That's just how I feel today.
I feel like I've become stupid over the past couple of weeks..or even months. Like I've lost a part of me that had control. I don't like it.
I feel stupid thinking after 4 years of being single.. Ide actually be loved :'(
I feel so stupid right about now.
Im having so many good Ideas right now but Im not gonna say any cause idk how I feel about them cause they might be stupid cause Im dhjkf ;*
Scratch that.. if your a stupid sorry ass bitch you deserve to get cheated on and I don't at all feel sorry for you lol
I feel the situations I put myself in are stupid because I know what the outcome will be ...
I feel so bad about myself right now. I need to learn how t have a conversation... I should have just said something. Im so stupid nd il ...
I feel so stupid. I never thought j would actually feel this way for you :x
I feel real stupid for even allowing myself to believe there could even be anything there
I'm sorry for tonight's tweets I feel really stupid now
Well i feel stupid for that...
When I text someone and they don't text back, I feel stupid.
but i guess 3 years meant nothing to you. i feel quite stupid..
fuck. fuck. fuck. it always do it. you never care. i feel stupid now. why try? you dont recognize it or you just dont give a damn -__-tt
Tonight I got fucked up wth some ppl who couldn't hang, they feel asleep on me, so I'm left to act stupid wth my self, !
Don't to feel stupid...look how I did it!
“@samanthacorman: I have stupid but amazing friends that will ALWAYS make me feel better no matter what's going on.”yes
i need that one friend i can go to always, for everything & not feel stupid, ashamed or have to be worried about what they think..
I am so stupid when the time for the new year come around i feel like i need to jump
I have stupid but amazing friends that will ALWAYS make me feel better no matter what's going on.
haha I luv makin guys feel stupid, when they try to bullshit me
I'm not about to spill my feelings to just anyone and feel stupid...
Really feel like I needa do somethin stupid soon.. It's been to long.
Omg wyd does"oomf" mean like seriously I feel stupid from not knowing
Sometimes I feel sooo stupid for thinking the way I do :/
I would never stay with someone if they made me feel horrible. Stupid girls.
I feel stupid right now..
Love that I'm staying home tonight on NYE cause of my stupid tooth making me feel sick! FOOOK YOUUUU!!!
I swear I regret dat shit now like I feel stupid for doin it buht I cant take it back
Now that its wearing off.. I feel even worse about it than I did before.. I'm so stupid.
I feel so stupid and disrespected
I feel stupid. Making a family calendar for 2012 and I have to look up half the holiday dates :/
Sometimes i just feel that when i get things off my chest, it feel good but i look stupid
Cant close this damn doggy door. I feel so stupid lol
making me feel stupid or think something that you know clearly I SHOULDN'T be thinkin <
Wow those tweets are really making me feel stupid .. Like I should've known
Well I knoo why buhdd I feel its stupid yuuno?!
it's sad when people ruin their reputation doing something really stupid especially girls ; those are the people I don't feel bad for.
When I text you & you don't text back , I feel stupid -_-
The girl that was really pretty inside and out in 8th grade that u wussed out of telling her the feelings you had for her... .I feel stupid.
, im mad hes asleep tho .. i really feel like bothering his stupid ass ! lol
Damn I know he feel stupid about lookin for that cuz now she bak nd outta control
i didn;t believe what other people said, and now that i see it from my own eyes, i feel stupid, and i feel like a fool.
Played to the left once again. I feel stupid.
I can't believe I use to like rugrats hahaha watching it now makes me feel stupid
I feel stupid and contagious
I feel so mentally impaired / stupid trying to do this fuckin' project..
I love blogtv. but when I make a live chat, I have no idea what to say. damnit! I feel so stupid. LOL!
I feel stupid now....what does S/O mean?? xD
I Bett You Feel Stupid After What Yo Homegirl Tweeted....
I feel bad bout 2012 though...idk why..I'm stupid
LOL whenever Naomi replys to my tweets with a good smart answer...I feel stupid. LOL then I laugh.
Brav, I'm writing a letter to AQA, they made a mistake when giving some people their GCSE certificates
As 2011 lasted I made many mistake I was old enough to learn from them,& I became a better person.
I made a mistake in a fact.. and im gonna fix it now!
Well in 2011, I've made some unforgettable memories. I've my up n downs but also made irreversible mistake. 2011 is a working year for me :)
I can't say it coz I made a mistake based on it.
- I Made a Mistake , And Deleted Lights Please =/
I think I made a mistake
If I had £1 everytime David De gea made a mistake I would have £23
, lls i made a mistake & winked at sue .
I think I made a mistake... Bhut my ego won't let me fix it smh
My mum has made a mistake when she made me ... i mean the only girly thing i have are my boobs :D
I can really disappoint people a lot. But I'm sorry your such a perfect person and never made a mistake.
Sorry, I made a mistake. Blackburn got a historical win to celebrate Sir Alex Ferguson's 70th birthday.
I just made a mistake and texted Shamir old phone number lol
Shit, I made a grave mistake.
I have made a terrible mistake but still enjoying new year.
i made a mistake and now im so scared.
Ya I made a mistake in that tweet.
Clearly made a big mistake by giving someone another chance, when will I ever learn eh
Made a big mistake when I helped my brothers buy Terraria, now all they do is play it, all day long
"@obsidianbeautyy: Especially when its too late to fix it “@La_CajunCreole It sucks realizing you've made a mistake”" :'( I knowwww
"I thought I made a mistake once, but I was wrong".
woah started trippen soon as i made it to the house seems like last night was a mistake
It feels as if I've made a mistake.
Maybe I made a mistake to follow one of em cause she all in my TL !
i might have just made a massive mistake
Gonna be sittin' on a plane reminscing back when I made that mistake & now she gonna be far, far away.
In 2011 I made a lot of mistakes hurt the wrong people and did dumb things but through every mistake I made a lesson was learned..
My 10 years in customer service I would have never treat a customer the way we have been treated. I made a mistake. I fixed it ASAP
I've made a mistake.
Did I made a mistake? Is there somewhere in the world already 2012?
I'm hoping no clever shit notices a mistake I've made LOL
i think ive made my point very clear... as my myspace said... dont ever mistake my kindness for a weakness..
I know how they feel though, being on a big stage and made a mistake like that... And not because of ur own fault... Sad...
Ughhhhh shit I made a mistake...... A Big Big Mistakeeeee!
2012 is a new year to rebuild. Myself as a person, and my heart as a whole. I'm a unique person, and the best mistake that'll never be made.
Made a mistake.... but I've learned.
I made a mistake! It is still 8hours till 2012 here. Sorry ^^
I have just looked at the score on Yahoo!  They seem to have made a mistake.  It says Man Utd 0 - 2 Blackburn.  There must be a mistake.
I made enemies by stopping Tendulkar from getting 100th ton: Siddle .   what a big mistake .you did siddle !
Almost a whole year ago I made the worst mistake of my life - I got blonde highlights .. THEYRE GROWING OUTT :D
2011 is about to end if i hve made a mistake .So please think  .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .First u had messedup with me.... M soo innocent .O$aMa
'Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much'
My mums made a sad mistake if she thinks I'm going sit here & drink this big cup of ginger *sickface*
2011 is reaching its end.... Sorry for all the mistake that I made in  2011, wishing us all the good things for 2012. Have a nice new year!
Just made a huge mistake, I didn't mean United are playing Blackpool. I meant Blackburn! LOL
haha that made me laugh. I would have RTed but there was a spelling mistake so lol no.
I took you for a toadstool. Not the first time I've made that mistake. Nor the last.
Playing poker...someone just made the same mistake I did in the BubbleProtection Invitational..went all in with KK with an A on the board...
I may have made a mistake, but then again, life doesn't come with instructions.
Name 1 time when I've made a mistake and have NOT apologized for it??
Dont keep wondering , before you say i made a big mistake .
I've never made a mistake in my life, I thought I did once, but I was wrong
So I made a big mistake try to see it once my way.
Last day of d year where i made a vry big mistake... God only knows what ll be  d solution :(
The time before that I should have made a mistake because I got accused anyways..
Last New Years I made a mistake..
one notable mistake i made this year. but the good that has come from it makes me feel like it wasn't a mistake at all. maybe i'm a genius.
Hey, so I made a mistake, I get it. STOP REMINDING ME ABOUT IT.
I made a mistake when I asked 2011 to surprise me...yoo 2012, take it easy and slow...let's talk it out before you start any actions
Me too :_( "@Ricardo_stevan: For those who I made a mistake, my sincere apology as ordinary human being"
For those who I made a mistake, my sincere apology as ordinary human being
I think God made a mistake when he created Mosquitos. I am gonna ask Him about a do-over.....
.and the answer is yes. But don't want to make a mistake because I've made the wrong choice.
I made a silly mistake that destroyed others new year. Sorry people. =((
Now Instead Of Callin Shorty A Cab , I let Her Stay .. And Honestly She Might Be The Best Mistake I've Ever Made !!
Whenever I made a mistake, I can't stop thinking how stupid it was.
Apologies, looks like I've made a mistake RE number of yellows Joss has picked up this season. Yesterday was his sixth so ok to play Monday
oops, I made a mistake & called him lol
Accepting I would of made a terrible mistake. Holy shit im glad I didn't. Onto the next one :)
I'm gunna sit here believing the Aria Countdown people made a mistake and One Direction were suppose to be number one.
2011 i made a big mistake. 2012 ill make it right this time :)
this day last year i made such a big mistake :((
I made you a priority in my life yet I'm just an option in yours. So guess what? Now you're only a mistake in my mind.
I have made a mistake with my over application of Beauty Flash Balm. *peel*
...i nearly made the same mistake i dun in 2010...which will nt appen in 2012...ive sed goodbye to friends n to people that were a prt of...
And I realise that I made a mistake in that last tweet, don't watch dat.
Into the flood again .Same old trip it was back then .So I made a big mistake .Try to see it once my way
Hehehe“@shanaz35: I've made a huge mistake...alahhhhhh!”
Made a mistake yesterday. I thank God for giving me today to make amendments
I've made a huge mistake...alahhhhhh!
Found out that I made a big mistake... a really big mistake!
Afternoon Beautiful! Unfollowing people who have not tweeted for a year. Let me know if I made a mistake and I will follow back again!
Damn I made a big mistake yur such a good person n u work hard. N ive seen u do it consistently. U deserve me. I deserve u.
I support Diggy because he's not afraid to admit he's made a mistake and I appreciate that...@diggy_simmons
I realized I made a mistake
Yes you are I've seen it all along still do... You just made a mistake... Yea it sucks but it doesn't make you bad or different
I never made a mistake in 2011, i discovered ways in which i SHOUDNT LIVE MY LIFE NEXT YR.
2 more hours until 2012 last tweet I made a mistake
I made one mistake that's I've apologised for a lot. It's not like I didn't care. I tried to come to Newcastle a few times.
I made a terrible mistake, I should have been honest 
what happened in 2011 will soon be the past, although i made a mistake i will never regret things that have happened.
"I'm afraid I... may have made a mistake. I think there could be something wrong with Esther."
No, I think you made a mistake... you were suppose to put these ---> " >> "
I lie awake I drive myself crazy drive myself crazy thinking of you. Made a mistake, let you go baby.
:'( maybe fallin inlove with you was a bad mistake i made ....
I think I made a huge mistake ....
Made a mistake when I let you go baby, I drive myself crazy wanting you the way that I do.
My ex's brother keeps hitting me  up telling me i made a huge mistake. I said youre right,  i shoulda left him the 1st chance I had.
i made a mistake. :/
I just made a big mistake by reading old letters-_-
Another sleepless night , </3 I wish you'd just, understand i've made a mistake /:
I've made a mistake
Last night I slept next to a radiator, biggest mistake I've made since swapping my shiney mew-tu for a charizard!
I made a mistake when I let him eat the pussy!
I've had my twitter since forever. I deleted my old one and made a new one. Biggest Mistake Ever.
girl am losin ma mind..................jst i made a mistake
Last Day of 2011. I should do it but I didn't. Once again, I made a mistake. Why don´t you learn of them?
I made a mistake and pushed shuffle. Some soft ass Trey came on. Y'all shoulda seem my face
yea him blamed him at first, but once he said it was an app.. i took n other possibilities because it has happen...dang i made a mistake
i forgive people too much when they don't deserve it. just cuz i don't wanna lose em. or i know their good people that made a stupid mistake
think you made your greatest mistake, i'm not gonna call this a break.
Yeah i've made a lot of mistakes but at least I learn from them. And who hasn't made a mistake!
I think I've made a mistake. Based solely on time, stamina, and my resilience to outside influences. Might sleep to rectify. Bye twamps! X
I made a big mistake and now I got to make a choice and I don't want to pick the wrong one
just got google+. i think i made a mistake. lmao
Hey i recognize i made a mistake.. &it was believing you for once .
I made a mistake and ignored Wesley call -___-
To all my freinds, i want to say sorry if i made a mistake or buat you'll tersinggung. I hope you'll forgive me. HappyNewYear Guys (:
Well, I made a mistake. Sorry
I made a mistake
Fuckin kids...I made a mistake tryin to be friendly. Actin like ur moms typing txts for u
One cough drop every two hours?! I have one every 10 minutes! The Hals people obviously made a mistake.
I think I want a new number again , I made a mistake giving my number to a few people ..
Think I made a huge shit load mistake wah
My mum was in my room while I was at my cousin and she spied on me. You made such a big mistake, mum.
I feel like I might have made a mistake :-(
You Just Missed:  Marva Whitney - I Made A Mistake Because It's Only You, Parts 1 & 2 , on Radio Med Web
He said he made one mistake other than that I thought I ws in a fairy tale dream!!!
Yeaa , I Made My Mistake . But I Own Up To You . You Ain't Shit But A High Class Howe Pretending To Be Perfect ! F U C K YO U !
Fuck , I made a mistake ...
I hate making friends in groups. It's like we're taking distance frm other ppl. I made a big mistake..
I Made A Mistake When I Said I Would Walk Out And Now I'm Missing Nina I Can't Even Lie Man :-(
I think I just made a mistake by doing what I just did..
Nobody will ever read a page in my diary I don't care how much I trust yu I made that mistake a while ago nd learned from it
Thanks for all you gave , i never made a twice mistake like you made any mistake to me ☺
I think I just made a mistake lol
I never made a mistake in my life, i thought i did once.. But i was mistaken.
Ugh I made a mistake I hope these ppl don't take my money ima cry but I guess ill just have to take that L
I know i made a mistake , now its too late ... I know she aint comin back.
Okay I get it, I made a mistake. STOP REMINDING ME
Reminiscing back when I made that mistake; I wish it never ended with a heartbreak.
I'm that type of person who always made a mistake but too shy to say sorry.
The shameful mistake that i have made just now taught me to do better in the future :) everything happens for a reason
i just made a huge mistake...
Well, I may have made a mistake by saying that, but who cares, if anything I do love him, if it's not love love, than it's a family love.
yes I made a mistake I thought that you would be mine , guess the joke was on me .
Everybody that commented....F you.. I made a mistake lol
I don't know anyone who is a friend, who has not made a mistake and said something that doesn't truly reflect their intentions.
But this IS the best mistake i've ever made...i guess u can say that its not a mistake at all
Argh shit, I just made a mistake as well, can't help it.
Go Ahead, Move On, Forget All Our Memories, Forget I Even Exist, But When You Realize You Made A HUGE Mistake, Dnt Try To Come Back
Damn I made a grammar mistake?
I'm waiting for them to call n say they made a mistake...it wasn't my mommy...
Go ahead, move on, forget all of our memoried, forget I even exist. But when you realize you made a huge mistake by letting me go.
i thank I just made a huge mistake
i made a huge mistake a few weeks ago with you, annd ive regretted it more and more everyday. </3
The one who made the alphabet was a genius who made a silly mistake by keeping "U" and "I" so far.
Made the mistake of watching Most Haunted this morning while it was still dark. I'm still a little bit scared.
Oomf said I made a mistake by keeping him around and letting the other one go :/
Omg I think I made a mistake in my last tweet haha. Bad spelling. :p
the day I became a mistake to her she made me believe that I still had a heart but no she just dove the dagger in to remind me its not there
I made the mistake of allowing an outside nigga to watch a movie w me at my crib.
i think i just made a huge mistake </3
Dont Regret Anything I Did In 2011,, .Everything 	Mistake Made Was A  Stepping Stone
I made a mistake: that will be 9 points...shoot!!! Ok we continue:...
Nigga grant went live on me said I made a BIG mistake & I'm retarted... Had me feeling like a whole hoe
Okay I get it, I made a mistake. STOP REMINDING ME.
I made a mistake by making her love me !
I blow O's by mistake. Once I made a huge thick one, it looked like a donut from the Holy Moly shpot.
I feel as I made a mistake.
Me and oomf just had a falling out I think I made the worst mistake of my life
By mistake I made a gesture that shows complete disrespect for this guy\chair\so called doctor. I'm screwed.
Everybody tell me I act like a dude when it come to emotions and relationships but I don't think so. God made no mistake when he made me
I made a mistake giving Blair my #.
I made a terrible mistake that im gonna have to live for every day of my life. Just cant wait til' Monday. Chicago here i come.
I admit i just made a mistake
'You where a mistake, but I would never regret it because at one point I loved you. You where the best mistake I ever made </3
*holds hands up* I've made a mistake. Please stop slating me.
i hope you realise that, but i really hope that you realise that we made a mistake breaking up
Really thought it was just fake, but now,   9 months later, I realize it was a mistake I really shouldn't have made.... Can I have you back?
My msgs really dont want to send ,. I think i made a mistake !
Ik i made a huge mistake ik im srry pleasee just this once forgive me i love you n i dont no if u still love me i wont say anything like tht
It hurted So bad I made a mistake and bit My damn nail off well half Of It
“@JordynBitt_ Im only human but im real enough to admit i made a mistake .”
bestfriend :( i made a mistake i need you rite now!!!
Im only human but im real enough to admit i made a mistake .
maybe i made a mistake...
I'm so annoyed ! Ugh why do people think it's okay to fuck over a person  cuz they made a "mistake"....years ago! Get over it already!
Seeing him last night was exactly what I wanted then but now I'm like damn that probably was a mistake I should've never made that move!
I think i made a mistake
Turns out freedom was nothing but missing you. Sucks, I know. I made a mistake leaving you, I'll give you that. But I don't regret it.
You A Mistake But To Think of It You Made Me Self Made I Dont Hate You But I Damn Sure Wouldnt Date You
Guess I made a mistake. Shoulda left the past in the past. Don't worry. Won't happen again.
i made a mistake,i know i had to make it right. so suffer kung suffer. bahala na, ang mahalaga hindi ka nakagulo. done.
i just made a mistake.. arrggghhhh
Maybe I made a mistake .
I've made a mistake...
I wanna take a shower but made the mistake of curling up in my bed ... Decisions decisions
Wondering if I made a mistake
You know I may be the biggest mistake in your life, but that's where the best memories are made. If im a mistake I will be the best you made
If I trust you..please don't give me a reason to make me feel like I made a mistake in trusting you
I made a mistake and just not realizing it....I tried but failed to fix it.!!
I actually played with others tonight. And we failed miserably! I made a total noob mistake in trying to revive mid round. But it was fun.
Why do people say down grade? I'm just gonna say your girl is fuckin ugly and wait for it to be clear to you that you clearly made a mistake
Maybe I made a mistake
I am so mad at myself right now man . I made a HUGE mistake that I just keep letting myself make man
I've Been Through A LOT , And I've Learned From Every Mistake I've Made
reminiscing  back when I made that mistake wishing  it didn't end with a heartbreak .
This stuff is expired bt it tastes gud I guess they made a mistake on the expiry date.....
ithink I jus made a huge mistake
Lmaoo that's the biggest mistake you made...thinking I gave a fuck haaaaaa!!!! ✋.
Maybe I made a mistake, maybe its too soon ...
Mayb I made a big mistake diz tyme!!im off the shit..gn bitches!!
iknow i took your love for granted and i made a mistake .
And what if I madde a mistake I wouldn't change it..it made me the person I am today c:
If he called right now & said take me back I made a mistake I would!
Sometimes I feel like I've made a mistake... But life is all about making mistakes right? Or not.
"Abcd...Z" the man who invented alphabets was a genius. But he made a silly mistake by keeping U and I in a long distance :(
I made a little mistake yesterday, hope you didn't mind..
I made a mistake, it happens now i'm just gonna move foward.
I cant wait for the day you admit you made a mistake..
I think I made a mistake telling her about J. ;$
Q'time I see someones made a spelling error I look down at my keyboard to see how close the letters are to see if it's an acceptable mistake
Okay I made a mistake texting this person cuuuuuz ummm their boring, & obviously don't want to text. It's coo..
feels like a huge weight is off my shoulder. but feels like the biggest mistake i ever made..
Hate feelin like I made a mistake
i think i made a mistake that i can't fix. i think i messed up
I Made A Mistake, I Know U Deserve Better.
Now I'm thinking you and me was a mistake, but it hits me and I'm missing all the love we made
Sometimes I  wonder if I've made a mistake and if I`m supposed to be with someone else.
I made a mistake. He isn't black. Now I want to make toast to avoid the awkwardness. Lol
i made a huge mistake need my baby back
I fuked up i made a mistake a big one at that, can yhu please answer yo phone so we can talk bout it!!! This is childish. I knw yhu see dis!
Y is the one thts just lyke not the one but the one thts different is I made a very Big Mistake
I made a mistake in tagg Diamond lol
I Dont Regret Nothing if it Was A Mistake.. Mistakes are meant to be Made and Lessons are Meant to be Learned.
I honestly think i made a mistake , smh
So true. Not that I've ever made a mistake. But I've heard its true.  "@paulvharris: Mistakes are the portals of discovery. - James Joyce"
I made a mistake and I can't fix this one
My babe don't realize what he got I do love him a lot yes I made a huge mistake but everybody
It is not easy going through life and being perfect. I thought I made a mistake once, but it turned out I was wrong.
okay. i made a serious mistake again. :(
“@PaShea_Eryce I've Made A Lot Of Mistakes But I Can Honestly Say That I've Never Made The Same Mistake Twice”
I made a mistake by calling you.
I've Made A Lot Of Mistakes But I Can Honestly Say That I've Never Made The Same Mistake Twice
fuuuuu i made a mistake in a tweet i posted like an hour ago and i just noticed!
My cuz jus asked did I see her diamond earrings that I jus made a mistake & knocked dwn the drain... Noo girrll let me help you look for em
I made a mistake (Dale from Pineapple Express voice)
I made a mistake, I can't be punished forever for it.
Yes, I made a mistake. Life doesn't come with instructions!
I feel like I'm making the same mistake I made a year ago, I just don't want to realize it
Oppss .. I'm dumb lmaoo , I made a mistake and sent janae momma thiss message ! I needa goo to sleep !
I Just Made A Big Mistake > Fuck !
Omg I just made A Mistake and senT my pic to trey songz lol I need to learn how to work twitter on the real
I made a mistake & tweeted sumn on dee account instead of mine but I QUICKLY deleted it lmao.
I made a huge mistake. I hate myself so much...
Today I made a mistake, it was my 2nd mistake this year. Not bad for 364 days! So, my goal for 2012 is NO mistakes. I can do it I'm sure!
I probably made a big mistake tonight!
i made a bigg mistake today
“@captain_taniah: “@MiiikeDrizzle: I made a mistake!I gave a musty ass person my number!” story of my life”no bueno lol 
Just got home & I made a mistake and left my phone in the house .
“@MiiikeDrizzle: I made a mistake!I gave a musty ass person my number!” story of my life
I made a mistake!I gave a musty ass person my number!
Yes, she made a mistake. But it doesn't mean I'll hate her forever. She's still my bestfriend. ><
... I was wrong... i think i made a mistake :(
I just made a big mistake...
i made a big mistake letting you go..n i want you back
SHIT FUCK, I made a mistake, I thought I needed a break. The truth is I'm such a dick... it's broke and can't be fixed.
i made a mistake
Just had a phone call from work saying that they made a mistake and I should be starting at 6, not 7..fuck life. But its an extra £12!
There comes a point when any reasonable man will swallow his pride and admit he made a mistake. The truth is, I was never a reasonable man.
I'm not perfect...I once thought i made a mistake, but i was wrong!
i think i just made a mistake
& Honestly If You Cut Me Out Yo Life You Made A Big Ass Fucking Mistake i Could Tell You That .
i think ive made a mistake.
I think ii made a mistake
I really just made a mistake and texted the wrong person why she doing all that, it's cool though.
I made a mistake nd I learned! :)
the bag looked so lovely i made a mistake nd peace'd the bali man AEB....lmfao
I did something that wasn't so GREAT ,&&Yeah i made a BIG big MISTAKE .
I made a mistake and text "spoon" when I meant "soooo..."
I made a mistake didnt i?
I def made a mistake giving this jawn my #..
I made a mistake leaving you
;; I learned a lot this year .. & I promise in 2012 I won't make the same mistake I've made ,
I made a big mistake a while back !
Oooopssssss I made a mistake twitter. I like her again lol
i made a mistake lol
i made a dumb mistake , and i really do regret it , you just gotta learn how to forgive and forget .....
Okay I get it, I made a mistake. STOP REMINDING ME... RT if you hate dat shit
and i'm worried, which means i've made a mistake.
I feel like I made a mistake ; /
I have made a big mistake, I should not have put these biccies on the side, the cake has humbled me.
I just made a mistake, I will admit
i Cant Stand it When people Bring up a mistake you made a long time ago Over and over again.
Maybe I made a mistake.
I've made a huge mistake.
Cant sleep to many things stuck in my head nd i think i may have made a mistake.... :/
shit. now I wish I was watching this.... because we all knew Brock Lesnar made a big mistake.
I don't care if I made a mistake, everybody does :)
my boyfriend is currently laughing his ass off at a japanese game show involving a chimp watching magic tricks. i have made a huge mistake.
Maybe I made a mistake, but this is my way that I believe
What a dumbass mistake I made
, I made a mistake and unplugged the TV ; lOl my bad !!
I made a mistake spelling Derrick Rose name and niggas get all hype about it...*shrugs*
Such A Mistake I Made!
Omfg! I made a mistake, I pray to god I'm not wow.
so I made a big mistake, try to see it once my waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay (8)
Yea I made a mistake , & I apologize .
I've made a horrible mistake, yet again.
I hope you know that you made a mistake & I hope you're reminded of it every time I walk into the room.
Sometimes I wonder if I made a mistake letting u go well I guess I did since I got no one to luv no mo lol brothers weirdest lyric ever
I made a lot of mistake in 2011. That I don't plan on making next year.
Making a new playlist for my Tumblr pro, I made a mistake and deleted my other one like the dumbass I am.
I think I made a big mistake.
i understand she made a mistake , but she's making all of us go through the consequence..
can yall stfu , I made a mistake SO WHAT ?
What if I just made a huge mistake?
I know you won't talk to me even if I told you I made a mistake.
Summer of 2011 <---- I Made a HUGE mistake but It was good!
"@NotConcerninYou: My thumbs are getting better I made a mistake and cut myself with the razor"<=== No u tried to kill yourself-___-
I made a mistake , do I regret it NO. But I know I won't make it again !
Made the mistake of starting to craft...don't want to go to bed until I'm done, but am getting tired. Maybe a Diet Coke?
I hope you realize that you made a big mistake one day
I appreciate all the concern, support, and prayers. It was Lawrence and Curtis Sanders.  Not me, Eric Wright. The news made a mistake.
I made a mistake. You where not part of that mistake though.
I have made a lot of mistakes over 2011 but that one night that turned into a week or more, were I hurt you was my biggest mistake
lmaoo... i was gonna type something, and i made a mistake or somethin, so when i try to correct it, it reads "yu being an ignorant bastard."
i almost made a super big mistake sheeesh
I made a mistake on that last tweet but y'all know what I mean!
I made a mistake of following some dumb ppl...lol...seriously tho
oops. i made a mistake on my tweeeet. LMAO! too latee
Well thanks to u Im making different choices. Gotta give credit to you, If you didn't do what you did I would have made a mistake with him(:
Made a mistake I jus thew in everybody
I've made a big mistake. And I'm feeling so ashame. I don't wanna lose my friendship over this. I've gottah keep the faith.
I made a mistake...
y is it that i made a mistake but u still wont forget lyke honestly PPL have their ups&downs but the good thing is we learn, and apply
I think I made a mistake.
I wish i had a time machine for everytime i made a mistake . . .
I never made a mistake in my life; at least, never one that I couldn't explain away afterwards.
Mayb I made a mistake
I'm not gonna made a fool of no... You fucked up, you made this mistake, and you betrayed me shit is done
My thumbs are getting better I made a mistake and cut myself with the razor
knew he fckd with otha girls smh nd i thought i made a mistake fa a min NOPE! im always right
I made a mistake this morning :/
In eighth grade i was tested for oral herpes and i made the mistake of telling a freind wich told people who then yelled that i had herpes
I know you don't want a relationship but I thought I could change your mind but I made a huge mistake instead
i made a huge mistake.
If you say "I made a mistake and I'm sorry" means you are real and human.
I made a HUGE mistake by bein nice & givin certain niggas my #. they wont leave me alone & I never answer back
I GOT THAT CALL I BEEN WAITING FOR. I FEEL ALOT BETTER BUT READY TO MOVE ON FROM IT. I MADE A MISTAKE SO IMMA FIX IT.... I HAVE TO LORD
«@Jmiley24 Made a lot of mistakes dis whole year glad I learned frm it so I won't make dat same mistake nxt year»
Made a lot of mistakes dis whole year glad I learned frm it so I won't make dat same mistake nxt year
I made a huge mistake & I know he won't forgive me !
.the choice i've made , idont consider it a mistake !
I made a mistake & said finna my dad going crazy
What a fucking mistake I made >:O!
I hate when I Tweet something & realize I made a mistake tweets later.
I hope you realize soon that you made a mistake.
I losing my mind, yes I made a mistake I thought that you'd be mine I guess the joke was on me
“@realDonaldTrump: I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him."// Timely tweet...RB is filing for divorce.
I made a mistake, a mistake back in grade eight, now as I sit on this bed wondering what to do, because truth is, I really love you.
I just made a mistake and deleted every text message I had!
I hate the feeling when I come to realize that I made a huge mistake -_-
Think I Made A Mistake Making That Purchase! Don't Think I'd Use It Much! sigh
my ex dump me now he wants me back... I'm confused! o wait.  I think I know what it is, he knew he made a BIG mistake! Ha I got him sufferin
4-0 ((: I made a mistake on my other tweet ;
dam i made a mistake smh
I made the mistake of getting a digital radio as soon as they came out and paid 170 bucks for a decent but nothing stunning unit
I made a mistake -___-
Okay i made a mistake in mentioning/spelling people's twitter names. Lol
Ive excepted the fact that I made a huge mistake... But now I gotta learn from it and move on,
Think i made a hudge mistake
I made a mistake and called my grandma a bitch :X
I made a mistake and told too much of the truth and look where its got me :-/
I just made a mistake but i cant do anything about it now. It will be ok though its just a dumb high school thing.
I think I just made a mistake of putting Fruit Ninja on my husbands iPhone. 
Alright you can stop telling me I made a mistake now.. I already knew and I'm fixing it. Get outta here.
I made a mistake and tweeted off my bae stuff
Decided to take a nap at 7 and I just woke up. I've made a huge mistake. hah
I made a mistake, but I'm real enough to admit that!
Hahaha made a mistake I only have 9 :(
I think I mite have made a mistake... ughh -___-
Ugh , I wish he'd take me back . I made a mistake -_________________-
I made a mistake...#donthaveaattuide
I honestly dont think i really have a biggest mistake of 2011.. i've made a lot of mistakes but hey, im not perfect.
I'm in deep thought right now..think that I may have made a mistake..
eww joseph im not watching a UFC match its all bloody and gross .. i made that mistake once lol
Let's hope this isn't a mistake, cause trust me I've made a lot of those.
I made a mistake. Wanna know what it was?.. Sticking around for you.
OMG I MADE A MISTAKE AND RETWEETED A GAY TWEET F*CK NAW DELETE!!!!
I Made. A Mistake
My ex's know they made a mistake but I'm not fucking wit em.
Im just human I made a Mistake im a teenager im still learning. :/
*siggghhh ! i think I made a HUGE mistake . . . .
I just made a mistake and called Cee Cee a bitch and the same room as her mom.. didn't see here.. lol
I've made a serious mistake, I gope it's not to late to fix the heart I'm breaking
I made a mistake an i sent my tweets to the people in my phone wmh
I think I made a big mistake
Once upon a time I made the biggest mistake of my life...
i use to say that you werent a "mistake" just a lesson learned, but now im taking that back because you are the worst mistake i ever made...
I'm too old for games esp with you...recall werent you a mistake I made this past summer?
I dont think I made a mistake but I think . . . . Idk wht I think im confused , where's my diary ????
I made a big mistake I'm starting to regret... nd I dnt regret doin a lot of shit
-Ohkay I get it, I made a mistake. STOP REMINDING ME!
Go ahead, move on, forget all of our memories, forget I even exist, but when you realize you made a huge mistake, don't try to come back.
She is an awesome person inside and out she made a mistake but I can't let go because of it ill hurt even more
never made a mistake like this now i gotta get my shawty back
I Made A Mistake. Never Will That Shit Happen Again.
I made a mistake but It's my birthday so I can do that -Lebron James :p
That is literally all I'm asking. Don't hold it against me. I made a mistake. I'm sure you have too
I must admit, having a credit card was the worst mistake i've ever made
I MADE A FUCKING MISTAKE. I SAID SOMETHING STUPID AND IM FOREVER SORRY. Don't bring it up & make me feel like shit all over again.
I pinky nail was pretty & I made a mistake and bit it off
& I made a mistake . He had 10 Ast .
In 2011, I made a bloody hell big mistake. I trusted people way too easily. I'm not gonna repeat this mistake in 2012.
Okay I get it, I made a mistake. STOP REMINDING ME!
nigga said "I made a mistake but it's my birthday so it don't matter"....ok Lebron lol smh
But I think I made a mistake letting these two in my bed. I may never sleep.
Yeah I dun made a mistake. I'm finna regret this smh
I made a huge mistake this week .. FUCK !!
 I made a mistake by looking over u
Woah! Thought I was having a sick tummy, but turned out that I had made a mistake in taking vits before breakfast!
i think i made a mistake...
"@TheSickOutrun: Guys, it's "a lot" not "alot." I see people making that mistake alot." Lmao you just made it
Hopefully I wake up intime to watch the game, or i'ma be HIGHLY pissed .. they made a stupid mistake tryna make the game early !
I gave Hayden four vitamins and he just ate a lot of candy....I just made a big mistake.
I think you made your greatest mistake, I'm not gonna call this a break. Think you really blew it this time..
I made this mistake of thinking that home run was part of a long at-bat, so I wasn't ready
oops .. i made a mistake
Ok so I made a mistake.......shoot me..
Looks like someone made a mistake on my phone. I'm not complaining though.
I think he thinks he made a mistake now.
I made a mistake that will haunt me now...
I made the mistake of spraying GIO in a car. I now smell like a man and of a man i miss so very much. Washing my jacket STAT!
I made a huge mistake in 2011! All I can say is two words! GRANNY SLiP! <<< smh (insider)
You A Liar, Cheater, Deceiver, Heartbreaker. I Won't Let You Back In My Life I'm Not Making The Same Mistake I Made Before
If I Had A Dollar For Every Mistake In A Relationship I've Made I Would Be Paid.!
Damn .. I made a mistake ..
I'm just a human. I made a mistake. And I'm just a teenager. I'm still learning :)
I made a huge mistake
I hate when after I tweet something.. I realize I made a mistake.
I Hate When People Are So Quick To Judge And They Act Like They Never Made A Mistake
Wondering If i Made a MIstake ...
I made a big mistake!!!! Omg I waited wrong airport!
I'm salty Marshon Brooks made a rookie mistake.. It's cool.
I just made a mistake
I once thought that I had made a mistake, but I was mistaken.
It's the way I feel, I know I made a mistake, now it's too late, and I know you ain't coming back..
Just realized I made a mistake in my last tweet. It's suppose to say got.
Despite every mistake I made this year I don't regret a single thing because to regret it would mean I didn't learn a thing, but I did learn
I'm made a really big mistake... I'm sorry.
yet another bitch nigga i made a mistake with
If you @ me telling me abt a punctuation mistake I've made in a tweet I will hate you forever and secretly want to murder your arrogant ass.
Your Simply Just A Mistake I Shldnt Have Made....But Nobody's Perfect So Ill Take That One.
I feel like i just made a mistake texting you .
I know how to admit when I'm wrong or when I've made a mistake
August 15 was the day I made a big mistake.  . There's nothing I can do to change it .. If I could go back in time I would but I cant ...
I honestly made a huge mistake. And I miss her like crazy. But nothing I can do now.
Made the silly mistake of having a tomato & cheese sammy 1 1/2 hrs before my Atlas pizza came. 2 slices and I'm too full
I Know im annoying Wiff My Sorry Tweets But I Upset The One I Love, And I Need Her To Know That I Made A Mistake&Hopes She Forgives Me :'(
I'm so sorry my followers I made a mistake its missing 26 hours and 25 minutes for 2012 ,I'm sorry. Dreamers :)
I feel like smacking myself when I notice I made a spelling mistake on one of my tweets!!! -_____-
Ijuss made a mistake & toLd muy gmaa lick muy ass Smh I'm sorry yooungin
Clearly I have made a very heavy mistake in my opinion of people's opinions of me.
Who knew i would miss you even when im home ... I made a mistake...
I think I made a mistake..
i'm pretty sure i made a mistake i'll regret later.. but that's apart of growing up
Think you made your greatest mistake, I'm not gonna call this a break.
Soon as they popped my gate i know these muthafuckas had made a mistake.
REALLY. YOU HAD TO CORRECT MY GRAMMAR BECAUSE OF A STUPID MISTAKE I MADE TALKING ABOUT ME AND JORDAN
I made a mistake & pressed ignore when bugsy called ... ^_^ He'll talk shit later
Someone kill me for I have made a mistake on inviting a second friend over now I'm being excluded and I'm sad
Tomorrow it'll be a year since I made one big mistake.
Good bye 2011: Treat every mistake I made AS A LESSON to make me a BETTER PEOPLE!
I knew i made a mistake trusting you again. Why oh why did I do that
No wait my mistake I need an ounce in a bag. Super high me flow on the champaign campain elect me I've popped ever bottle ever made.
so i made the mistake of watching a documentary on babies & now i fear for my life. .
Wow, I made a big mistake. I said Nathan met a 10 years old boy at the airport. It was actually a 3 years old boy. Sorry =/
Okay, I get it, I made a mistake bitch, STOP REMINDING ME."
I made a big mistake . With a lil boy
i aint stupid i jus made a mistake
Damn ANNIE FUCKED UP!!!! Made a mistake and made my baby mad!!! I am soooo SORRY!!!!!!
Yeah i made a mistake... who are you to judge me?
it's ok you're just a mistake that i made & learned from.
I made a mistake and hit a hood flashback, a nigga was looking at me and I ask him wut the f*** you look at¡$mh
Watching the video for the song that made me angry was a mistake. I now have an overwhelming urge to punch the man repeatedly in the balls.
I made a mistake ..
Always curious whether I made a mistake, till I remember why I made the decision.
Just made the biggest deal of my life thus far. I really hope I'm not making a mistake..
i chose the board game, teen sister is already playing "one republic" from her iPad. ive made a huge mistake
I made that mistake loaded my cupid arrow with a cargo full of nut space
I wish I'd I had a time machine. I think I made a mistake. -_-
So i made a big mistake, try to see it once my way.
'cos i made a stupid mistake~~
Just made a mistake and texted OOMF what i ment to tweet damn.
I wish more than anything you would call me and tell me you made a mistake, but wishes don't come true.
made a mistake & hit the end button ! cause I was tweeting . . Lls
Realizing I've made a mistake
“@YouCallTheShots: Whenever I made a mistake, I can't stop thinking how stupid it was.”
my parents piss me TF off , like seriously . i made a fckn MISTAKE . get tf over it ! FCK .
yo guys i made a mistake before... he called sage gorgeous and pure. i mixed up the names like i always do
OH SHIT. I MADE A MISTAKE :o
Yep definitely made a big mistake tonight bring on tomorrows messy antics so I forget it ever happened :S
Guess I made a fuckin mistake
what if i made a  big mistake the other day?
bored.,,,,fuck. i made a mistake
3 days ago and it would of been a year ago i made the biggest mistake of my life.
I've made a mistake! I get it! Quit ridin my dick! It'll get fixed!
Reminiscing back when i made that mistake . i wish it never ended with a heartbreak .
im sorry i made a mistake but life didnt come with instructions
I made a stupid mistake and my world crashed down all around me and now I'm searching every face in the crowd for you, For you...
Ive just made a mistake haven't i?
Made a big mistake. It's a mistake for me to make a mistake as big as said mistake, so I'm thinking it through.
Only mistake I made in 2011 was almost wifin up a hoe that's the only regret I have
Every mistake I've made leaves a scar that burns every day, yet still I carry on. - AskingAlexandria
them. So I'm convinced I made a big mistake :'( and I'm afraid this one can't be undone this time *sigh* when will I learn to stop being so
Hoping I can make it disappear ..I could be a million miles from here, but obligation made me stay & as long as I did that's my mistake..
yeah ok i made a mistake, just leave me alone.
Ewes god I made a mistake by clicking on your twitpic
Absolutely hate having this talk. I know I was a mistake ans shouldn't have made it, thanks for reminding me.. eh f tonight.
"hey i won that fair and square, i lost 10 pounds and dyed my hair!" "we really made a big mistake don't you think her boobs look fake"
I'm ready for tenth grade y'all juss don't know how ready I am... made a mistake last year n repeated but I got it under control this year
I'm Hers, and telling me about how you THINK you made a mistake ain't gonna change that
Bon Iver is a band, not a person. I see this mistake made all the time.
I made a mistake & gave my dog warm water in his bowl.. Lol he gave me this crazy ass look..
I swear ive made a mistake that i regret now and forever but ill get over it *smiles*
made the biggest mistake of my life this year, but no matter what anyone says I have NO regrets because its a brilliant story!
I hate reading tweets after posting them and realising you have made a mistake and I do it all the, woops.
I never made a mistake and call a guy another name durning sex, but i sholl thought about someone else when we fuckin though lol >>> 103!
I made a mistake and went in my bed -__-
I made a mistake & pushed the wrong button on the vending machine so instead of giving me a coke ' I got a diet coke -_______-
I've made a mistake and I'm sorry :/
That's a big mistake you just made Tia. You never say fuck the Illuminati. I hope you're ready for whatever comes your way.
lOll Thass Why When You Picked Her Over Me, You Made A Big Assss Mistake, I Bet You Regret It Now ;)
What I have learned in 2011 will definitely propel me into greatness in 2012! Every mistake made is a lesson learned :)
Made a mistake back den n I deal wit it everyday...
I think I just made a mistake -____-
Suddenly realised what a silly mistake I've made
Can't help but think i've made a mistake
This is a mistake I've made in real life.
Thinking that maybe I made a bad mistake this year buhhh With 2012 I will be not focusing on my problems put on how to stay closer to God
I just booked a massage and my lead masseuse texts me, saying that she thinks I made a mistake and booked myself a massage...
lady sent me an email saying I was on academic suspension and I was over her freaking out the. She sent me another saying she made a mistake
OH. then i met someone really cute, then i made a big mistake, got a second chance fucked up again, then i fell in love now i hear i am
So I jus made a mistake n called the deliver boy "babe" then I said oops damn now yu gotta die ...... Lol he looked so scared
they made a huge mistake with my schedule so three days next week I go in at 4am.
God, i made a mistake.
awkward if I made a spelling mistake there
Hold up,I made a mistake&favord a tweet,My B!
I Remember When I Got My Ass Ate For The First Time I Was Really Nervous I Made A Mistake & Passed Gas Than Shitted Diarrhea On His Tongue
All because I made a mistake and called her Mysia...
so i think i made a mistake case im getting annoyed with your tweets.
You'll realize soon enough that you made a huge mistake, but by then, it'll be too late. I'm gone.
Whenever I made a mistake, I can't stop thinking how stupid it was."
I think I've made a terrible mistake.. Everything happened way to fast.
I made a mistake & poked terrell in the eye... Funniest mistake ever lol (cry baby) :p
If I discover that the pizza place is going to give me the pizza they sent with someone else by mistake, a scene might be made.
I made a mistake .... Maybe I shouldnt have said it
oh geez, if only i had a time machine. ive made the biggest mistake of my life
I made a mistake, and i'm sorry
I hate when people bring up a mistake I made a long time ago.
Just made the mistake of reading a work email and now it's going to play on my mind until I can deal with it on Tuesday.
I done made a mistake for life time.. This ain't right never will be.
Imm not gonna way 2011 Was a big mistake because, I made mistakes that I learned from &therefore in 2012 Imma strive to not make them again.
Excuse my punctuations! I know I made a mistake or two. It was my first one, so be nice ☺ :)
"@mikkidavies5: Ughhhhhhhhh I need someone to talk to... I made a mistake:/" what's wrongg :(
I Feel Like I Never Made a Mistake In My Life , Cause The Only Real Mistakes Are The Ones You Dont Learn From
ohh no! i made a mistake
i made a mistake.. ill admit tht..
Omg i just made a mistake! Plz forgive me!!! D=
Something is telling me I made a mistake! I don't wanna think that ah lord help me.
I made a mistake dam....I can't be trusted I don't know what I wan there down falls two both things dam...I can't choose
Lol should of stayed hunting tonight guess I made a mistake!! Not going to happen again trust me !
Omg i just made the worst mistake of my life by going into the kitchen and getting a drink....QpvtnI
Next time Idm gonna fall for someone who will make me feel that loving them was the great decision I ever made , not just a mistake .
So I made a big mistake, try to see it on my way!
My Bump Had Got Little , But As Soon As I Made A Mistake &' Hit It , It Got Back Biqqer # , Pissed );
I have fat fingers. Whenever I try and correct a mistake in a tweet I made near the dashes (in the picture) it selects 'Send' and 'Close.'
Omg i just made the worst mistake of my life by going into the kitchen and getting a drink....AVOjI
Made a mistake this morning it should be hooterville ok. My pet name for the small town I live in.
You guys are REALLYY mean to me. i know i made a HUGE mistake but have a heart to forgive!!i have feelings u know :(
I just don't know! Gingrich on many occasions faced the press and said he made a mistake. Now it is being used against him in Iowa! SAD!!!
this afternoon I made a big mistake, I let you go, but I'm sooo happy that I have you back.
i made a mistake please forgive me
I feel like I just made a big mistake though
As a child you can be so trusting so naive. I made this mistake.
dam I just made the mistake of asking a non driving nigga for directions and he got me lost.
I Will NEVER Call An Ex A MISTAKE Cause She Once Made Me Happy.
Wait I made a mistake
grandma called aunt elaine today when she was tryna call her friend. she gone say "shit i made a mistake!" kmsl
I've Made A lot Of Mistakes In My Life, And The Mistake I Knoe I Didn't Make Was Telling Yooh How Much I Love Yooh. ♥
Just made a mistake...listened to a talk by RC Sproul on limited atonement & now have headache. Love his teaching but think I disagree some.
-___- “@JaSoRude I went to retweet Kayla and almost made a mistake and reported her as spam . Jtfooo”
Driving back to Lancaster because my boss made a mistake and I get to fix it ftw. >_>
I went to retweet Kayla and almost made a mistake and reported her as spam . Jtfooo
I've made a huge mistake tonight, i just hope that we just move on.
You have no idea how sorry I am and I realize I made a big mistake but I'm just not ready ... :"(
Lasttime I checked im sorry means I made a mistake and it wont happen again not ima keep doing stuff and say it until I'm sorrys meaningless
"@comedyortruth: I'm just a human. I made a mistake & I'm just a teenager. I'm still learning."
I think I just made a big mistake cx
Made the mistake of letting someone else do my eyebrows today. I now have uneven eyebrows. Huge chunk missing from one. I look like a moron
I made a huge mistake and you made him your whole life. That's what happened. I'm honestly sorry that happened.
I hate when people repeatedly talk about a mistake I made
'My tattoo is peeling/flaking like crazy today, and I made the mistake of eating a coconut macaroon shortly after. >
I gave it to you and you made it a mess. You made a mistake, so fucking admit it.
I made a mistake *cries*
I made a mistake u r my world doe so I'm goin to make it up!!!
i made a mistake but i dnt regret o,hmph,its even funny
I made a mistake and drove into the sidewalk today. Scared tf outta me, i thought i got in an accident lmaooo
I love my cousin bt I think I made a mistake
Smfh I made a mistake trusting you but don't worry I'll never make that mistake with you or anyone else again :-)
It's not that I'm fake I made a mistake and got u caught up on my mistake I'msorry but I need I to forgive me but Ifeel like Ikno the real u
santa claus made a mistake. i only look nice. . .:P
Fuck I made a mistake!!
Soo the company made a mistake on everybody's check. Praise Him!! I got more money coming to me!! lol!
I made a stupid mistake and I learned from it
My first mistake I made was down grading and giving you a chance.
If I tell you a mistake that I’ve made, it’s because I trust you not to judge me for it.
Ooohhh i jux made a mistake and hung up in oomf face ..mybadd folk
So they started picking on me thinking I wasn't a rebel n ish! Biggest mistake made!
"@Eshh_: I made a mistake, :(:("awww esh , call My Brozay
I made a mistake, :(:(
I know I felt that way before... I felt worthless b/c of mistakes i made.. But that didnt mean i was a mistake !!
all you do is scream at me,it's not my fault,you made the mistake,trust me if j had a choice I wouldn't be here either.
i made a mistake & hung up in taye face ;(
I really dislike wen some1 brings up someone past that they knw they made a mistake n trying to leave it behind. If they lettin go..u let go
Thinking Like Damn I Jus Made A Big Mistake :(
I made the mistake of not switching out of my Steelers sweater before attending a hockey game. Now its assumed I have the sports knowled ...
i made a mistake..........
If you're a mistake.. I'm glad I made it :)
Dawg I jus made a mistake a cut big piece of chunk off my pinky =( this shit hurt so bad. .I think I need stitches
Shit fuck i made a mistake, .I thought i needed a break
i really love you; and if we made a mistake; at least its with the right person.
every mistake ive made . leaves a scar that burns every day . yet still i carry on.
Fuck your past and ya ex niggas they all made a mistake I showed that to you your my queen but hey..
My mom is a young momma. She was a teenage mom, I'm the best mistake she's ever made ;)
I hate sending a tweet then realising i made a spelling mistake.
I never made a mistake, I thought I did once but I was mistaken.
I made a mistake once again. *shrugs*
I went out, made a stupid mistake, i stopped returnin calls, went on a few dates.
 that phone call was blocked I made a mistake and answer  
I'm going to Claire's later to buy the store. They made a big mistake making one right by my house.
its starting to hit me, that your not with me, i realized i made a mistake
Anyone can hurt someone they love  .Hearts will break .'Cause I made a stupid mistake
I realized i made a HUGE mistake , iM so sorry hpe yhu forqive meh :(
In my last tweet..I made a stupid mistake that was supposed to be 2 hunnit..thank you.
i have just realized that i had made a mistake in the begining of my aw2 dialogue, i mixed up sturm and hawke
So I may have made a mistake with my new years promise =\
