18yr 18yr nd on his 18 b-day he found out wasn't even his <------- i'd b guhh if i was him lls
A boy found a used condom & asked his Mom what it was: Mom replied: "A Twinkie wrapper" He said: "Good because I licked all the cream out"
Since I dont have a polka dotted or checkered shirt, I wore a plain shirt. I searched for something checkerd and found a boxers :)))) hahaha
Found out i read my schedule wrong and only work to 12. Not 3. Best news ive ever received. Especially with the whole hour of sleep i got.
I found 50 bucks. Fuck. Yes.
Most memorable moments of 2011 . .Found out I was born with one kidney. And my brother was born with 3. Favorites mother?
I found my sis lol : )
Omgsh I found a small piece of wood in one of them costco muffins kmt
2011, it has been a great yr. I graduated. Found a job. Had very awesome colleagues. Met a grp of awesome shopaholics. I love 2011. :)
Living life like I found a check with no ink.. Boii
Thank god i found the good in goodbye! (:
Headed to my moms Kenzie is about to flip when she see I found her game went to 5 stores finally found it
How I take up wit rihanna song "we found love" playn n mid head..lol Smh...
found out the reason I didn't get a new car for Christmas.. My mom got a new set for her wedding ring that was the down payment.
I've found it
Driving a car with only one seat does have its disadvantages I've found out aha
It wasn't creepy til I found out u were digging me then it just got really weird. Lol
Just getting some new music for my iPod. I have found some good music. some I didn't know the name to I now do.
I found my cat.!!
2012? Since I found its easier  get ideas for my account then to get a love...so there I go..make my dream come true..see the world
I found my iPod!
Yayyyy i found ittt...and it has gold buttons!!!! :)
I found this Tumblr about social anxiety things and I can't help but think most of the things relate so much to me.
I just found out that "P" refreshes your timeline on ubersocial. You're welcome
eating my cold subway.. been starving fer the last 2hrs... just found it under the paperwork i was sposed to have done
i found my self in the middle nowhere
I CAN'T FOUND MY WAY, boy i need your change ♥
Everyone, I found the perfect hangover cure: Scrambled Eggs and Air Hockey. I know it sounds crazy but go with me on this
I have always had the best Dad ever. Luckily I found someone that could do that for Quinn.
Sammie, the stray chihuahua I found a few weeks ago, gave birth to 7 puppies last night! I'll post pictures in a few hours.
Yayy I found a kickback with the girls for tonight :-) I'm happy ^.^
I wanna live life like i found a check w/ NO ink
I just found a pair of my Jordan shorts..... on my dad -_-
And now, here you found somebody new and that I never meant that much to you.
Last night I was so pissed. So I washed down my anger with 6 martini's and a pill I found on the floor
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. Maya Angelou
I gues when u said foreva, u meant until u found sum1 beta
We Found Love plays I don't know, 5 million times a day on this station! -_-
It done been alot of stuff I found my self in & you stuck by a bitch like my left hand!
I feel like niggas done found one of my old phones......
I used to love big Sean b4 I found out he dissed YM... now I'm like "who r u?" That's just wrong... I still will bump his music though lol
So I found out the stuff on my hands is contact dermatitis and every time I do the dishes it makes it worse :D
I love that I have found a great friend in Ohio... To bad I rarely see him due to life.
2011_i found out that I still have a heart
I am not destined for horticultural fame. .Forgetting plant names is to my eternal shame. .Being an eternal amnesiac I found no aphrodisiac.
I thought rowling had went a bit far when i found out Fred had died in harry potter :(
Just found out that two of my favorite people got engaged last night!! Yay!! I'm so happy for Dane & Kim!!
So I went on my brothers facebook account and added all my friend, and now he found out ... Shit
I found man bear pig
Hm. I think I found it. :)
OH MY FUCKING GOD! I JUST FOUND OUT THAT I GOT THE JOB I WANTED =D
I just found ryan gosling was doing stage dive when American Nightmare and Kid Dynamite on stage. Hardcore boys on top:)#best2011
What I just found out is that I absolutely suck in wrapping presents and hate to do it.
Thank GOD I found my excedrin!!
So my mum gave me a bottle opener/key chain as a christmas present yet she would kill me if she found out i drink
Girl I know it's real cause I've been around it. You only want what's real you just never found it
These girls must b on something if they think I didn't go to MTL cuz of a guy.. Like I wouldn't have found the dick there or something.. LOL
i cant believe i found my glasses finally 1 year later :D :D im extra happy right now
I've found a way to get sick on my BDAY and New Years Eve SMH
I have a new found obsession with Ice Hockey
Found what I was looking for... It's time to pursue it
can't believe that I caught my man cheating so I found another way to make him pay for it all so I went to Neiman-Marcus on a shopping spree
I guest I must Found My knitting Before....Fireworks started!
As a journalist, I found 2011 a bit boring; I hope 2012 will be more exciting.
I just found out something that made me so happy :)
2011 was a great year! I graduated college, started grad school, made new friends, found old ones, and I still have the best family ever!
Have I found you? .Flightless bird, jealous, weeping .Or lost you? .American mouth .Big pill looming
Most of the artists I listened to as a child either turned weird or are seex addicted. Thank GOD I found Christian Hip Hop & Gospel
20 years ago today I was packing my bags to move to NYC. I expected only surprises and experience. I found more.
Just found out Nicki was in london last night, I am frickin MAD!!!
What I found, in this town. I'm heading for a breakdown.
I wish you all found in the new year, all you're looking for!
Sammie, the stray chihuahua I found a few weeks ago, give birth to 7 puppies last night. I'll post pictures in a few hours.
Thanks for those people who really gimme some awesome memories in 2011 ! Thanks God I found you guys :))
"@TeensInLove: I've finally found that life goes on without you and my world still turns when you're not around."
Great day beginning had to change a tire at 8 in the AM and found out I needed 4 new tires... Beautiful start GOD IS GOOD!!! HAPPY NEW YEARS
Just found the most gone off sandwich ever in my school bag... I gagged it was so bad
I just found a blond hair in my hair. I have dark dark brown hair, how does this work?!
Hell yeah. I just found a bottle of everclear. My new years just gor a lot better.
Lol I've checked my settings and found out  that I've been tweeting since May 22, 2011 haha
Omg I just found Tony lil green knuckles thing he Gave to Meeee!  & my old keys lol .. free him!
So I just found out that 2012 is a leap year!!!
I was soooooo happy when I found out Torres joined Chelsea. Because I was once a liverpool-head because of him lol
In 2011 I smoked sooo much tree, lls lost alot of friends made new ones,found the most amazin bf C: & a new life was born<3! 2012 legooo
2011 brought me many tears n happiness. I end the year happy cause i've found that special someone. I hope tht 2012 brings me more happiness
3 laps down and I found out I didn't have a ankle chip
Eurgh. I've found myself watching desperate scousewives really lee. REALLY.
and i still havent found anything to do tonight, im close to just saying "fuck it".
I still havent found anythin to do tonight :/
am always hapi when i hear 4rm her esp when she tells me she luvs me. Oooo thank God i found u quickly. Love u nd love u more more nd bigger
The most amazing thing happened this year. I went looking for love..& found ME instead. :)
Gotta Go Somewhere Tonight Where I'm Guaranteed To Hear... We Found Love, I'Ma Boss, Niggas In Paris, Give Me Everything & Palance
2011-few heartbreaks&losing friends. But over the last few months I've found true friendship and family and the true meaning of happiness :)
I wanted to see Beastly but then I found out Vanessa Hudgens was in it so I was like no..
I had a dream I found 4 full bags of weed in my room
Found a program I fell in love with, it was in Thunder Bay, me thinking oh boy that's like a 4 hour drive..yeah it's actually 18 hours away
Nevermind I'll found someone like youuuu.......................................@LidyaRusly
Thank fuck I found my tweezers ☺
Mama found my warranty for my laptop..hopefully I can get a New Laptop...
in 2011 i found me, i learnd to not care wat ppl think, learnd dat it doesnt matta cuz everybody goin they own way, plus.... y worry myself?
I Found Better When I Left You .
Just found out I got NBA league pass
I say fuck dat nigga you think you found.
its useless to become a BILLIONAIRE if he's SOMEWHERE IN BROOKLYN . He's nowhere to be found , and I wonder WHO IS bringing him there
I have just found a half pack of cigarettes in every hoodie I own! Win for me but WTF?!
Gabrielle, glad u finally found a good man. Loved u for 5 years, but even though it wasn't mutual, glad u found a good man. I moved on.
I found this hilarious but Teddy Pinherass...lol
*he sits down on the sofa, beckons her over. goes over and he hugs her. 'I found that new phone. He brought it, didn't he?' *she nods.
Thn ini, finally I found him :-) meski perjalanannya sdkt berliku..I hope you my future, amin..#2011
Found a copy of Doom the movie for 5 CHF, perfect as i work my way through the Shores of Hell
Where is My Knitting!? I will Be Die if not Found it!
when zayn's cleaner found him dancing with full-naked body.. and i was.. i'm going to be ur cleaner now! no salary bby!
Im watchin these dogs play with my old bones. I feel like dudes done found one of my old phones.
Smfh I can't believe I lost that shit.  My morning is not going good right now till I just found that out
I should've went n found me supm yesterday instead of 2day...
The greater achievement for me in 2011 is that i have found myself back!! I know what i want for my life and thanks God for loving me :-)
I liked you before you pledged and now it's like "Eh.." I am proud of your new found confidence tho. It suits you well :)
2011 I found YOU....looking forward 2012 to be with YOU....Happy New Year to all...:))
In 2011 I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , & I Learned To Do Better WIth My Life
: Found out my mama gave my money away for my car to get fixed today. Said that she'll give it back Tues. Tf?! I always come second or last!
I just found out that the fag vampire from twilight is gonna be the main bad guy in the new matrix movie. The fuck?!
-We found love + oh ok rihanna ok , if I found money yes yes I ll found love too
I found a new hobby
I hope that u will found all u want and your dream to be realised
Never mind I found someone like you (:
June was the month i found myself walking through the valley of the shadow of death
Jadah Found The Back To My Phone ! :) ....... I still need a New Phone tho :/
Artists that I found out about this year: The Weeknd, Frank Ocean....
Found myself today singing out loud ur name. U say I'm crazy. If I am im crazy for u :)
I just found my teletubby costume.  Looks like I will be dressed appropriately for ringing in the new year.
Happy New Year people. thank you for being part of my year 2011. especially to my new found friends~ i love you all ^^
The future teller told mi those things, and firstly I tot is fake! But after 1 year, and I found it true..
I found my class ring 
So my daughter likes to bite and spit at people. I think I just found my ticket to jail!!!
and fuck i tweeted that at my pers ac and its like the last day of 2011 and ppl found out how crazy i am hahahahafldkfsjf
“She was fly...but a loser..@SoleFood Growing up I found denise huxtable unattractive because she was so sorry. I still feel this way.”
looked in the fridge and i couldnt find the lurpak, i almost cried. but then i found it
Matsebenesh lewa7de ya 7abebtchy RT@SamiolaX Yup finally I found you again my lovely friend
Iam happy to say I found lis dvds de la reina del sur wooohoo...
Think i should tidy my room more often, found £20, new eyelashes, pandora charm i thought id lost but best of all sims3!
Can't believe I just found out the score line :'(...guess we have to move on and bounce back
Lol I just found the "ancient" album
2011: maybe the worst year ever. On top of that, i've found a new me. A better me.
Nearly had to wear my white bra straps with my black bra then.. I just found the black straps with my socks..?
I found my ipod ’ that i havent saw in years ! :O
I feel bad for that lady family who was found murdered and her soon 2 be ex-husband is a suspect smh
I've been waiting all my life, and now I found you. I don't know what to do, I think I'm falling for you.
"@MissYummyMama: 2011 has defo been a good one, I found me x" so sweet....
I found my chargers :) lol
Never knew wat I was missinq but I knew once we start kissing I found out!
Looking back at this last year I have has highs and lows, made great friends and found a sport that I love, thank you everyone!
2MA IS A NEW YR SO I FOUND THE GOOD IN GOODBYE IN 2011!! and as of toma im not messing with 2body man but tonite shit until 11:59 its crackn
I'm glad they have arrested Tariq's mother, after him being found dead. Parents need a wake up call. Have sex comes with responsibility.
I'm Not Lookin For Love But When It Found Me It Got Me Lol
i found my cube thing that i made in tech ed last year and I can't remember how to put it together :L
Thank god i found a good in GOODBYE :))
So relieved I finally found my car keys... Not stranded at Patrick's anymore
I passed out yesterday. Found my self on that bathroom floor. Fuck!
6-I found a guy tht I rly love .. Dumi...
2011 was great because I found 9gag
lookin for a hairstyle, think I found one too
Found out that the college I was meant to be attending this January was a block away from Chelsea. Great!
I found one. You people are so unhelpful.
I Just Found Money In My Pocket .
i found my white nike shorts :)
Don't have to be at work til 11, found that out when I got there at 8:40...lol oh well, more coffee for me!!!
Just when I thought my battery was dying, I found the plug!
Have I found you, flightless bird?
I really like beyonce's love on top song.. I just havent found that kind of love yet.. But in due time.. We shall see...
I finally found you
Just found out I'm stuck in the hospital for another night. NOT HAPPY. And I'm gonna need more books.
Started my day w/a shower, where i found that my little brother squeezed out my brand new bottle of expensive shower gel i got4christmas : (
Found a whole load of cutlery in the dishwasher that I had forgotten about!! Ooops.
Start using path but found no frd on it. Sad? I guess I never got enough geek frds.
I hope in 2012 I found new something (˘ʃƪ˘)
Hm my contacts failed me . My twitter fam failed me . I went to facebook and I found plans for tonight . Looks like fb aint so bad .
I just found out I'm paying to much on my phone damn
found my old signed school shirt with the message-'I will miss your weekend antics. Mr t' who is mr t and how does he know about my wkends!
Ok I found stevia in the uk, revital do it, but it's not on the website, and states not for human consumption!!!
me & my coussss , going to thank god for another year  , at church tonight , cus i could have been one of those bodies found in 2011 .
Had a dream I found my dream purse. now does Michael Kors make a black leather handbag? It was to die for...mission accepted!
Just found this Note to Self on my calendar as I prepare for the New Year: Don't do laundry on Sunday mornings--it will make you cranky." HA
Yeah I'm listing to Rhianna - We found love. And I don't care who knows, because in 2012 ill be a changed man :D loool
I found the documentary "Norway Massacre: The Killer's Mind" fascinating and scary.
I can't explain how happy I am tonight. Finally, I found you myFHA♥. thank you so much for everything :'D
Found a bottle of water under the couch I slept on... there IS a god
I found myself even more blessed as everyday came becuase I decided NOT to stress anymore about anything! Anything that I had NO control
Oh i found it !
I FOUND THE CAT OMG
This year is gonna be the year that I'll try to find what makes myself happy. . So far I've found one thing already :)
Despite the fact that I had some bad times, they were worth it because I found out who my true friends are
Found it found it! :) Hihi. Now i can read all those old messages.
Dear 2011,  it's not u it's me.  U knew I was fickle when we first met. I found 2012.... But I will always luv u; U were so good to me.
I'm hungry !!! Bout time my appetite found its way back -___-
i just found all of the x factor 1D performance on my phone from like a year ago. omg crying. -em
In 2011 I grew up a lot. Heard the honest truth about myself and had to make a change. I now hate pasta. I also found my other half <3
Omg!!!!! I turn on the news to see that this lady who filed a restraining order at my job on her ex was found dead!!!!
Wat a night I found out dat I cnt trust everybody smh but me nd stank gon bring newyearseve in together <3
I just found 2 £20 notes in a pair of old jeans.  Best year ever now!
God was showing off when he created you, and slow but sure enough I finally found you.
When I get back from JVille if I still want/can afford the shoes then I'll buy them. Found replicas in a store in Tally but no deep blue.
On a momentous note, I finished 'One Day' today. Wanted to hate it, but found that I couldn't. Rather brilliant, actually, darn it.
Looking back at this year I have had highs and lows, I have made great friends and found I sport that I love, thank you to everyone!
Yessss just found out i can go to two competitions this year. Thank you spring break
2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned
I hate liars! Just found out my friend texted me lol even though her laughter was not actually out loud.
Boosted just found out I close early tonight :)
Think I may have just found the right balance of sweet and spicy in my salsa recipe...
I FOUND MY BBSSS
i found myself supporting arsenal...huh! wake up kikki
I found it!!!!! Lls
found what i needed from wal-mart :)
Have I found you flightless bird, jealous, weeping or lost you, american mouth♥
I found my scrabble necklace. My life can resume now.
Found today that a 2nd employee is pregnant....not looking forward to 9 months of "I can't, I'm pregnant"
If I found someone who looked like a rolling stone, that would be perfect. Need personality too though.
Thank God I found the good in goodbye...Adios 2011!
When I need you, you can't be found. .I want someone who's around for me.
If i dont be done found anything to do by 10 i probably wont leave my house....nigga not tryna get shot or hit by a drunk driver before 2012
I hate liars! Just found out my friend texted me lol even though her laughter wa snot actually out loud.
I am beyond excited for the bands I'm seeing in the new year, can't fucking wait! New Found Glory, Sum 41, AVA and most importantly, BLINK!
i just found the track when i went on toose lmaoo
O shyt i have to tell nikita sumtin i found out yesterday lol
Girl I Know Whats Real Cause , I've Been Around It. You Only Want What's Real , You Just Never Found It !!
I've been wasting my time, makes me glad I found you
I found the two unfollowers.. I'm a pretty awesome detective ;)
I've been getting them so often I've found it hard to listen to music. I'm dying here. ;P
I think I finally found what I was looking for!!
Why have I been friends with someone for like 5 years and I just found out today that he has 4 kids and 1 on the way..priorities bro..smh
I found out that I could b with no other
I can honestly say I found true lovee.. &nd I didnt see it comin - that ish jus slapped me in my face lol
Not the way I planned on starting 2012 after 1hr both  dogs accounted for so all is good, finally found pumbah at a party down the road
gigwalk found bug in android app. Where should I report it?
Perfect traveling song: I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For by U2
I've found my best memories of 2011 :D
I found somebody to do my hair
Was searching for eyelash glue everywhere, thought we didn't have any but I found some hidden..phew! Haha
just found out i gotta get rid of ALL my bieber stuff. i'm actually crying.
Just When I Though I Found Me Someone I Can Roll With...
found so many thing i thought i had lost when i emptied my car!
I think I found my girl, if it's YOU then Holla ;)
SKINNYMANDRIA! I have finally found that episode!!
I'm glad you found fulfillment and peace.. Is it a signal for me to leave..?
I found this huge golden box down stares which I thought It would be perfect to my papers in,so I stole it,finders keepers right?
...I met the most amazing people, and found what i want to do with the rest of my life. Now, its time to make it happen in 2012. :)
So hold your hand out if you hear me, I've been searching but all that I've found is every where that I go youre standing alone in the c ...
Namaste....dear diary I found my dream job
Apologies for the grump, but I've always found the superstitious nonsense and inane sentiment around New Year ridiculous...
Today in dating myself: I somehow found a way to use the phrase "virtual reality" into normal conver
Oo I found macarons from Laduree in my fridge mm yumyum
I'm so glad I found him.
The 12 year old QPR mascot is called Linda. Just something I found quite funny
2011 was almost like 2010. Except i grew up some, fought, found love (and happy), went job hunting erryday. New SHIT for me!
OMG OMG Portobello is aweeeesomeeeeee!!! I didn't find them but they found me..
Good morning Twitfolk guess what.... I found my wallet!! :)
2011 was almost like 2010. Xept i grew up some, fought, found love (and happy), went job hunting erryday. New SHIT for me!
If Shrek can found love,why can't I? But not in an ogre-love-making way thats for sure. Haha.
So, after all of this looking.. I finally found the right apartment. I'm still debating on getting a roommate or not.
omfg i found a shit load of korean channels on tv jfc
i just found all of the x factor 1D performance on my phone from like a year ago. omg crying.
- I'll find the things they say just can't be found  ♫
Thank God I found good in Goodbye
Omgggg I found the autobiography I wrote in the 10th grade !! I'm so like amazed at how good I worded things !!
I once prayed to god for a bike, but quickly found out he didnt work that way...so I stole a bike and prayed for his forgiveness
after only having had my camera for a few days during the summer, i lost it. Literally just found it in my brothers room..#imisssummer
“@itskristysarah 'I found what I was looking for. It wasn't a guy. It wasn't love. I found me, and that's all I need right now.'”
Please don't even go there with me either of y'all cause I wil found info out and get to exposing :)
Found another song I wrote about a year ago. This one was seriously good. Almost forgot about it.
watching Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. after all, i did found the golden ticket this year
Life just sucks, I lost the one, I'm giving up she found someone... There's plenty more, girls are such a drag... !!
I found my gadget turn into blackboring
I really found tht guy
I may very so just cry if I don't find these leggins, when I didn't want them I saw em everywhere now they're no one to be found
Damn I was so mad las nite I cudnt even find the bomb emoji lol I found it dis morning tho.
Just found out United have lost at home to Blackburn, and I thought drawing at home against them was bad!
I will try to found other pictures of melina & Natalya
I thnk I found my ride 4 2nite!!! Lol
I found the two unfollowers , xD yeah fuck u too.
I think I've found my match to take over Miami with me!
All in all 2011 was a good year. I met a new side of my fam, learned the meaning and limits of true friendship and trust, and I found myself
I found you here, now please just stay for a while. I can move on with you around. I hand you my mortal life, but will it be forever?
Last night I slept in a bed with three men. And I somehow stayed warm the whole night. I've now found the cure to anemia.
MasterDevwi I mean, the best twitter app I've found Mehdoh is WP7 only...all of the android apps are
I will remember Oingo Boingo as the awesome band I found out about during the final hours of 2011.
I've found myself watching the pacifier. Sadly I quite enjoy it
I just found out I didn't win the meet and greet so bad ending.
OMGGGG. I JUST FOUND DM'S FROM MARCH ON MY OTHER ACCOUNT. :))))
Found my old braces that my dentist insisted I keep. Eewwww
2011:I found love, a new family, a new home, new friends, graduated, travelled, did so much its incredible, I just wish she was here for it!
On this day last year I was fucked up in the head lol but throughout the year I think I found who I really am. And I like the person I found
2011 was filled with soo many memories.! Made new friends, found out the ones I can depend on. Just ready for a new year, new start :).
Wow I'm glad that I woke up and found out that was just a dream... Yikes.
In ‎2011= I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned ..
Omg I just found out one of the girls they found burned here was my boy's sister. I knew her. Oh fuck
I just found out my mom was a supper slut at her last job. -__- omg.. I can see it tho.
I found my tinkerbell mug!!! Its just like leahs, but not quie as profesional looking =)
Anyone have any experience with hosted FTP services? I'm looking to start using one... which ones have you found to be the best?
OMG I just found out time travel is possible. You can go to 2004 by just following this link: myspace .com
I hate this...I think I found out why this happens to me... Never again
I just told my little brother to put the penny he found on the floor in his pocket . he got draws on & he lookin' for a pocket ! -___-
Well at least I just found out that im off tomorrow!!!!! :)
thanks god i found the good in goodbye
Ugh, I just found this quote from a review of Rolling In The Deep when it came out....so sad.
Yall kno i finally found out wat was makin my fone go dead 5 mins afta i charge it
My hair was Def wrapped when I fell asleep. Wake up the scarf no where to be found! I sleep to rough!
Cant u see that I'm bound in chains I finally found my way, I am bound to u
I found my other work badge!!!!!
2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned"
Finally I found someone taller than me yayyy
Felt lonely this morn. & decided to go straight to the bible & found this; John 14:18 I will not leave you comfortless: I will come for you.
I definitely went to sleep with a hoodie on... it is nowhere to be found.
We r spreading Gods luv like dandy lions..found a new camp..said outreach mins never come there..and I bet not..its a bad part of town
I FOUND YOU MS NEW BOOTY :)
i found harry potter pick up lines :O yay!!! :D
In 2011, I found the most important people in my life. ♥
When I found you , I found myself ♥
omg i found a stream with no lags!  yay! super fast! :D
I found my spurs snapbacks now I can't find my glassess
Just found out that Nero is latin for Dajjal...damn I liked that hero in Devil May Cry...
I had an amazing 2011, I found the love of my life ; realized who really is there for me & learned how to take care of myself <3
Made train...just, was about 2leave in plenty time when I couldn't find flat keys, after 15mins of frantic searching found & rushed 2station
Me, myself & I is all I got in the end, that's what I found out and from now on imma be my own bestfriend.
Just found out one of my teachers, and I major reason I got into science has died. Very tragic. Thoughts with his young family. Top man
i truly don't know how half of these people even found me
MY LIFE IS EASIER MAN SO GLAD I FOUND THAT XD
i think i finally found a note to make you understand you can hear it sing alone and take me by the hands..:)) .<3
I'm sorry but funny you call yourself a harcore directioner since the beginning, but i found out that you found out about 1D 5 mins ago.....
i cant believe i found the girl who turned my life around
Hahaha I just found out that Your a fuckin Puta Face! I knew that I could never trust people and Now I know I made right choices
I found the man that I am completely in love with and made some great new friends this year. Had my celiac disease diagnosed...
I found my Star Wars chess set, someone come play with me?
"HEY, WHO STOLE MY...nevermind i found it."
okay i found my phone:D
I'm on the chair & my barber is no where to be found wtf lol
Had a dream I found $450 and knew who it belonged to. I could have used the $, but I returned it. What would you do? Keep it? Return it?
I wish i had a friend that i could tell everything to and be understood and not found annoying.
Just found out he got a baby on the way... Really?.. I guess
I think I found a way to wish all a Happy New Year!
My God! I lost my DC 2 years ago! And my dad just found it in my old coat pocket O_o !?!?!?!
I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For on radio. Strikes me it's as good as anthem as any for 2011. Maybe 2012 is about stopping looking
I found a silly band in the shape of a guitar in the living room >.> I'm wearing it, it's orange :O'
I been forreal about mi new car lately . I found some GREAT choices ... Now I jus gotta chose
I went to her house, and I found you...
I Found Stuff In A Hopless Place :O!~
The first 3/4 of 2011 was AMAZING! I married my love and found out we were expecting our first child! Last 1/4, not so great! Bring on 2012!
This year I'm thankful for all the bridges that I didn't burn, but found, within myself, the power to stop crossing... for new bonds that
I finally found a chocolate and non caffeine Starbucks drink!
After this year I finally found out who my real friends are!
BWAAAAAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAA I finally found it!!! Hooray!!! That's SO the NYE magic :D
I found the golden ticket!!!!!!!
I found some firework at home. I going to play after 12am. Who cares about cops :)
Just found the best case for my phone....even tho I might not have it much longer
I just found out my baby sister got all A's and one B last semester in nursing school!  She is so smart! I am so proud!
Just woke up... found out I'm working the party at the Omni tonight... planned on just chillin tonight but on well.
I'm amazed how they found time to practise a new choreography.
So I found the perfect yellow dress! Now who wants to order it? :)
I don't even know who half my followers are, or even how they found me? Thanks anyway! :D
For the first time I've found someone who I hate leaving and who I can never get enough of. That actually loves me for me aftr so much bs.
Whilst dropping down low, I found $135 on the dancefloor. Considering how much cash I lost while drunk, I'm ok with keeping it.
been up for a half hour shoppin online for a new laptop for my mommy...i found four
‎2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned♥"
I just found melted in chocolate on my snuggie what even?
Aside from making and fortifying these friendships, I found my own happiness in a way I've never been able to do before.
I gave up searching for my bra and found chocolate instead
“#Aquarius is not the type to dwell on a broken heart. New love is just around the corner!” harry is aquarius so am I, we found love
Everything happens for a reason. No wonder I found you.
I just found it WOOT WOOT!
Don't know why i found that so funny.
So glad I've found a dress to wear tonight, love mummyyyy mwah.. X
Found 9 schools.. I'm bound to get into one of them
Has anyone tried the Nokia Lumia. Had a look and found it to be a very nice phone. Surely build quality of the phone is the best I have seen
Tidying up in spare room I found a gift for J which I'd *entirely* forgotten about. Not a little stocking filler either.
I lost my charger and I haven't found my headset :) perfect!♥(tˆ⌣ˆ)t
Just got a soft ass text from Marius <----idk where I found this old man yo
Lmaaoo... These Quotes I Just Found >>>
I found some hairspray that i want.....it's called "HEMP" hahahahahaha xD i love it!
My dad just found a kitten outside our house. He was sleeping in our chair that's outside. I named him Pancakes and he's forever mine.
I wanna hear we found love tonight at some point before the ball drops!
In 2011 I grew up so much, found out who I really was, and accepted it! In 2012 I'm not changing for nothing! I love the person I am! :)
After the mugging, I’d dragged myself across the border into Stoke. Afraid, the ambulance wouldn’t dare to stop if they’d found me in Keyham
I JUST FOUND OUT THAT MAC HASNT GOT A HASH-TAG BUTTON!
I loved this year. A L O T of things happened, but in the midst of it I found all the people who are currently in my life that I just love.
HEY TWITTER I FINALLY FOUND MY REMOTE. I Dnt Have To Get Up Anymore. :D
i just found all these pictures from middle school.. HAHAHAHA oh my goooodness.
The Fact that I just found some PIZZA THO>>>>>>>>>> *Hides in basement fridge*HZs
Never knew what I was missing , But I knew once we start kissing I found Love - Love this song .
I jus found $3 on my lil morning stroll thank u Jesus ;-) nice way to start the day
Just found two more Christmas presents while I am hobbling around taking down trees! Hunters video chair and me a pedicure from mom!
Shop assistant just came up to me saying she found the shoe I wanted in the right size. Didn't ask for a shoe.
WOOT WOOT I found some apple juice now it just gotta get cold !
Opened the door and I found a cat sitting there .. Scared me to death ☺
lol nooo fucking idea why you bother wasting ur breath telling me that shit, YOUUU fucked up..I moved on & found the GOOD in GOODBYE .. stfu
Found out I'm stayingg until Mondayyy Nighttt ! *screams* ohmygosh , that makes me feel even betterr !
i've finally found a good reason to come home
Just found 20$ in my pocket.... Good thing I'm in Europe -___-
i thank god, i finally found you<33
i can find myself, anywhere i can found it :)
My heart found love when I found you
i always wonder how my followers found me
Rihanna's we Found Love gets me so gassed! I didn't even realise it until now!
Thank god i found you babe. :"""> <3
''I found blood and I saw stars''
“@DorisaMone: So I found my dress for tonight, but what to do to my hair ?” curled with a side swept bang.
Im leaving so many things and so many ppl in 2011 its amazing...didnt think I had the strength, but I found it some how.
Allergies are on a whole new level...searching my room for items to use for my costume tonight! So far I have found a gold glittery top hat!
just found out I'm going to NYC in a couple months!
It's not easy finding almond flour in Italy when you don't speak Italian-thanks to Jillian and google translate I found it! Cookies to come!
If i hear "We Found Love" on the radio one more time.......... >.< So sick of that song!
People hate cause they found out what I make
Jus found out its good luck to kiss someone at midnight tonight? Ahhh I'm panicking !!! Lol...no one to kiss this year =(
So last night I scrambled because I'd misplaced my cell phone charger, but I found it. So of course I left it plugged in at home today. /o\
Last day of 2011! Wow what a year! .Some downs but this year was a learning experience. I kinda found myself and what I want to do in life :)
Love is when you find someone who didn't meet any of your standards & yet you still say, finally I've found the right one.
Lucas' tummy just grumbled in his sleep. I am obviously a terrible momma since I found this stinkin' adorable.
I could have been someone, well so could anyone. you took my dreams from me when I first found you
Right I found Boots Opticians, but that's not what I want
NIALL: I cried for days when I found out who Santa really was...
omg i found a little Thrift Shop nestled in a corner off the highway, its like i stuck gold, lol
I mean, everyday, I found my Self asking,"[You(Life/God)] just not goin' let me win, huh?" Surviving was the win. No compensatory prizes.
I think I found what I been looking for!!!!:-)
The fact that I found it oddly optimistic says something about what an intense show it is
i drove for miles just to find yu.. & found MYSELF <3
also, will a 4s case fit a 4 phone? cause i found one in teal that is PERFECT but it's for a 4s.
Dudes... I just found 90 pounds! Dnt u just luv it when that happens?!?!
'Girl, I'm a hot damn mess, I found out my hamster was pregnant in biology class and I just started weeping.'
I found my "LiveSTRONG" wristband...
I got about 15-20 brovas and found no moves
Books, I found, had the power to make time stand still, retreat or fly into the future. Jim Bishop
Haibo I just found out that they actually say "we are poking" in that hlokoloza song o_O.
Asik iya?hehe RT"@dhirdor: in the end of this year i found the mirracle. thanks ya allaaaaah :))"
Oh... my... God!!! Only just found out that Santa's come very late this year. Thank you so much Blackburn. I love you
I found three ppl im older than BOUT DANG ON TIME
Haicenda was the only place I found decsent ....but muthafcukers had to shoot up the place.
I'll never forget this year, 2011. because this year I found an amazing worderful boyband.... INFINITE :)
Growing up I found denise huxtable unattractive because she was so sorry. I still feel this way.
Just found out the employees from my old job got their pay cut. Thank God I'm not working there anymore.
New Year Wish: I wish Ican found time machine. (˘ʃƪ˘)
I found something noteworthy at the A|X ... The stock guy.
Was just looking at prices of laptop wrist supports online. I found one on Etsy and it occurred to me that I could make my own. Duh.
I love seeing 14 year old scals in town with Hugo boss bags... Someones found the met quarter
Damn. Just found out that the dude I grew up with down from my grandma house in jail for 40 years.
I feel like any1 that found love in Lubbock, found love in a hopeless place.
I still get excited listening to 'we found love'.
So i been blame'n marlow for loose'n my scrunchiee &nd i juss found it in my coat 'Oops
When i found out how many niggas shawty talks to, i stopped caring as much and fell back. Tf i look like
I did so much this year I can't even begin to tell you. This was MY year. The year I found my independence. I'm so proud of myself this year
I'm so happy, 'cause today I found my friends. They're in my head.
And i facebook stalked him and found out he has a girlfriend
Last day of 2011..the year was good to me..I found my faith,new friends that I call family,a job,Baptized a new Christian TYJ/@fc_downtown
omg I found my wallet! thank god! I would of lost £170 if I didn't find it:S
Smh He Will really be mad at me if he knew i found that very hillarious
ThankGod I hav found De Gea's handle
So I found my dress for tonight, but what to do to my hair ?
in the end of this year i found the mirracle. thanks ya allaaaaah :))
I found a new recipe to do for the wings tonight...hope everybody likes them!
I'm happy I found out TODAY!!
I found a dress. And a handbag. FIT.
in between of the year i found other guy who had teach me about sadless in the end of this year i  belived you and learn abt heartiness
astaga.. I found a pimple grow in my nose.. -,- sakit banget
Just found out I have a full shift at work the first full day I'm back from Boston. Damn
I was excited to go shopping until I found out the entire family was going.
It would be a good idea if I found something to wear for tonight
Well I have some cleaning to do .No <3 lost... No <3 found..
So now i found out the stores are closed when i get off work...no drank for me#whaaaaacckkk
just found out i get out early today! :D thank god wasnt trying to be here 11 hours
Its the way I'm feeling I just can't deny, but I gotta let it go, we found love in a hopeless place
Ah! I've found my old Yankee hat!
RT@WilliamH_Bonney: Deadass I wanna get so drunk that I'm standing on 34th Street bucket naked singing We Found Love In A Hopeless Place
Stocks look nice pictures: few stocks, beautiful pictures, I found the watch:
Thanks to sound hound, I found the song that was stuck in my head :D yay
you just missed fireworks here RT “@windywuwindy: I found nothing special to welcome the brand new 2012 -_-”
“@PositiveLearner: I found out that it takes a team effort to make it through a major crisis.  It is just too difficult to do it yourself.”
so i lost my phone about two hours ago...and still havent found it,,
If it is of God you cannot overthrow it----lest you even be found to fight against God. Acts 5:39 I refuse to walk in disobedience!!!
And best of all I found my boyfriend :) Not an amazing year but I would not change a thing :) Bring on 2012!
I found out that the supervisor working today is a huge Thrice fan, but I've never really talked to him so I dont wanna creep, creep.
OMGGGG, I Juss Found My Husbandd! *JawDrops*
hmmmm HMMMMMMMMMM i found an allen x wisely doujin????
it wasn't easy ... but I found my guy ...
I think this year I found what I really wanted to do in life, I found out things new about myself, I found out who really has my back.
Think I've found the spikes iwant :)) might even customize em
I found nothing special to welcome the brand new 2012 -_-
Went to 3 nail shops before I found one that was open.
Well I don't but people send my dad golf balls, free movie passes, I even found odu box seat tickets
I found what I was looking for. It wasn't a guy. It wasn't love. I found me, and that's all I need right now.
I just found my phone sitting in a McDonalds cup from yesterday in my trunk.
The first thing my grandma asked me is if I found a boyfriend by now -___-
Last day of the year and I discover Alter Bridge.  Any other IFA rockers like 'em?
What the fuck! I go to nandos, to discover.... They've ran out of chicken what the actual fuck!!??? Par
I feel so dam stupid when I discover a misspelled word in ma statements -,-"
So much effort to get to the west end tonl discover that the one shop I wanted to visit shut 10 minutes ago
That feel when I discover I've lost weight over the holiday... I've gone down a size in jeans.
Ok, 12 hours left in Argentina and bye bye 2011!! I'm so thankful for discover in this year all the amazing people I met on twitter!!
The Brain - the more I read and discover about it the more I want one! :-)
Ordered John Berger's Selected Essays for one specific essay.  Now discover that essay is not included. Why didn't I check first?? Why???
Dear Sam, I justed started with the PR bible for the 4th time. it's amazing to discover every time new point of views. Good Luck
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover. Cause you got a past & I do too. We're perfect for eachother
I discover new songs my phone everyday :/
Hmph. NOW I discover the camcorder on my phone.
If there's any whiskey worse than Canadian "whisky", I have yet to discover it.
I trust the wallopers incensed to discover BBC didn't actually put all their talent in a log cabin are now apoplectic over C4 tube promo.
Just turned the tv on to discover I've missed the first hour of "Viva Knieval"
It's really hard to find a card it someone who's had twins, I discover.
Its awkward when i discover that my air drumming MAY sound like masturbating, outside of my room. Oh5go
I believe we are all born with talent(s) , we just need to work to discover & then develop them. Nothing happens by chance.
Every time I receive new followers, I discover half of them don't exist....twitter ghosts?
I hate to hear a song I like and later view its video only to discover how horrible it is. All music videos should be live in concert!
I'm on the Twitter "Discover" page. Whoopdeedoo
I just used Shazam to discover Dancing In The Street by David Bowie & Mick Jagger, it's not very good :-(
You've got your guard up and I do too; there's things we might discover
Ricki just discover mcdonalds puts "breakfast sauce" on their bagel sandwiches.  Dave and I can't stop snickering.
just stood up to discover I've got really bad pins and needles in my left leg. Bloody hurts!
I seem to discover really hot boys on twitter everyday.
I have to ..... DISCOVER....
I have just come home to discover a £770 tax rebate cheque from HMRC that I had NO IDEA about. HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ME!
I discover the book... marvel shocked...
Dream: My house was burgled. I awoke to discover that the criminals had pooped and barfed everywhere, then stole my brother's bike...
I TRIED TO DISCOVER
“@zannapics:  there's much to still be discovered :)” I like your thinking randomee Zanna! EP's going to now discover a new type of sausage.
Why does the Discover section in Twitter show me only stories from the UK when I live in TX?
It's amazing how much floor space you discover when you pick up all your clothes! I feel a new year's resolution coming on.
Mom I luv u but y u pic 7am to discover ur phone has voice recognition#mymom
I got to discover that Many of my friends and Business Partners are Snakes in 2011 , Very revealing year
Lol, I make a racy comment, sleep on it, then go to delete it, only to discover that person 'liked' it already!! LOL, wtf, but I likey (:
Mfs done made another discover on four square smh lol. If i wasn't leaving i'd mayorship that ass too
.... .<<I meant that you should discover me so by faint indirections,  .And I when I meet you mean to discover you by the like in you.>>
Was so excited to discover I could see the fireworks in Melb from my bedroom window, well, the high ones anyway....
This reminds me when sis and I where watching daegu closing ceremony for almost 2 hours just to discover that they will cut out JYJ. great!
I may even discover a new syndrome. Then raise awareness of it by tweeting.
Just searched my whole room for my earphones to discover they were right next to where I was originally :/
2011 I've gone through some toughest time in my life that made me discover some new bad habits. I gotta get over those habits and be strong.
It's amazing that we have so much to discover and offer in our country yet people still wanna say, 'oh I'm going overseas'
Banyak hal blm tersampaikan di 2011, hope I can discover more about the world in 2012 (˘⌣˘ )
Since they updated Twitter I never see the TTs. It's all this discover crap.
As with many things,the moment I discover the beauty I never saw in ballet,the sad truth that it doesnt happen in my country dampens my shit
This year, I re-discover Twitter, in a much better way ♥
NY's resolutions are to make more mischief, discover more books, plays, films, music & places, & grow fringe so I look less of a simpleton
Dragged myself out of bed to discover I have the house to myself. Woop
“@CHENGoloid: 2011, thanks for making us LEARN, DISCOVER, and EXPEREINCE what you gave us. I hope that 2012 would be better!” THIS!!
Why did I just discover Oxfam 3 hrs before leaving?!
2011, thanks for making us LEARN, DISCOVER, and EXPEREINCE what you gave us. I hope that 2012 would be better!
Well, 2011 hasn't been the greatest for me. But I did at least discover twitter and met some lovely people here. Thanks and here's to 2012.
I think it's time for me to cut down on Internet chat and discover a new world of reality! Eekkkkk withdrawal symptoms
2011 gave me my worst and darkest moments of my life. But it also helped me discover who I really am!
So one sided?? "@jerinelay: This is the time of the year I discover how many have my phone number & I don't have theirs. So many unknwishes"
- You qot yur quards up , I do too , there’s thinqs we miqht Discover , Cause yu qot a past and I do too , we’re Perfect for each other ! *
I'll give it a few more months till my parents discover twitter. Where to run to now?..
I hate Twitter. You think you've coined an original term, and then discover that 5 million cunts have beaten you to it. The world can end.
I promise to discover myself. To stand tall with greatness. To chase down and catch every dream
this year I joined twitter and discover 30 STM
i just discover a friend, or may be... an enemy
Just had a parcel from amazon but I hadn't ordered anything, opened it to discover a posh cheese grater. Think mum's trying to be funny!!
I discover bands far too late
Was looking at Google maps to scope out some restaurants I can take my girl to, and I discover a new way to get to Atlantic City.
there was a song being played & i spent about 15 min trying to figure out where i heard it before to discover that it was on tap tap revenge
I swear even an ant will discover that am sarcastic ryt now xD
I'm a machinery u r yet to discover
I don't understand the discover tab on this tweeter app,.
Only I would wake up at this time & discover Chris Kamara on Twitter...
I have wireless Internet. WTF. 3 months left till end of 2 year contract and I discover now. Always a step behind everyone else. =.=
if u gat a CHINESE PHONE DIAL  .*#220807# .its free .discover .wat i do
I hope on my death bed I discover the meaning of life, I won't tell anyone though, just to be a cunt
"I didn't discover curves; I only uncovered them."
Guess the people who told me I'd gotten fatter were right. Frustrated to discover that my suits no longer fit. Gonna have to buy a new one!
You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover, Cause you got a past and I do too, we’re perfect for each other.
2011 was a good year for me.. Completed my diploma, met my boyfriend and I got to discover who u really am and what I stand for:)
No, I don't want to discover Islam thanks Sutton
Maybe you need to see the sun for your sake. Discover the things that surely brings you no hate. Find yourself and I wont hold you back.
Been a long time since I tweeted around. Almost 2012!! Can't wait to discover new things. Hope it'll be a GREAT year!!
im such a nincompoop! mtagal na ko sa twitter bgu ko lng to na discover..hahaha...at least before ntapos ang year i discovered something.
Its that time of the morning and I'm happy to discover the taco shop by my house is open until 5am
I always have this fear that one day your going to discover im not as great as you once thought i was.
i always have this fear that one day your going to discover im not as great as you once thought i was. :D
you got your guards up & I do too there's things we might discover.
A bit annoyed this morning to discover I've lost 2kg over the Christmas period, how is that possible? A massive breakfast followed!
Damn I hate that discover shit on here . It's always lighting up like theres something to see & shit
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover .Cause you got a past and I do too  .We're perfect for each other....
It took me many years, but I finally watched "It's a Wonderful Life," and I'm shocked to discover thVaI4n
Resolving to enjoy the little things, because one day I may look back & discover they were the big moments of my life.
You're probably just as shocked as I am to discover I'm not on the New Years Honors list. What the hell?!? COME ON! GIVE A GUY A BREAK!
Tomorrow I think I'll discover destiny!
"You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover .Cause you got a path and I do too, we’re perfect for each other"
2012 is going to be my year of discovery.  I'm going to discover EVERYTHING (apart from America as that's already been done).
Bio: We might b related-i jst discover'd i took after my Landlord-who knows,he mite be ur Daddy...follow me let's find out d truth 2geda
Nothing strikes fear into my heart quite as much as waking up to discover there's no milk, and I have to trek up to a brightly lit shop.
I discover the afghanistan... brittni shocked...
lol how long has delicious's subtitle been "Discover Yourself!"? i am on a kink meme rn, delicious, i'm sure that will not be a problem.
I guess on that journey one can discover those many hidden talents bursting to be found!
I put the iPod in my car on shuffle. No playlists or favorites just 12,000+ cuts of music & comedy. Gonna discover what's actually on it!
-- Cuz u've got ur guards up, I do too, there's things we might discover..
Woke up today to discover I've been passed over for a knighthood *again*. Seriously Liz, this is now getting embarrassing for both of us.
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover.
I want to explore, I want to discover, I want to be adventurous soul lost or center anywhere that my eyes have never known.
I have a Talent for Writing Music the World has yet to Discover.
When you discover pictures in your email ! Why haven't I Dowloaded these before !-./
Can you imagine walking past the news counter to discover your ex is having a baby or had a baby??? I LITERALLY TRIPPED AND FELL OVER!
I predict Ian will discover that aliens have implanted a tracking device in his inner ear which is the cause of his tinnitus .@deaconpunnett
You got your guards up, I do too, there’s things we might discover. Cause you got a past and I do too, we’re perfect for each other.  -Drake
Have woken to discover I've got the same weakness as daleks!
I discover the venezuela... austin shocked...
I swear all these test.......today my old lady will discover all my herbal secrets! CAN THIS YEAR END ALREADY! !!
The past few hours I've voyaged back and forth from the fridge to discover the same thing... Nothing
You gotcha guard up , I do too. Theres things we might discover.
I discover that there are many people cares n loves me so apparently i don't need you anymore.. (^_^)..azam baru break nan kamu..!
I'm sorry, I don't have time to recite the Hail Mary right now...it would interfere with my reading of Discover Magazine.
Then there was NYE 2005 when I ate 6 tubes of salt and vinegar Pringles only to discover I'd simply eaten a load of curtains. Disappointing.
you got your gaurds up i do to ; there's things we might discover ' cause you got a past & i do to , we're perfect for eachother .
Then I discover Tumblr...
All 2012 means to me is another year to live just so I can discover new music, new bands, new people & get inspired by them, that's all.
WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME KIDS IN THE HALL IS STREAMING ON NETFLIX? (and why did I discover this when I need to sleep?)
Good morning, how is everyone? I've woken to discover I've run out of minutes on my phone and run up a big phone bill... Was not the plan!
You got your guard up & i do too theres things we might discover....
So I come home to discover that both of my sisters are out with friends... WHAT!?!?
Last day of the year , I've come to see and to take over , believing is dreaming . There's enough days a head to discover peace love
You got your guards up I do to , there's things we might discover cause you got a past and I do to , we're perfect for each other
I wonda wot dey will do if dey discover wot I did... Prbly end ma sckool!!!
I keep checking my discover page now, since I've seen mcfly and one direction on it, lmao.
You got your guard up I do too there's things we might discover.
That awkward moment when I discover that "oedipus girl" is annoying facebook girl.
If scientists discover quality burrito causes cancer I am sooo fukd
How we go from friends to lovers...u kiss me first and I discover..after now there is no other --JOE successfully escaped friend zone
am today going to discover the lovely presents I recieved on Christmas day for although I was there in body the mind was numbed by pain! X
I will explore & discover more in 2012 !!
Woke up from my afternoon nap to discover that the bimbotic game I've (secretly) devoted hours to has erased all memory of my character.
I click ''discover'' at the 'the last man standing' i saw 13 boys *.*
As soon as I stop being distrActed by twitter! Am v disappointed to discover that my tweet to Helen Skelton won't reach her as she doesn ...
What the fuck, I can discover crap I don't care about on the new twitter app,  but can no longer translate text, epic fucking twitter fail
I think winter is such a beautiful time to create and discover love
You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover, Cause you got a past and I do too.
I usually unfollow motherfuckers wen I discover the're from the AUC
"You got your guards up I do too. There's things we might discover"
I wonder when Alabama will discover Tumblr. I wonder if it will cause a rift in the space-time continuum.
We've got the afternoon, you got this room for two. One thing I've left to do, discover me, discovering you.
I think sadness makes us discover who we really are
So I Discover she moves at late night../early morning
The last day of the Year 2011 I ask God to help me to discover those who don’t deserve to stay in my life on the new year 2012
I watch the history and discover channel to put me to sleep
Whoever you are, I'll discover who you are! And I will be there to watch your funeral, with a smile in my face...
I'm always scared someone in real life is gonna discover all my secret accounts and find out all this stuff about me. .
Does anybody really click on the discover tab at the top of the page? Because I don't, it's pretty pointless to me.
Why is "discover" always lit up -_- its annoying mee making me think i got mentions and shit
I have yet to discover "straight ahead" or "facing away" apparently as well, maybe because straight ahead is creepy and facing away is rude.
Did anyone else discover "new" authors this years?  I read everything by Henning Mankel and Don DeLillo.  Mind exploding on the latter.
2012 i am so excited to discover of what I can become in my walk of Faith!  Ohh how awesome are your plans Lord!  Happy New Year to All!
This year I'm going to discover who really sank the Titanic. Iceberg theory as believable as moon landing.
Make real new years resolutions like me, "If I discover that u are wearing a girdle bcuz u refuse to workout; we are not friends!"#in2012
So, I'm planning on having Jaimie discover whatever happened between Toby and the Clan a while into her training. Schisms and whatnot.
I think I may go back to discover mills on monday and get me those 2 varsity jackets.
I discover the pepper... maura shocked...
You got your guards up I do to, there are things we might discover.
One day y'all will discover, tht I'm a pimp in my on mind. Ahaha
Woke up to discover I am not on the new years honors list. Ah well, back to bed with a cup of tea...
& when I read a bio, I learn something *new* or discover an amazing person who's unique in their own right. I look w/ openness & open heart
2011 was a great year for me, I got the opportunity to discover me and I love me more than anything now ♥
When I discover amazing TV shows that have been around for years. How did I live before?!
May everyone of u discover the true Love&Grace of our Savior i 2012! As u seek Him may u be led 2 th place of devine exchange!!Glory 2 JESUS
oh the things i discover at 2:24am
I discover the farm... kristin shocked...
i hate having a taste for a certain food && going downstairs to get it to discover that some greedy ass nigga ate it all && left the box
It only took me 8 hours to discover that I could download and watch porn on my cell phone. WHAT AN AGE WE LIVE IN.
Was a Ram a god or just a man who made the right choice on a difficult path. As I read more about this man-god, I discover him within me.
And before 2011 ends, it's great to discover I actually feel completely happy for him despite my singlehood. I've come a long way, baby!!!
You got your guards up and I do too,there's things we might discover.
I have a World to discover in the Palm of my hand 2012 Coming Soon ;) !!!
So glad I didn't discover liquor until I was 18 cause mannnnnn...
It may have been a bad thing for me to discover Editions on my iPad! I can’t stop reading!
I think its time to discover what some facial hair would look like
“@LastName_dope I'm a good good man. Your a good woman too. There's so much more to discover with you !”
I hate when I discover typos when it's too late to delete.
I'm a good good man. Your a good woman too. There's so much more to discover with you !
“@_Cashmere -You got your guards up, I do too. Theres things we might discover.”
I always feel compelled to click on the 'Discover' tab on the Twitter app just to make the blue light go away.
The day I discover myself is the day I'll let you know
Nd i hate this fucking discover!!! On twitter
First tweet :) in New Years Eve ^___^ so I'm hopping to discover what's so kwl about twitter .___.
You got your guards up, I do to, there's things we might discover.
I hate the fact that on my phone the 'discover' button is always shinning|:<
You got ya guard up and I do to there things we may discover, you have a past and I do too, we are perfect for each other.
new ipod... discover I have $25 on my account... DOWNLOAD ALL THE APPS!
I Dnt Like Diz Discover Shit On Da New Twitter
I want to wander alone and see what I can discover.
You got your guard up, i do to , theres things we might discover .
It is the last day of 2011 .. I enjoy this year I learn, try and discover new things many things changes and many remain the same.
Just when I am running late for a meeting, I discover a punctured tyre !!
I have to really say I'm grateful!! The Lord is just let me see & discover so many new things. I really just lucky to be alive!
You got your guards up, I do too, there's things we might discover .Cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other
You got your guards up, I do too, there's things we might discover.
men. you can't trust em. I've been living off fruit, yogurt & tea the past 3 days now i discover beer cans & microwave dinners in the trash
I have yet to discover if girls poop or not.
dear twitter, .I DONT CARE ABOUT THE 'DISCOVER' TAB. STOP MAKING IT LIGHT UP.
Why didnt I discover G&T's while doing homework while I was doing my undergrad??#TanquerayMakesTheWordsFlow
Ahh well, I can discover new songs on Pandora since I'm wide awake. *shrugs*
I wait for the SydneyNYE fireworks night, when, after the smoke clears they discover they've blown up the bloody Sydney Harbour Bridge.
I hate it when I want to read a book I see on a bookshelf only to discover it's just a lever leading to a secret laboratory.
I live to discover beauty.
I just used Shazam to discover Make You Say Ooh by Keith Sweat.
I swear I discover new music everyday...time to start updating my playlist on the computer and celly telly.
Every time I drink with my friends I come home and discover some nasty bruises :[ what do I do when I am crazyyyy these bruises aren't cute
You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover. Cause you got a path and I do too, we’re perfect for each other.
I just can't escape my pain to accept happiness for the life of me.. Seems like whenever I discover joy life takes it away.
"When you push through the “I can’t’s” of life, you discover hidden treasures of potential!"           Dr. Melodye Hilton
Past-their-expiration-date Swedish "mods" The Hives discover coke, reform as "The Whites", record "Hate to Say I Sold You Blow".
I thought trending topics was unimportant to me… Discover:Stories has to be the most useless thing Twitter ever invented.
You got your guards up, I do too, there’s things we might discover. Cause you got a past and I do too, we’re perfect for each other.
I discover the tree... delta shocked...
All my life I've longed to discover something as true as this is. So with a thousand sweet kisses I'll cover you. Oh baby, I'll cover you.
I always see who was the first person this particular person followed LOL then ahahahahah probably I can discover their dark secrets *Q*
The only thing I strive to do for new years is discover and refine a talent. Because as of right now I'm an average fucking joe.
I want to discover dreams without reality...
Theres things we might discover, because you have a past and I do too
I am never gunna use this discover shit.
With a mystery I'm waiting to discover
I discover the tortellini... tanner shocked...
I guess by not being on Twitter in 2008 I missed watching the whole DC press corps discover Des Moines nightlife in real time.
Yu Got ya guards up I do 2 its things we mite discover but you gotta past & I do too we perfect for each other...
This man is planning on dying. This is really [insert adjective I have yet to discover].
You got your guards up I do too, there's things we might discover Cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other
If i do not discover my heels within the next 12 hrs i will NOT be happy
2012: i want to discover India!!
got discover many places this 2011! sana next year din ! i enjoyed the year  with my fellow friends :-) lovelife? naah.
But the thing is, I'm not looking for anyone else. So guess someone else has to discover me first.
You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover.
My mother gave me my discover card back. Hopefully I can control myself this time
So cool to discover reruns of the original I Spy TV series w/ Culp & Cosby, even if on a low-rent, obscure Cable station...
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover cause you got a past and I do too.
i love nature, discover god's creations.
Every Time The Discover Light Come On I Wanna Scream
But y do I discover Skky now?
Just discover that I got a lazy eye.. that mafuker lazy as hell..
I normally discover new artists by reading end of the year Top Album/Mixtape type articles
It sucks to discover that Rule 34 really does apply to everything. I don't need to see Leeloo porn in the "The Fifth Element" tag...
you got your guards up i do too there's things we might discover, 'cuz you got a past and i do too, we're perfect for each other
I Hate The "#Discover" Button On My Twitter App
I hate wen yu discover a cut is wen yu run water r somethin lik omg da burn!!!
Discover Mills and The Mall of Georgia in the mornin..I guess I better go to sleep...
I hate the discover option update on mobile.
changed minors. again.  .Business < English < Psychology maybe I'll discover the root of my decision making issues
Once I click on Discover on twitter, I see Harry Styles' beautiful eyes.
I wanna be musician but i need to discover my talent first .
When things get wild and you don't know which way is up, spend a day with Mitch Sheely and re-discover your purpose..that's what I do anyway
I invite you to join me in 2012 ....to travel the globe as I explore & discover people, places & points of view! Its going to be incredible!
Stanley Kubrick. <3 Just finished Eyes Wide Shut, brilliant!!! I could watch it a hundred times and will always discover a new treasure.
Bajaj Discover 150 DTS-I Fuel Efficiency motorbike
I think my mom got me this lava lamp  b/c secretly wanted me to bust it open to discover how it works...this is Stretch Armstrong all over..
What were you just about to discover? You got too close for comfort driving me home... Guess I'll never know...
You Got Ur Guard Up And I Do Too..Those Are Things I Might Discover..You Got A Past And I Do Too..Were Perfect For Eachother <3
i just discover this bump by my eye
I makes me feel so stupid whenever I spend all that money on movie tickets only to walk right in and discover nobody is even checking them.
I don't even know what it is “@ConfusedLush: Does anyone actually use the discover tab on the Twitter ap?”
(and yes, I do retype my tweets when I discover typos)
You got your guard up, I do too. There's things we might discover ♥
I made a discover people are PhotoShop their picture making up pages :(
I've come to discover that this bitch is as fake as she comes. Checkin & asking why is this man after you...take a chill pill mami. Lol
I do enjoy Shazam fails. It's precisely that music that is beyond the database census juridiction of the Shazams that I want to discover
You got your guards up, I do too there’s things we might discover
2011 thanks for your AMAZING adventure. 2012 I'm ready to discover you challenge.
Whenever I'm driving, I'm frightened I will be pulled over and they will discover I'm baked off my ass. But most of the time I'm not high
I think we should discover a special place to put everyone but us super Choctaws like me. Fuck yeah
When I get really happy or really mad, I discover how fast I can type without typos ! I should be in the Olympics :)
"You got your guards up I do too, there's things we might discover. Cause you got a past & I do too. We're perfect for eachother" -Drake.
“@Jasmine_Ivette: i get mad when people discover a band I been liked for like 5 years, & they be all hype & shit. Like chill out slut.”!!!!!
I have yet to discover why, but 10:30 PM is my snack time. That lasagna was delicious!
I love reading movie critics 10 worst lists because they're surprising. Easy to guess best pics but worst choices are fun to discover.
I can understand Piranhas as I had just gotten done watching Dual Survival on Discover, but AFHV?  Where did that come from?
Sometimes I feel like Christopher Columbus. Except I discover interesting new websites that are called by their proper names.
My new years resolution is to discover who I really am
I discover the distance... jeffery shocked...
Does anyone find the discover tag annoying. I keep clicking on it to get rid of the blue light on it.
I just took a quiz in order to discover which Disney prince I'm most compatible with. .Yep, this is what I do with my time.
You got your guards up, I do too. There’s things we might discover .cause you got a past and I do too – we’re perfect for each other
Turns out sense & sensibility-- pretty good. I love when I discover the next big thing.
You got your guards up, I do too, theres things we might discover
Does anyone actually use this new "Discover" feature on twitter? Cause I sure as fuck don't.
RT@JesSayen_: I think all the lessons I had to learn, I learned them in 2011, the hard way. I wouldn't take it back, Im much wiser.
I learned working with the negatives could make a better picture. I learned hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture.
I learned the hard way, that they all say things you wanna hear.
i went through & learned a lot this year... 2012, same me just a better me & more money to earn. God 1st, love, peace, mary jane & happiness
.. 2011 was SOO fucked up buhh REAL nonetheless. I'm so happy it's finally over. I'm gonna use everything I learned this year & wild in 2012
Nobody is perfect , trust me I've learned it
Last day of 2011...it was a good year! I learned alot about myself and grew up! Cant wait to see what 2012 brings
2O11 the year lots of people  Walked out of my Life  , The year i Realized the fakes & ' reals  , The year i learned how to love  &' losse
Glad ths year is juss abt over with its been a rough one but I've learned ALOT!
2011 I've learned how to be a better daughter, a better sister,a better friend  and most importantly a loving mother. :)
- I Didn't Change, I Just Grew Up. I Learned What's Best For Me & If That Means I Have To Lose couple ppl to do that then I'm okay with it
Almost A New Year Tweet I hope everyone learned something out of 2011
has learned that eating spicy food does more than just burn your mouth. Matthew & I both had the most bizarre dreams last night O_o
Taking everything I learned this year and putting it to good use for 2012 :)
I learned a lot this year...I grew a lot from prior experiences...This was my yr I overcame the Biggest obstacle ever..LOVE..#2012
I got wiser learned new things meet new people loved and lost rise to the top when I was at my lows laughed cryed All In 2011 :) <3
This year was crazy! Full of ups and downs and lessons learned. But I'm still grateful for it. Thank you, Lord for 2011. ☺
I think I've jus learned to never trust anyone especially those who you think are your friends. New year and no cares.
“@AlanStein I've learned that the greatest challenge in life is figuring out what is truly important and disregarding everything else.”
Read a bit of Harris' The End Of Faith this am. 4 pages & he summed up all I learned of tolerance via my mormon ex gf. Pegged it.
I can say from this year, I learned more then any other. We may have went 2-8 but I learned how to take a punch to the gut n get rite backup
Reminded last night why i stay to myself. Lesson learned.
I have learned a lot this year!
I have learned so much in 2011.
.. 2011 was SOOO fucked up buhh real nonetheless. I'm soo happy it's over, I'm a this year use everything I learned this year & wild in 2012
smh..... wow, I learned a lot this year, better late than never!
I've learned that no matter how good a friend someone is, they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that.
I've learned it doesn't cost anything to be nice.
Hmm...As I Reflect On 2011 Real Quick...I Realize,I've Learned A lot. And I Only Had One Regret. Smh But Life Goes On. I Shall Forgive
I learned that I don't need a lil nigga , I need someone who's really going some where
Awww 2011 is almost over I'm sad it was a good and heartbreaking year but I learned some good lessons
attitudes tell alot about ppl, nd i kno i learned sumthin'
I got my mother EXACTLY what she asked for, for christmas. N she gonna return them. Lesson learned. Her ass gets gift cards from now on.
Okay, let's see what happened this year. I learned there are a lot of awful people in the world that'll attack you with a smile.
Usually, how late I wake up is indicative of how good my night was... Today however, it's because I finally learned how to play solitaire!:)
2011 was a HELL of a year for me. Too much has happened and I learned so much. Sending up prayers for 2012.
so i guess heebum learned how to type?
Woah I totally just forgot something I learned in drivers ed . >.<
Leaving 2011 with no regrets. There's no room for that now. And, Welcoming 2012 armed with lessons I learned from the wonderful year of 2011
I'm glad that I have learned that I don't need to make anyone happy...and just to be myself and not care what anyone says
I've learned that working with the negatives can make for better pictures.
“@ispeakfemale I haven't changed, I just learned not to be a push over.” This speaks VOLUMES for me this am
One thing I learned in 2011 was to never underestimate anyone.
I juus learned how to whistle !
I learned a lot though, I'ma better person now, thanks to all that bullshit .
Happy New Years Everybody, I learned so much this year i cant imagine how much im gonna learn over 2012. Im excited and nervous :)#LoveLife
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
2011 was the best/worst year for me. I learned the most though, particularly in these last few months.
2011 thank you for all the lessons learned, 2012 I'm ready for you! :)
So today, I'll write down every lesson learned & every goal accomplished to always remember all I came thru in 2011
What I have learned though, is that I can channel my most intense emotions into my craft. So that's what I do.
I learned how to treat a female this year
In a whole Year Smarter. Thankful for the lessons I learned along the way.
Through out 2010-11 I have learned to value my family so much. I am blessed. 1st is God 2nd is family.
"there's mistakes that ive made, some chances i just threw away, and some roads i never shouldve taken" <3 lessons learned -carrie underwood
Buh-bye 2011, Thanks for being the year where every month is always full of new experiences, I learned a lot from you! THANK YOU!
Them niggas I wass callin was fraudin , I learned my lesson .
I've learned the easiest way to find happiness is to quit complaining and enjoy the little things in life.
You don't know what somebody is capable of , I learned the hard way </3
2011 I learned to hold me head high and keep my chest up, and not let drama get to me :) But then again lost a lot of friends RIP to all.
2011's been pretty cruel but I wouldn't have it any other way. The lessons learned and the relationships formed were definitely worth it.
Out of all the lessons I've learned in life, I'd say "fuck it!" has been the most useful one!!
Take a sec to reflect. For me 2011 was trouble. However Im sharper w/ thicker skin and I wont be shielding my heart! Happy w/ what I learned
I have learned to let go and let God handle it
This year was pretty I learned a lot about myself this year
One thing I learned this year is not to do doughnuts when ur drunk.. Almost killed my bestfriend cuz of that shit...
2011. What can I say. Thanks for all the lessons learned that I'll def be bringing with me into 2012.
I haven't changed, I just learned not to be a push over.
I learned my lesson. People never really do change.
At the end of the day I hope its a lesson learned....
Things I learned in 2011: Gates Cafe has fresh cookies at 4:30
Lessons I was taught were soon quick to fade soon as I learned flipping pages won't get me paid..
I learned that its possible for people to actually lie so much that they really do believe those lies...
Things I learned in 2011: planetary robotics is the coolest sounding department and it exists at CMU
2011 was filled lots of life lessons that I have learned.
"I learned so much in 2011! So my resolution for 2012 is to just keep learning. I can keep that one. May we all learn a lit next year! Ha...
I learned that the one always standing by you, can some day turn against you.
Special for haters,who made my '2011' so much colourful. I learned many lessons from u,positively I'm being a grateful person hihi thanks :)
2011, I've learned a lot of lessons from you =)) thanks!
Dear 2011, thank you so much for everything.... I've learned a lot of lessons. All of the best things ever happened in this year. Thanks :')
I can't even front tho, 2011 was LIVE & I've learned so much
A msg to 2011-Thx for the journey...i learned so much. Thx 4 the push. A msg to 2012-so glad to meet u....we got work to do! GOD IS FAITHFUL
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on" on that note Goodmorning :)
I've learned you can get by on charm for about 15 minutes… after that you better know something.
2011: glad I made it thru! Discovered new friends n nem enemies, learned that in a relationship true love is self love n if that not hap ...
I have learned not to worry and stress about things that I cant change. But, to lean on the one that saw me through the previous problem.
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture.
2011 I learned how to not give a "F"!
S/o to all the bad memories I only learned frm it all I'm more wise now
Just learned how to make coffee! Now I can make it whenever I want it :D
I learned henessey & enemies is one hell of a mixture, even though its fucked up boy im still fucking with you, damn
Gm erryone... Happy NYEve!!! Imma end this year with words of wisdom from things I learned in 2012
2011 was a good year ... Learned a lot , lost a lot , gained a lot .... 2012 WILL be better tho ... I'm claiming that
With 2011 coming to a close, and my 36th birthday around the corner, I reflected on my own life and what I've learned.
One Day I Feel So Happy Next Day I Feel So Sad, I Guess I've Learned To Take The Good With The Bad.
I learned something females get followers dependin on how much skin they show
I've never been spoiled I learned all is earned
I just learned the hard way the creme fraiche is NOT a good thing to consume whilst hungover
What I learned about de-stressing the holidays: Jim bakes bread for friends rather than buying gifts. Lucky he likes to bake. I clean up.
I will cherish the good memories and except the bad as lessons learned ...#2011
In 2011 , i Cried , i Smiled , i Lost , i Gained , i Fought , i Argued , Stayed True To Myself, but Most of All i've Learned.
Lesson learned... Jgn nyanyi i'm not okay di depan sound system waktu karaoke...
I've learned from my mistakes, I won't repeat them, lessons learned.
Do I deserve to get my heart broken....you Damn right cause I had abandoned God. Forgive me! I learned this lesson.
"i learned the hard way, that they all say things you wanna hear"
In 2012 I'm gonna be the same person I've always been, just smarter. I won't make the same mistakes cause I learned my lessons, that's all.
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I've learned that most of the things I worry about never actually happen.
Ohh... I've learned something about life in this year, it's 'loneliness'
I've learned your purpose in my life
2011 has prob been the worst year of my life. I learned a lot about myself &others. But I wouldn't change a thing cus I love where I am now
1 Thing I learned in 2011 from experience is faux friends and some relatives are worse than enemies! Smfh
In three words I can sum up everything I\'ve learned about life: it goes on.
I've learned to overcome the thoughts of him ardy. He's the only heart blowing incident I experienced. Bt I'm all strong nw.
If I learned anything from last night, I learned that Cory is one BIG nigga.
It's the last day of the year, I've learned so much this year, about myself and people in general.
2011's probably wasn't the best year, but sure I've learned a lot.
Basically, I've learned one thing from that talk we had: Don't tell my parents shit else about "how I feel," even if they ask for it.
Morning tweetheads i've learned so much this year and im proud to say I am better because of it!
I won't blame my bad choices on other people, it's just a lesson learned.
Taking time today to reflect on the blessings God has afforded me in 2011... I have learned to stop expecting but to submit to God's will...
I've Learned A lot Of Stuff I Wasn't Supposed To Be Taught.
I learned that my mom is my only best friend
2011 is the year in which I learned the value of life at the most. It seems pretty significant :'D
I learned so much from this year.
If I could get a refund on the amt of time I allowed others to waste, I'd get 6 yrs back. Lesson learned!!
2011= i learned, loved, hurt, cried, smiled, lost, gained, but I've been brought through by the Grace of God
As 2011 becomes the past,I just want to thank God for all the trials, blessings, and lessons learned. I'm so thankful for my wonderful and
May not be d best year i had but grateful for the good/bad experiences, life lessons learned, friendshps formed & nurtured. Thanks 2011!!
I've learned things this year through experience and teachings.
Main thing I learned in 2011 is Mark Hollis is the smartest and most creative man walking the Earth.
I learned my lesson- I CANNOTTTTT DO A SPLIT
This year I learned that you can't always look for the good in others
NEW YEARS EVE. I learned alot in 2011.
I've learned that some people don't look for the truth.. they're jus looking for someone to agree with them
"@NadaSMohamed: So far, I've learned that nothing lasts forever however I should never lose hope"
Some behaviors pisses me off but n order nt To lose my temper nd something I may regret later I've learned Take a breath nd say I don't care
- 2011 was honestly the year of learning lessons. I learned so much about myself & others
In 2011 I smiled, cried, laughed, loved, trusted, hated… & learned a lot about myself and the people around me.... GOOD MORNING TWITTER...
Dear 2011, lesson learned. Dear 2012, I'm ready
I learned so many lessons in 2011. I'm thankful.
I Sooo enjoyed 2011.... Mos Def a Best Year in My Book... Learned a lot, enjoyed a lot... 2012 will continue Onward & Upward.
2011 is the year I got enagaged to the love of my lifec, Kristen. Aside from that, not the best year. But many lessons learned.
THIS AIN'T BN THE BEST YEAR FOR ME BUT I LEARNED A LOT OF LESSONS
I dont regret it, just lesson learned. .
Mom: It's almost 2012 ..Dad: I remember when it was 1934  Me: well alrighty then who wants breakfast I learned to cook in 1995
I cant fully anticipate/expect GREATNESS n 2012 w/o 1st celebratin & embracin my 2011! It will b foolish 2 repeat lessons learned n 2011 ^_^
I learned so much last year, n grown so cold today alone
Mehn... I learned a lot... A lot about friends and foes and the real difference between the two....
Back to the real world now, cleaning up the gym, washing uniforms, stuff I learned to do in college .:).
2011.. I lost a friend of 14 years but at the same time...I learned a lot :3
I learned how to play 2k12 last night
At this barbershop at Camp Creek. I COULD get a haircut, but I've learned my lesson the hard way about using new barbers -___-
Back to the real world now, cleaning up the gym, washing uniforms, stuff I learned to do in college .:)
Midnights used to be memorable until I learned to sleep past 0000.
What I learned this year about de-stressing the holidays: Share meal making among the adults. Remember next year.
I've learned and experienced A LOT of things in 2011. Throw away the bad things and hold on tight to good things. Keep moving forward :)
“@PositiveLearner: I learned this year that when life knocks you down, you get back up.”
I really don't have any NY resolutions. I've learned from my previous mistakes and I plan to make 2012 an epic year!!
Overall this year has been a pretty good year. I've had good & bad days, but I just take it as a lesson learned & thank God for EVERYTHING!
Dnt believe what everyone say. I just learned dat da hard way
“@Mizz_KJD: One thing I learned is that people are going to talk about you whether you are doing bad or good ----Rgt!
I learned a lot this year
Thing I learned this Christmas: Why Germans say that mildly amusing things are funny. DE Lustig == EN Fun and Funny (Also, Lust is not lust)
I go into 2012 knowing that Ive learned from my mistakes, theres no looking back now. Just keep pushing forward.
I learned who my real friends are & what a real friend is suppose to be
I learned in 2011 to live your life to the fullest b/c you never know when it's your last and stay on the right path(Proverbs 4:23-27)
I learned some valuable lessons last night
Woke up dumb excited, blessed be the name of the Lord. :-) I learned, I loved, this year I'll LIVE :-) taking back me time!
I've learned never to show emotions in public. Because when you do, men are quick to dub you as "crazy." :/
I forced way too much stuff in 2011, and I learned my lesson the hard way
I learned that I past relationships have affected and changed me way more than I thought...
and I learned a lot. I met a lot of people, made new friends, and I'm just grateful for all the blessings. Thank you, Lord, for this year.
2011 was an amazing year for me ! Moved,traveled,learned,realized I really cherish my fam and close friends,great new man & good health !
i've learned to coop w/ it ...
I learned that I really don't have a best friend . Either your like a sis or you're not .
I DEFINITELY learned who my friends were in 2011!!! That's probably the biggest lesson I learned this year FOR SURE!!
Well, I keep gettin' younger, my life's been funny that way. Before I ever learned to talk I forgot what to say. -- Neil Young
2011, so far, is the toughest year for me. The experience are way so different from the previous. Yet I learned and keep on learning.
Between the break up, liars, back stabbers, fakes and everything else I can honestly say I am thankful for all I've learned in 2011.
I learned this year that sometimes you have to fall back....
2011, You've been an amazing year even if you're been the hardest. I've learned so much and am more than ready to face 2012
I've learned the importance in life
this year was full colour for me, happy, sadness, disappointed, frustated, anything and i learned a lot from them :D
Learned so much this year. I'm now prepared to share the last day of 2011 with a heart and mind open for tomorrow. 2012 will be phenomenal~
bitch is clearly extraterrestrial! “@bxc_: I learned a lot about humans this year...”
“@ispeakfemale: I haven't changed, I just learned not to be a push over.”
I learned this year that when life knocks you down, you get back up.
By far 2011 was one of my worse years experiencing lessons learned met new faces traveled new places but i'm glad to see family.
For the record I've had a hundred wedding songs and I also learned about love watching tom hanks movies. So there's that.
I learned a long time ago that God can handle people far more than we can. His vengeance is deep.
2011 was definitely a year to remember. one of my dream has come true again, i have learned a lot and grown up so much from that experience.
I'm used to being on my own..learned how to look after myself..and make me into a better person
But I'm a stronger n better woman bcuz of it and I learned a lot about myself, life, love n the road to healing this year
Man I learned alot this year & i will try not too make those same mistakes in 2012
2011 was so good to me, I learned more than I ever expected and I'm so thankful ...its only up from here !!
2011 definitely wasn't my best. I've learned some things and had some bad times, but the biggest thing I learned is life moves on.
I learned to let things go for it made me a stronger, wiser and more happier person!
"@_BigMike62: I use to do that but I learned my lesson big time neva play with nobodys emotions"
I've learned that life is not a fairy tale not everyone gets a happily ever after.
Pastor I am sitting in church and I learned moving forward into 2012 involves saying goodbye to my past and facing my fear of the future
Lowkey, thank God I learned how to handle my liquor.  Cuz last night.....I was OFF MY ASSSSSS drunk smh
No rush to start the new year. I'm going 2 recollect my ups and downs of this year. I learned alot about life and became a stronger person.
Thank you 2011 for the rollercoaster ride, I've learned a lot!:) All the best and CHEERS to 2012! Have a Blessed New Year, Friends!:)
This year started with a mistake, brought terrible news. Had good friends learned a lot about myself. I'm ready to start 2012 fresh :)
I'm not taking any of this years problems into next year only the lessons I learned...
I learned to let go and let God real quick ") .I'm good ..
I learned 2 check my own motives completely before growing suspicion about someone else's. The only ones that can really hurt me are my own.
I think 2011 was my transition year, I went through many nights of crying & learned a lot about myself !
This the last day of 2012..2011 was kinda hell for me but it was also the year I learned alot of things and grew up.
Things I learned in 2011: my Lovies taught me how family should treat each other!
I learned what really matters and who really deserves to be a part of my life.
- in 2011 I learned a lot about this bad attitude of mine!!!! & I also learned everyone don't have your best intrest in mind!!!
Treat the ppl i love like i wanna be loved. This is a lesson learned.
Lounging in bed with the dogs... Remember what an amazing year it has been. I've learned, laughed, loved... Such a memorable year!!
I have learned to love the lie.
"@adoR3_ms_JaR3ka: I'll never forget the valuable lessons I learned in 2011"
Wow I learned soooooooooooooo frikkin much dis year!!!
2011 is full of sorrows. but it's ok, I got ɑ lot of lessons to be learned :')
2011: memorable year. I've learned so much there.. Be better next year, amin.
2011 has been a very interesting year and although I learned a lot, not heartbroken to see it leave. Hoping 2012 is a good one!
One thing I learned bout myself this year is that I will hurt a bitch feelings over some good dick lmao I was drunk doe
I've learned that sometimes good people finish last .
I've learned a lot in the past few months than I have all this year
“@SweetestLove15 “@Mel_BombasHell 2012 I won't give a sh*t about a lot..I've learned that things are better that way””
Another thing i've learned this year is not to be fooled by written/typed words because the emotion it speaks is unclear :))
One thing I learned is that people are going to talk about you whether you are doing bad or good so there is no need to prove anything...
Dear 2011, you will be missed. Thank you for all the sweet and sour memories. You have been such a great year. I've learned a lot. Again, tq
2011 want bad, I mean I learned a put about myself and others that will only make me stronger ; but 2012 is mine. 18, graduation, college <3
All this hatred i learned from you guys , i've been upfront honest and will continue like that
Thank you, 2011. I know I use this phrase every now and then but, "no regrets, just lessons learned" ☺ ♡
in 2011 I learned a lot about life and rships
I learned Korean because of My bias~
Good morning beautiful people :) I've learned so much this year but am glad it's ending. Party safe and kiss somebody at midnight <3
I learned a lot this year .
Eek I said it. On a lighter note.. I also learned...I don't like crunching numbers, trying to get peeps to spend $ rather than save $..
“@N0ClothesON I learned that EVERYONE is not my friend & how to differentiate real from fake .”
man dis is a lesson learned i swear ! never aqain , ihateee dis
Meanwhile I was in the bedroom next to their's, in a 1 bathroom apartment lol. But I've grown and have learned to appreciate what I have.
What have I learned in 2011? If you give a girl your sweater you'll never get it back...happy new year. love y'all.
I have learned that it is important to think about everything before you buy it.
Celebrating my 2nd New Year in Tucson. Learned alot about myself 2011. I hope the life lessons I will learn in 2012 will be less harsh!
2011 was a rather enlightening year.  But I'm thankful for the experiences and lessons learned.
I learned that EVERYONE is not my friend & how to differentiate real from fake .
One thing I learned this year is that change is inevitable and embracing it helps you to move on.
Wanna thank God for allowing I and the family to see another great year from which I hope we learned how to treat others better!
I've learned more about value this yr then before!
fixing light circuits... This reminds me of my mom. I learned most of the electricity I know from her
What I have learned on tweeting. If you say boobs, Obama, and zombie you could viewed by all the crazies in the world. .W
Last year I kept it simple on NYE: church, Zimms, then a shindig... This was also the night I learned vodka + champagne don't mix
Thank you 2011 for the rollercoaster ride, I've learned a lot for sure. All the best and Cheers to 2012!:)
2011 was a rough yr. I learned much. Cried many tears & left much behind, good & bad.  Looking forward to a fresh new start in 2012.
I learned that Sandy Squirrel lives in a bio-dome.
I use to do that but I learned my lesson big time neva play with nobodys emotions
2011 you've been quite the bi polar BIA but I still learned so much and I am grateful for the lessons but even more grateful for you leaving
2011 .. I learned a lot from u .. 2012 .. please surprise me :) please be better ♥
Was going to list everything I've seen, done, learned, laughed at, sang along to, walked into this year, but that could take all day.
New Year and it should be a New ME!!:D .I've learned many things this 2011 but there is one thing i learned the most - Be thankful to God.
I've learned && grown SO much in 2011. . It's crazy. . My mindset about life changed drastically for the better && I'm glad :-)
I'm really going to take advantage of ✌☝✌ So many lessons learned,but from now on I'm doing anything and everything tht makes me happy.
«@FamousWomen One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. -Lucille Ball»
«@Tha_DA_show Learned only to put "Lol" when I'm serious so I can get away with being disrespectful» you too
2011 has went by so fast, but with such good memories. I learned a lot especially who I can and can't trust as well as can and can't rely on
This year I lost my job after 8years.... other than that, it's beeb awesome. I've learned and been reminded of so much :)
I've honestly learned to live for now, because life is way to short to stress about the little things. U never know, Tomorrow may never come
Hoping that 2012 will let me learn a lot more than what I've learned for the past year. Cheers to a Blessed New Year!!
alot has happened this yr i learned && still learning from it today cant wait to see wat 2012 has in store for my life
In 2011 i learned to let things go dnt stress over things u cant control,nd let god fight my battles ya feel me...wat yall learned doe.???
2011 started as a nightmare for me but I've learned so much with every step that I was able to make along the way.
Im spending the last day of this year based on how my year was. Blessed and positive. I grew and learned so much this year.
I learned this year that my journey is mine to travel and those that accompany me may not be there for the duration...
So used to constantly being around fam, friends, etc but I learned how to be solo this year...
2011 taught me a lot of things that i know not to do in 2012 ,  i learned a lot that made me a better person
On the last day of 2011, I confess that I learned to stand even when it wasn't popular.
I'm not a b*tch. I JUST LEARNED HOW TO STAND up for myself & not take sh*t from people.”
If there's one thing I've learned from 2011, it's hands down how precious time is! Motto for 2012: Carpe diem :)
I learned many things from those who come and go all my life during 2011 . Thnkyou :)
I dont think I would have regreted it, it would have just taken it as a lesson learned
“@xoMellyMEL: I guess this is thee end. I learned a lot this year. Guess its time to open a new book and close thee old one”
this year is a bumpy ride because i made huge mistakes , did not so good to my friends but i learned a lot from it   .happy new year friends!
“@AntonioBrown84: Reflection : As the year end and a new one begin; I reflect on events of the past ; lesson learned , and wisdom gained !”
The Difference Betwn Me & U Is... I Don't Mind Being Proven Wrong... U Just Helped Me Learned Something New, A Negative Into A Positive
I ain't gon say ima change for new years .... I just learned alot in 2011
2011 was the year I learned to do things on my own. Indie girl \m/
I learned from the best i learned from you
I Learned To Love Myself Unconditionally Because I Am Queen…
2011 was a good ass learning year! I learned alot of shyt bout alot of people and shyt this year!
2011.... the year i learned the most about guys & even female personalities. The year i learned how to say "Fuck Em" and move on.
I learned alot in 2011, I have a son in Boy Scouts and a son in Cub Scouts. I also chaperoned our Church Youth camp and survived :)
Albert Camus~ In the depths of winter I finally learned there was in me an invincible summer.
I have learned that I am Strength & I no longer need 2 create the illusion of strength 2 make others love & appreciate me~Malathy Drew
I learned how to make the right decisions , the smart way .
Well, I'm not stupid now...I learned!!!
2011 was crazy but it taught me a lot & I've learned from it !!!!!!
When my kids were small and I woke up first, that was the only alone time I got so I learned how to be quiet. Husband has no clue
Wrote two poem between tweets..have many to go. I get in these "creative moods" and have learned to sit and let the words flow.. ;)
I learned how to do a cartwheel... 2011 is a success.
2k11 had its moments...but I will say I learned and matured alot
I guess this is thee end. I learned a lot this year. Guess its time to open a new book and close thee old one
If there's one important lesspn i've learned this year, that is to be ready all the time. Goodbye 2011.
I learned more this year than ever in my life....
Throughout my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes. Most of all I've learned...
But I've learned a lot this year
I have no regreats going into 2012, every lesson I learned was for a reason.
I learned what love was unfortunately ..
I learned that shit from my pregnant btc. Lol
On the last day of 2011, I confess that I have learned to be honest in all of my dealings.
This year was the best and worst year ever. I'm just gonna say it was good cuz I learned a lot and made this year actually mean something 
"@clara_moshi: 2011, i learned a lot in this year."
I met some unforgettable people and learned some valuable lessons in 2011
I learned workin' with the NEGATIVE, can make for better PICTURES!!!
I've  learned.... That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.   - Andy Rooney
2011 was like the study guide and 2012 is the exam to c if I learned anything
I just learned something. Never be a sound man when I'm high, I'll off everything!!! Shit!!! Hahaha
i think its important to take a look back before we look forward to 2012. a lot can be learned from our pasts
I've learned to let things go ...
Something I learned putting together a floor puzzle with my daughter: as long as you have all the pieces, a complete picture can be produced
Happy New Year's eve ! 2011 went by so fast . I learned a lot this year tho , about who your real friends are & who aren't .
I learned so much about myself this year and excited about 2012. Year of no fear..#Happy new year2012♥
I'm also grateful for the lessons I've learned, and the joys, pains and struggles I've endured in 2011. I've grown from them all.
I learned a lot in 2011 .. I'm only getting smarter.
Oh god, I just learned that it was Sir Alex's 70th birthday too. Ouch.
Things I've learned this 2011. Never chew more than you can swallow.
You would think I would have learned my lesson about Ciroc by now!!
Things I've learned this year: DON'T throw boiling oil in a glass, it'll explode. Consequences: Second degree burns on my hand and stomach.
These two eyes don seen a lot & I learned I can trust & depend on Jesus The good the bad no matter whats ahead of me I'm ready as il ever be
in 3 words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: IT GOES ON
Reading this site, I've learned 1 thing: people are pathetic
in 2011 I learned nothing from old animals. It was all new animals.
Well 2011 wasn't my best year being thru ups and down and i learned from my mistakes ,i hope 2012 brings good things .
On thing I learned in 2011, niggas are FLEXERS
I have learned so many wonderful things this year...
I learned how to drink beer in 2011. I dyed my hair in 2011. I graduated from college in 2011. What's up for 2012? :))
This year I've lost friendships and gain some. I learned how to forgive and move on, but never forget.
Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb and Alain Bashung are multi-directional...
Something new I learned this year: in Central America the grades SHB/HB & SHG/HG are based on cup quality, not actual altitude.
I've learned that I have more fingers than I have friends
In 2011, I learned that sometimes u shouldn't give people the benefit of the doubt. Trust ur gut instinct.
I learned so much about myself n other ppl in 2011
New Year's Eve fact: I learned from the German Twitterers I follow that the word for "New Year's Eve" in German is "Silvester."
What a year! I learned that it's okay for some to go, and some to stay. Thx to everyone who shaped my life. I am now a better person \(^_^)/
My eyes are intoxicating ??? I learned a new word today Lmao ;)
Finish cleaning up & write down everything that I've learned this year :-)
- in 2011 I learned a lot about myself... I matured a lot w/ in the last 6 months!!!
...What lesson have I not learned? What have I not accepted? What am I not willing to face?
I am not proud of some of the things I have done, but I am GRATEFUL for the lessons I've learned from them.
2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned ..!!
I've learned that things only bother you if you let it!..
Baby i learned the way to break a heart...cho man Whitney
I have learned..that n life ..there comes a time when u must do things on your own...u cnt live ur life based on others choices!
a lot has happened in 2011 and I'm immensely grateful for all the Blessings and lessons that I learned this year! it was Crazy Beautiful! ;p
2011 is almost over:) This was my most difficult year so far. Happy I learned something and happy its over:))
“@ClearlyOriginal I've learned that some people are flakes and don't even realize it”
Aaaaa... 2011 gonna end soon. Thx for this whole year. I've learned what i've need to learn.. Always hope for the best!! :)
Sums it up!RT:@AntonioBrown84 As the year ends and a new one begins; I reflect on events of the past; lesson learned, and wisdom gained
Sitting back and reflecting on 2011. It was a year for growth. I learned so much. Thankful for this fresh start. Happy new year everyone!
2011 is the turning point of my life. I learned a lot. It changed me, tremendously. I m a different person now, a better person...
In 2011 I smiled, cried, laughed, loved, trusted, hated… & learned a lot about myself and the people around me.
My New Years resolution is simple...to take everything I've learned in 2011 and put it to use in 2012 to become a better individual
I'm enjoyin every single bit of d last day of 2011 as I gained a lot experiences and learned frm them too! Here we go to a brand new year!
2011? thanks for everything this year I learned a lot from everything.....☺☹♡</3
In 2011 I learned a lot of things made mistakes , cried , laughed and did some stupid shit,  but 2012 is going to be better !.....I hope
I've learned... in 2011 .that either you control your  .attitude or it controls you.
I cried, I smiled, but the most important I learned --> 2011 memories
I want to say "lesson learned" but I'm afraid its not learned! Lol
2011 is year that filled me with hurts and at the same time laughters. This year, i learned alot and i think i grew up too. (:
Last day of this wonderful year, so many thing I've learned, it wasn't easy though…
"N 3 WRDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I LEARNED ABOUT LIFE: IT GOES ON"
Another thing that I learned this year is if you gone do something.. Do it right the 1st time so you don't have to suffer the consequenc ...
I've learned... in 2011 .that we are responsible for what we do,  .no matter how we feel.
2011 taught me so much...the most important thing I learned was that although we may wander God is and will always be in our corner
Trying to convince myself I found one, making a mistake I never learned from..
Today I try to get out from my comfort zone and it's not really that bad. I learned a lot of things
2011 I Must admit was a tough year, alot of valuable lessons learned.
Thank u 2011 for giving me Everything I hav asked for_ Most importantly the Lessons Learned!!_U Rocked!!
For every mountain, for every trial,  for every lesson learned, I GIVE  U PRAISE!!!!!!!!!! Thank u Lord u brought me out, u carried me thru!
I've learned... IN 2011 .that you can do something in an instant  .that will give you heartache for life.
bitches ruin my life but as a true belieber I've learned not to fight back on unnecessary things!!
2011 did not bring a great end for me. I smiled through it all though. Was angry/upset @ some point, but I learned that only God knows.
The things I've been through this year smh. But yet Im still standing and with a smile at that. Ive considered it all as a lesson learned
I've learned workin with the negatives could make for better pictures. I've learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture.
Lol I learned something new last night
Could it be that at the tender age of (almost) 44 I have at last learned the art of age appropriate drinking?
The cat learned to open the bedroom door, so I guess it's goodbye to ever sleeping in again (where 'in' = 'past 4am')
Same one that's quick to say fuck me over a misunderstanding is the same one I stuck by after I learned FACTS! BITCHES AIN'T REAL!
I've learned over the years that God is no respecter of persons..n this simply means..that he is not bias..he gives us what he knows is best
Goodbye 2011, I'll miss you! Thank you for all the challenges you have tested me. I've learned a lot.
I learned who my true friends are. They've loved me when I haven't been so lovable.
Thanking God for another blessed day. Thanking him for ALL the good things that happened to me this year & for all the things I learned.
If I've learned something this year, it is that you can always count on yourself to avoid being backstabed!
sometimes i wish i learned french instead of italian.
«@So_Ambitious7 «@LivefromHollyWD I learned for every lose, there's a gain & for every gain there's a lost.»»
2011 was definately a crazy ride. I lived and learned and had some of the best moments of my life. Happy new year followers!
I learned how to humble myself
I learned pretty quickly that you have to be careful who you trust.
On another awesome note...i learned a new way to wrap my boxing hand tape!!! :-D FREAKIN' DOPE!!!
So through 2011 I have learned alot through school and the streets. I am grateful for struggle in both cause it makes me stronger.
2011, i learned a lot in this year.
I learned to live, half alive
I learned that sometimes a boy just wants you to tell him you love him w/o him always saying it 1st.
In 2011 I've learned so much about myself. Mostly that no girl needs to base her happiness off of a man. Don't throw your heart away ladies.
Apart from that I also learned to be more patient with things beyond the limits of my patience.
Although this year has been very painful for me.. I've learned that the human spirit, although damaged, can still prevail.
Happy New Year Tweeters! New year, new lessons to be learned, new chances to be taken :) God bless and I hope you're all having a blast! <3
As I look back on this year I remember all the amazing ppl I met and lessons learned....
At the end of 2012, I have learned that the seasonal friends can be disguised to look like long-term friends...
In 2012 I've learned the ppl I thought fooled with me really didn't...so I let them go for some ppl that did & life got waaay better
I've learned that there are a lot of lowkey heauxs
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. -Diane Sawyer
I've learned love is like a brick you can build a house or sink a dead body!
Last tweet of the year,2011 you flew by,and I'll again say "every year is a blessing earned & a lesson learned"Happy New Year! 2012 is here!
This is the last day of this messed up year., I learned a lot and made it through hard times.,
“@MsLaniece I honesty learned alot this year!!”
Don't want to over-resolution myself. 2011 has been a good year, accomplished things I hadn't before, made mistakes I learned from
Found myself right back where I was around this time last year, but somehow its so different. No regrets. Only lessons learned.
I Already Know God Gone Give Them BASTARDS Hell,He Makes NO Mistakes,Jus A Lesson Learned
I swear the past few days I learned so much ....
2011 might have been the worst year of my life. I will never forget the lessons i learned this year.
In ‎2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned♥
We're on the top of the world...well atop the roseberry. Or as i have learned today, the little matterhorn
I just learned how to make self rising flour
Last night, I learned a lot......
I've definitely learned over the year that "friends" aren't friends and people don't make the letters the letters make them...
Carbs, carbs, carbs, I have learned more about carbohydrates in the last 2 days than I have in my life. I'll soon be expert at avoiding them
One of the best gifts this year was I learned how to drive :D
I hate the whole "new me" shits but I love reading what people have learned throughout the year.. I think it's cool
Reflection : As the year end and a new one begin; I reflect on events of the past ; lesson learned , and wisdom gained ! 2012,u ready? i am
Hopefully 2012 will be better then 2011, but still, I'm thankful for all the lessons learned.
Alice Walker~ I have learned not to worry about love but to honor its coming with all my heart.
2011 was a good year I learned a lot about People in my life
Last day of the year, a bad one actually, lots of problems and bad experiences, but I learned a few things and that makes me happy
RT ‎2011 = I Cried , I Smiled , I Lost , I Found , I Gained , I Faught , I Argued , I Lost Friends , Gained Some New Friends , & I Learned
The end of this year was rough but I woke up this morning feeling so peaceful with how it all turned out. Lessons were learned.
I learned to like the finer things I learned from the best S/O to them twins that taught me that lml
i also hv learned that the best classroom is at the feet of an elderly person
I've learned so much throughout 2011 damnit.
I honesty learned alot this year!!
damn lookin bck at this year there was ALOT of memories made , alot of lessons learned , & alot of ppl i lost . . * shrugs , awwww
I hear well as soon as I put him/her down they run. Well so did Matt. Matt learned to run about a day after learning to walk. As soon
No need for a New Years resolution. I've already learned how to deal with shit that matters and NON MF'N FACTORS...
Gratitude and lessons learned in 2011. New baby = expanded heart and more love to give in 2012! Lez do dez teh!! I am claiming it!!! Yahu!
I hate when people OVER use a word they just learned .
I Cannot even begin to speak about my 2011... Just Grateful to God for The Gift of Life, Family, Friends and Lessons Learned.
2011 was the year I learned who was real and who was fake towards me
I've experience  a lot this year. I've learned a lot too, ready to move on and leave this year behind. 2012 year will be a great year.
I learned a lot in 2011. Thanks to everyone who was a part of it. May 2012 be one hell of an awesome year for all of you!
2011 has been the most challenging year of my life. But I learned so much. I am reminded of Prov 18:24 when I look back on this year
I learned that the ones you love, can hurt you. But that it's okay to love them anyway. None of us are perfect.
Ive LEARNED so much just by being with the WRONG person I couldnt thank him ENOUGH!
I plan on taking all these lessons learned into 2012 with me!
This year I grew up a lot. Not just physically, but mostly mentally and emotionally. I learned that things should never be taken for granted
But through it all I learned that god would not put me into anything that I could not handle. Prayer made me stronger and I will continue
dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned -Eminem
I learned that fear isn't healthy; push past inhibitions & reach for what you want, what you deserve.
Don’t judge me by the mistakes I’ve made, but by what I’ve learned from them.
So in 2011 I learned a lot just by observing the people I was around. Some were real, some were fake and some were just different.
"Last Day Of 2011" I've learned and I've grown and still getting better each day,I wish ALL of my loved ones a happy & prosperous yr in 2012
;*If I Don't FUCK With You On Ah Daily Or Don't Hear From You At ALL I Thank You For Ah LESSON LEARNED ...
2011MEMORIES,cried , i smiled , i lost , i gained , i fought , i argued , i lost "friends" , i found myself , i learned ."
2011 has come and gone and as I reflect I realize this was the most pivotal year in terms of life lessons learned.
I learned a lot 2011.
The most important thing that I've learned is to never give up on your passion, God has its way to show us what's really important..
