I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship and I'm awkwardly sitting there like; "..I love my dog."
I hate working mornings in shoes, because there's never anything to do, especially when I close the night before.
I hate it when people tweet about what they're doing during a party and make other people who just left it feel so bad.
I hate when two TVs are on...the volume drives me crazy
I hate when you're gone
I hate it when kids go craaaaaaaaaaaazieeeeeeeer than me! X(
If you KNOW I hate when you do it, wtf you doin it for?
I hate when ppl try to make you feel stupid for being yourself
I hate when mf's can't hold they liquor.!
«@hairdiva_10 i hate when people shoot guns on New years. ..#notsafe»
•° I Hate When People walk around  With Crust On There Mouth and Eyes.....I Be Wanting To Wash There Face SO Bad! •° ♥
I hate when people bother me in the morning when I'm barely awake yet .
I hate it when a bad memory ruins a good song.
I hate when niggas/bitches sit around & flaunt the shit they got, making sure everybody know. That's that wack shit
I hate when guys leave the stickers on their hats I get it you paid $50 bucks congrats you don't see women leaving their clothes tags on!
I hate when all sorts of "what-if's"  flood my head... *sighs*
i hate when ppl get other ppl CONFUSE
I hate it when dad drives like he's in F1 on roads next to rivers wah :-(
fuck sake, i hate it when people tell you what to do and try to lead your life instead of their own!! do one!
I hate when I'm asleep &nd I can still hear my step brothers marching UP &nd DOWN the hallway all morning. -_- sit yall behinds DOOOWN!
i have 2 season tickets for chelsea v villa but cant go,just hate when that happens.
I hate when you can't tell if the expiration date says 2008 or 2012 decisionsdecisions ipad trade in
I hate when someone say they gon do something & the don't do it! Like wtf! Pissed!!!!
Ugh I hate going out when I work the next day I feel like dyyiinng I swear.
I hate when people I don't know tweet me. I think it's creepy. BUT I'M A CREEPER MYSELF??
I hate when people say they won't hurt you & that's all the end up doing.
“@mahaAlsubaiee: “@shaikah7: I hate it when I make plans, get excited & then my mom says- "NO.."” ee mn jid ;)”
I hate when ugly girls talk shit. I be like 0_0
i hate when ppl puposely say shit like oh craig mabbitt is gay when im fucking listening to his musiay6NVz
I hate when no one texts me while im up but soon as im sleep someone kals or texts like 4-5 minutes after and i miss it
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship .and I'm awkwardly sitting there like; ."..I love my dog."
I hate when my phone randomly lights up. Especially when I want someone to text me. Then it's like a big fuck you.
I hate when people i know , but barely actually know , get my tweets sent to their phone . Stalker much ?
I hate when pple owe YOU money and THEY get mad when YOU ask them for YOUR shit!!
I hate when ppl dont kno how to text
I hate when my momma act like this.
I hate when people ask me what's my favorite song or whatever b/c I can never choose
I don't hate people, I just feel better when they are not around :)
Hate waking up and feeling like I have work when I actually don't, but I keep waiting for that call to come saying I'm late
I hate when you get really close with someone, you could literally trust them with anything and thenyb2Mo0
i hate it when someones tumblr is full of pictures of them
I'm ugly as hell right now. I hate the look of when I first wake up in the morning  -____-
Saaat ini laa bikin emosi :( I hate when I miss you when I hate when ugh blahs
I hate , when i'm sleepy but i can't sleep :"/   ( headache )
I hate when bitches who dnt even kno u lik that b all n ya business mind ya own bitch cuz u dnt kno me
I hate it when goons think they have the right to comment on my status. . .They don't.
I hate when my twitter is slow!!! :///
Hate when I'm sleeping so good and then my momma comes and wakes me up to ask a question...now I can't go back to sleep. Grr!
I hate the moment when I finish a tv series and suddenly I feel lost as to what I'm going to do next.
I honestly hate when people don't text me back though
I hate it when people judge people by what music they listen to!
I hate it when you say something but then you have to say it again because your not sure if you said it or not
I hate when guys try to make me feel bad for knowing big words
I hate it when people make you feel really insecure.
hate when people make snide comments. if i want your opinion, i would've asked for it.
I hate when people call me so damn early
I don't think I'd scream so much as I'd cry, because the boys hate when the girls scream. Plus I'm not much of a screamer.
I hate when I wake up and my scarf is nowhere to be found grrr
I hate when people wanna mess up a good time. I know somebody somewhere gonna think its a good night to get into a fight
Hate when I can't get someone out my mind .
I hate when people are late
I hate when commercials imitate Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man in the World or athletes imitate Cam Newton's Superman. Be more original.
I hate when people settle. Stop selling yourself short
I hate when im playing with my phone while im laying in bed and drop it on my face -__-
"I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people."
I really hate it when she is trying to be like me.... .Gonna have an awesome start into the new year with my Boy and family
Lol"@folafresh: Hate it when I ask u something nd u use a smiley to reply me,that rubbish better end this year"
I hate it when little kids are on Twitter. :/ nd thn they tlk lyke dis . Auvekrhwb!!!!
I hate it when people ask the most stupid questions!
I hate it when people try to play the victim
I hate when the people say they don't want the foor. Please, you're getting it for free don't be so snobby just TAKE IT
i hate when im trying to tell someone something but i cant put it in words.
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
Had a long nite... hope my bby girl wake up feelin betta... i hate when she sick :/
I hate when the executive director here he always make me take off my hat like wtf its a gym
I hate when the lyrics I think I hear are better than the actual lyrics.
Hate when I wake up with a stuffy nose
I hate when ppl say new year new me.. Nigga u ain't changing
best night in awhile.. gonna be the best day ever (: oh btw love when ppl i hate follow me(: two thumbs up(:
I hate when ppl does follow me & I really have no clue who they be .!!
I hate when I`m sleeping and someone  wakes me up -__-
I hate when ppl ask me for stuff at the last minute
I hate when I'm about to fall asleep and my phone rings :(
I HATE when people walk around with their neck covered in hickeys
I hate when people bring up things from the past just to hurt me.
I hate when I can see what I'm doing and yet I don't stop myself. It only leads to me feeling sorry later...
I hate it when you've got a song stuck in your head but you only know that one line.”
I need more fun people to follow. I hate when my timeline stops.
Oh I hope my best alabama friends know I'm wearing my LSU shirt when I come visit lol!! Y'all gonna hate me
I love it when u give me head, I hate it when u give me headache!!!
I hate when I'm paranoid. I think too much
ILove it when you give me head but I hate when give me headaches
I hate when i ask someone for advil and they're like no i have tylonal. Like i dont care what kind just give me something to cure a headache
I hate when people like their own statuses/pictures. You posted it, so you obviously like it.
I hate when people say how much they going to change in a new year you the same punk butch from 2011 2010 2009 2008 ...... 1992 Lmfao
I hate when I wake up around 3-5 am because I can't go back to sleep instantly. When I finally get sleepy, it's time to get up! -_________-
I hate when people talk to me
I Hate When People Say Money Cant Change Them ... Like You Havent Experienced REAL Money Yet So How Can You Know. Smh
I hate myself when I'm crying in front of my friends. Mesti diorang ingat aku cengeng.
"@_LoveeMyHaters: I hate that awkward moment of silence when youu on the fone, thats why I'd rather text ."
I hate when your trying to get over a lane but the guy next to you keeps speeding up to look at you.. Fuckingcreeeperr!
I hate it when an orange has pips in it.
Ugh I hate when people wake me up!
I hate it when the commentators make it sound like underdog teams are lucky. Blackburn deserves every damn goal!
I hate when people say they have a new years resolution...really lol your that fucking brain washed haha should make changes everyday...
I hate when people wake me up for no reason! -__-
when people mistake my smileys as flirting , i hate that. if make this "((: or ((;" face then im flirting this "(:" is just being nice lol
I love it when you give me head, i hate it when you give me headaches
I hate when I drink; I wake up real early. But why though? I'm gonna try and sleep til noon.
i hate when you change your bedcovers and have to use an ugly one.
I really hate when I send a text and people pretend they don't get it.
I hate when people send me question marks before saying anything, like is there a question you'd like to ask me
Ah! EFF! I hate when I ter-typo.
I hate when buses be early lls
I hate when I get comfy in bed & realize I forgot to do something .
Tryna steal our swagg I hate when a no name nigga try be like a real detroit nigga to blend in or seem cool
I hate when he do that
Ugh hate when I can't sleep.
I hate when I'm the only person up!
i hate it when people who doesnt use twitter have DA perfect username.
I hate when I puke, I feel like my heart is getting yanked out and my eyes will pop out.
I FUCKING HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE WAKE ME UPPPP OMFG .
"@nickywill6: Hate waking up with morning wood lol" I HATE when it take forever to go away
that ruined my morning. Wow, I hate it when this happens..
How can some1 have as there bb status that they HATE a child.. Then get rude 2 me when i comment. If u have a status ppl will comment dick
I hate when I send text messages when in half sleep. I text jibberish.
I hate when im awake ,and erybody sleep .
Hate when my grandma try to make me eat . I'm not a breakfast person really ..
i really hate when parents tell you  for now on u onur own shm!!
I hate when we as parents teach our sons and daughters to be boy thugs and seductive little ladies!!! With the world we live in today,
I hate when I go to dunkin donuts and they don't mix my coffee and all the flavor is on the bottom
swear i hate when people steal, borrow, or try to alter my tweets to make it look like its theirs
I hate when my mom don't know a song fully through , and she mumble up to the part that she do know.
I hate it when i smile at a person, they won't smile back.
Ughh , i hate when dudes try to talk to me , then they go get a gf . like wtf is YOUR point
I hate when my make up runs ugh
i cant fell my foot... D: i hate when they fall asleep.... :(
i hate those days when ur so bored all u can do is tweet whats on ur mind
why do i get butterflies when you talk to me ugh hate you
- ughh i hate when my aunt walk you can hear her ass why you sleep
I hate when I'm the first one in the house to wake up
I hate it so much when people insult my family.
I hate when my notifications pile up but I always clear them & forget I had them
I hate when Im sleep n sumone wake me up but it was my stinks(Bryce) so gotta luv him
I Hate When A Female Constantly Brag On A Nigga EVERYYYYYBODY Done Had Hoe He Aint Nannn New He Been Passed Down Generations Lol
When someone hurts your feelings, they really meant to say, im miserable, I hate life& nobody loves me
Why is it that when I see 1D fans on Twitter, I love it. But when I see fans in public or at school, I hate it?
I hate when someone wants to wear shades indoors or at night and some clown tells them to take them off because there's no sun. STFU, foh.
i hate when people smack  when they eat >_<
«@non_PHiction06 I hate when people text n drive»
I hate when girls pride themselves SOLELY on looks... Yeah, you fine but you RETARD as fuck & can't hold an intelligent conversation... SMH!
Hate when my step dads parents are up! I am currently sitting on my kitchen bunker cause they took the lounge! GO HOME
I hate when I wake up and my stomach sounds like its eating itself but I have no energy to get up to go to the kitchen
My sister wants us to go on vacation to a beach when she knows I hate the beach... I wanna go to Alaska...
RT"@ERlC_CARTMAN: I hate when you offer someone a sincere compliment on their mustache and suddenly she's not your friend anymore."
Hate feeling rubbish when I know I got a big night ahead of me...:(
, i hate when im layin in my bed all extra comfortable&shit...then i gotta get up to do something..
i hate when problems are left unsolved over night.
I hate when people say "ohhh I looooove music." No shit.
hate it when people think im being lazy for lying in, i need to up my thyroid tablets, fuck off going on at me, really not my fault.
I hate it when I have stupid dreams.
I hate when people think a tweet is about them , stop being sooo insecure
I hate when I wake up from a bad dream :((
I hate it when my bath water gets cold..
Hate when I have to take a poop and my phone is still charging...{I pulled it off}
i hate it when ur shower curtain attacks you when you taking a shower. .-__________________________-
Don't I hate when u talkin to somebody and they swear up and down they not gona look threw yo phone.
I hated Berbatov when he played for Spurs...still hate him now.
I hate when you have a dream and you can't remember who the guy was. Ugh. Makes me wanna try to dream about it again. It was cute though :)
i hate it when i text my mum and accidently put about 10 kisses on it.
I hate when e mails come though my 6:30, in da morning....
Hate It , When I Fuck Up My Work >:[
I hate when all my plans are at night, I sit around all day doing nothing!
I hate it when people talk to you about things they dont have a clue about!
I hate when people are late for work
I hate when a nigga copy sumthin he see sumbodie else do for attention don't nobody gaf
I hate it when your in the shower/bath for too long and your skin goes all wrinkly and you feel like your grandparents.
I hate when my mom be tryna talk/text like she young...like no stay in your age group >.<VmPyuP
I Hate When People Wait Til New Years Then Want To Start Changing Shit In Their Life..
I HATE WHEN I WAKE UP ON MY BACK AND THE CEILING FALL IN MY EYE CUZ MY DICK GO THRU THE ROOF -__-
Yo, I fucking hate when people constantly change their twitter name. Fuck, like next time you change it unfollow me and let me know.
I hate when people talk to me when I don't feel like talking
i hate it when guys show off they're muscles. as if girls really like they're abs
, hate when ppl be sayyin " i ont got beef with nobody that beef shit is so last yr "
I hate it when i meow at cats and they dont meow back. Unbelievably rude.
I hate when liars call me a liar
I hate when you find something that you lost bt u dnt remember puttin it where u found it
I hate when people send me long messages. Im not reading it.
I hate when people say "ohhh I looooove music." No shit
I hate when people text n drive
I HATE IT WHEN SOMEONE CHECKS MY MSGS. Yes, hate.
I really hate when I be on twitter around this time because every bitch horoscope be tweeting
I hate it when stuff like this happens. Ugh.
I hate when your trying to sleep and other people in your house are up mad early talking loud as fuck. No consideration
I hate it when People Copies me !! Get Some Originality Men !! I'm really pissed Off by YOU!!
I hate it when I'm singing to a song and the artist gets the lyrics wrong.
i hate when people say happy new years . it's either happy new year's day or happy new year . stop trying to make shit plural .
I laugh at you inside when you think you know me and say you hate me. If anybody truly knew everything I deal with. That would be different
I know when I go back to school I am going to hate everything and everyone
I hate when people compliment something & someone calls it " dickeating .. " woah .
I hate when people say I can't believe u had a bby I'm almost 25 tf ..
Off to work. I hate early morning shifts. So boring. Feel free to text or tweet me and I'll answer you when I'm on lunch :)
I hate when people post a status.....#blankstare
I hate when my hair doesn't do what I want .
I prefer cleaning when no one else is home..or all sleep. I hate people walking around & shit while Im trynna clean up!
I hate it when they apologize. Hoon. Stop it. :(
I hate when I fall asleep by mistake. Laptop still open, phone not charging, hair not wrapped. Lol
Ok B..I quit. I just hate when ppl try to be funny when they dont even know what's goin on.
I hate when ppl say " This my year " , its only your year if you willing to work the same way you did when you started. Stay humble
I love it when I just woke up and measure my weight & have 2 kg loss weight. But I hate it when I ate , the weight just back normal -___-"
Ppl who know me...know I'm a neat freak! I hate when ppl claim their neat and when u go to their house...not the case
“@_barbiiedoll I thought my dream was real” I hate when that happens, you wake all excited and it's over.
I hate when you fall asleep on me... Because I am always just stuck there thinking of you. -_-
i hate when i get up ina middle of the night HUNGRY but there's shit to eat ! Yet i still tend to go thru the same routine every night smh
I hate when people get out the car at red lights, makes me nervous.
I hate when my family doesnt let me sleep in.
hate when ppl nagg , and try to argue wit me .. especially in the morning , i be havin a whole attitude already -_- ,
in bed. heating pad on my neck. getting my music album artwork and song titles perfect! i hate when they say the wrong thing!!
Pet peeve: I hate when ppl tag me in something without my consent...sheesh just tell the whole world what im doing
I Hate When People Put They Smiley Faces This Way :) Than This Way (:
I hate it when Im watchin Victorious and my brother starts watchin it. 1 he says its rubbish. 2 he said I cant watch his things :L
Hate when I let shit get to me
i hate when my eyelashes hit my glasses
I hate when my twitter app fucks up -___-
I dislike when people make up rumors...( hate is a strong word lol)
Hate when I try to explain some real good life lesson shyt . Just for them to embrace to most irrelevant aspect of what I'm tellin they ass
I really hate it when my plans are canceled Bess 3ashan Stupid Family gathering :/
I hate when my Mom's alarm goes off, waking me up and she doesn't even have work. I do. TurnOffYourAGkFHJQ
I hate when my lips are swollen in the morning .
RT@trisna_hidayat: i hate when some people DM me about mafia family, that is annoys me !!!"
Omg i hate when people put the same stuff that in my bio in theirs !
I hate it when people are lucky enough to meet famous people/ their idols and they still want more from them
Hate when they are late when I'm in time.
I hate it when people copy my tweets. That shit really pisses me off. Get your own cunts.
I hate when its dark and my brain is like , . . ." Hey you know what we haven't thought . . .of  in a  while? . . .MONSTERS."
RT"@Cause_iCan: I hate when new years comes around & ppl say see u next year. -__- idc if next year is tomorrow , don't say that to me."
Ugh I hate when random people tag you in stuff. Cant they make a block button or something ??
I hate when there Is NO connection in a shop :(
i HATE when you try to be nice & care enough to help a friend but they are dicks about it -__-
I hate when I can't go back to sleep
She Owe Me 20 Dollarss , Damnn I Hate When Bombss Say BORROW !
I hate when I mess up on tweets, like ughhh! Then I don't even realize til 5mintues later!
But I hate when I miss him
i hate it when people say "someone GOOD pop up" or something. harsh to the other people you talk to. get over yourself.
I hate being rushed.. ur get it when u get it
I hate when people try to tell me about the movie I'm watching.... Ay spoiler alert nigga... I don't wanna hear it
i hate when i take something from my mother like a month ago , & she just asking me were its at
I hate when I see niggas tryna bag a girl and when they get no play the be calling her dirty and shit ctfu
It's nothing I hate more than when small situations get blown up.
I hate when my nose bleed. Then when you goto sleep & wake up, you have hard bloody boogers in ya nose! >_< Vomitrocious
I HATE when ppl younger than me tell me what I should and shouldn't do .
I hate when ppl take me for granted cuz I do remember and I will get to ass back lol
I hate when people just up and decide to take it upon themselves to wake me up ;(
I hate early in the morning when you have tooooo pee Ugh !
I hate when im texting and nosy people try and read over my shoulder .... "Trick can i help you . ?"
I hate when my brother has company cause that means I have to wear pants around the house ! I'm tryna be Free but Noooo !
You see one thing I hate .. Is when people putting Lucia down :/ Just dont .. Not infront of me :(
I HATE When People Lie On Me And Say i Said Something i Didnt Say ; LieinAssBitchsa0sM
I really hate when people blow up my phone !
i hate it when i'm the last one to comment. LOL
I hate united. Just give up when you're losing.
I hate it when magazines have one direction on one side and JLS on the other because you can only have one of them on your wall! Grrrr
Hate when people say, "Idk how to get in contact with you" bet you if I won the fuckin lottery they ass will send a Facebook msg then
I hate when I attempt to take a sip of my DRINK & the ice attacks my face.
When they hate I don't never give a whole fuck
I hate when my back itches and I can't reach it.   Torture
i hate it when people wish me happy birthday on facebook
Well I FINALLY got some sleep last night.  I hate when I can't sleep. :-(
I hate it when my boyfriend tells me stuff I don't care about...then I'm always thinking about it.
I hate when boys act like they dont talk to other girls. If you do just say it
I hate when my mama b all in my pockets dnt worry abt my funds just nosy 4 no damn reason boy I cnt wait 2 she go outta town!!!
I hate how ppl wabba rush u when its on your time but when its theirs they take their sweet time
my friends hate when i bull shit
I hate the feeling of hopelessness you get, when you're scared but there's nothing you can do.
I hate when I do this -_____-
I hate when i think someone is calling me and they aren't. :|
i hate when people "uggs" be so thin .
Hate it when my mum says old fashioned phrases I don't understand!
I hate when chicks aren't even with a dude but they act like he can't fuck around with other chicks. He's not with you for a reason...
Hate not having someone to talk to when I'm down
I hate when you wake up and everything floods back to your head :(KkJ7Hr
I hate when I wake up before Amir. He takes forever to get up.. Boutta start kissin all over him to wake him up, Ctfuuuuuu :-)
I hate when people wake me up#fuckerss
i hate it when i sleep, but i have no perception of time, so i think i dont sleep as long..
"@nietorigineel_: I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people."
I hate it when people grab dogs by the scruff of their neck :-(
I hate waking up early when I don't have to -_-
I hate when DJ's fuck up songs cause they don't know how to DJ -_-
RT TScoopz: HATE WHEN PPL TELL ME BOUT GEH A GIRL FOR DEHM. !___!    I AM NOT FUCKIN CUPID!!<--- !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate when a nigga say talk is cheap , cause i'm the type that let money talk for me
I hate when women with mustaches be trippin about how they don't get approached. do something with that!! Bleach it or something
I hate that feeling you get in your tummy, when you find out bad news.
my parents hate it when i'm on the laptop while watching Tv. But my parents arn't home, so I don't care.
I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people.
I hate when the speed limit on the highway is 55mph. Who really travels at that speed... It's uncomfortable lol.
Hate it when I lay in bed for an hour and then have to rush to work. F*@k the mall.
I hate when i use a hint and there are 350 thousand solutions. like i couldnt have happened upon one before i wasted my hint?
I hate it when your speaking to a fit guy & he says "I'll add you on fb". I barely go on it anymore.
I Hate It When I Get Smakked Face ,, Then Get Woken Up Early To Some BS
i hate when i go2 RT a good tweet & it ends up being protected -_-
I hate when my white clothes turn pink
I hate when my mom doesn't answer the damn phone.
I hate when a chick gets clingy fallback yo
I hate when people mess shit up...I need my hair done NOW I gotta take pics in 2 hours and the receptionist jus fucked everything up
I hate when ppl act like they're doing something on there phone
I hate when everything on my phone runs slow.
i hate it when girls say 'omg i look tall' on there picture, you are tall in real life aswell ? :S
I hate when I text somebody and they don't text back ...
Usually I hate it when boys smoke, but Zayn makes even that attractive. ♥
I hate when people much younger than me try and sound like adults when they are talking, really gets on my nerves!
I hate when somebody wakes me up from my fucking sleep .
“ I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" Bitch you need to hibernate. ”
i hate when people tweet about how much hate they have for there ex's.. like keep that shit between you too.
Up early. Ugh, I hate when I can't go back to sleep!! -_____-
Ugh I hate when my Wiggles get sick
I hate when people ask you to help dem do some den u end up doin most of the work...#madazzhell
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you’re sad but you have no idea why. You just are.
I hate when these rap niggas think you want something when you ask them to check out yo shit a nigga only want to know if good or not!!!
I love when u give me head I hate when u give me headaches...
I hate it when the shower has 2 options. 1. 3rd Degree Burns 2. Skinny Dipping in Antartica.
I hate the mornings. That's when the time when I'm lost between reality and my dreams
I hate it when Sir Alex underestimate.
I hate when I be wantin 2 go somewhere early inda morning nd when I wake up my mama asx be gone ! That be that blow !
I hate not being able to leave when tf I want
I hate when ppl ride bike like they cars keep ya ass on the side walk
I hate when it's time 4 him 2 leave.......2Erf
i hate when u tell ur boyfriend ur going out then they are all like well im goin out too then its a big dumb ass fight
I hate when my Saturday's be busy, cause I don't have time to fit a nap I . Especially when I was out all night
I hate when spam twitter pages try and follow me like leave my twitter alone lol
I wanna be in another place .I hate when you say you don't understand
I hate when you think.. You sent a message to someone but you really didn't..
Hate when I get up early on Saturday for that morning cut...mufukka a no show....never again!
I hate when someone's comes and wake me up out of a good dream! Ire Ire Ire Irelaaaaaaand .., what DARN IT !
I hate when my mom wakes me up and asks these questions when I'm half asleep -__-
I hate when cute groups try to be sexy....
I will always hate when I sit my phone down an cant find it
I hate when all my sweat pants are dirty ”/
Hate when i wake up early nd everybody still sleep
I really hate my mum when she misplaces things, she always has to move my stuff and then I can't find it!
I hate when this bitch makes the same mistakes repeatedly
I hate when people try to get on the internet & start frontn
I hate when they wake me up
I hate when girls turn gay cus a niggah did them wrong girls will you wrong to it might not hurt you as bad but some girls  are just as bad.
I hate When someone sneezes and u Say "bless u" and they ignore u like u owe them a bless u
Hate that I woke up this morning because of the firework. I really like firework but not when I'm asleep!
Hate ppl asking "what are you doing?" as if i'm doing some illegal things when i'm just minding my own biz.
I hate when I have my period , I feel sick :(
Hate it when I am not feeling well/dead tired and I still have to take the train home. Hell much..
I hate it when you see people just standing there at gigs.. I just wanna scream HERE WE. HERE WE FUCKING GO! in there face . #
“@shaikah7: I hate it when I make plans, get excited & then my mom says- "NO.."” ee mn kid ;)
I'm just kinda blown right nah!!! Sometimes ppl just look for things and ppl to hate even when there's not really a reason to do so.
I hate when a person tweet that can't stop crying I'm sure u stopped went u posted that Tweet
I hate when you go from a lovely mood to a bloody awful one in a matter of hours. :P
I hate when old creepy man just stares at you and smiles like ewwwwwww you make me sickkk!
I hate when the twitter app doesn't inform you of DM's
I hate when I get woken up early in the morning because I have to move cars. Move that shit yourself!
There's nothing I hate more than when people see me and my mum and look between us tryna tell what the connection between us is.
I hate it when websites ask, "Are you human?" Well, no, I'm obviously a T-Rex.
Lingerie drive you crazy when she put it on, safe sex but sometimes I hate to put it on
hate when I go to sleep with earings on .. I always take them out in the middle of the night & lose them!! -_____-
I hate it when people can't spell :|
I hate when you are walking in the mall and people  choose to stop right in front of you and talk or look in a store! it urks my nerve
I HATE when things don't go as planned.
I hate it when I'm singing along to a song and the artist gets it wrong..
I hate when I'm going to retweet something & my timeline moves down on me retweeting something else -_____-
I really hate when some of ya'll enter my mentions.
I hate when my clients are not on time , that cant keep flying !
I hate when my twitter asks if I want to follow myself.... Duhh
I hate it when somethings wrong and you parents automatically expect that it's you.
i hate having lots of money when i do
The only thing I hate about new year is at 12 when you have millions of people diving on you for a cuddle and kiss, I get dead cramped in!
i hate when some people DM me about mafia family, that is annoys me !!!
I hate when people eat my leftovers.
i just hate it when the text is good, but the picture is so fucking ugly ;o
Just woke up.. Practice in a hour.... But I hate when i get this damn feeling man.
I hate myself when I need you.
I hate when my phone calls people
I hate when I have to close then open the next day
But I just hate when its on shuffle tho
I hate when big black people swim they be kicking there feet like you DO NOT need to be kicking that hard its jus water you will live
i rlly hate when a show shows off my true emotions its like making my head into a movie FMLpt6
I hate when people say that DE is about lust and sex. Rofl...like, when?! He would love her even if she didn't have a vagina. IMO.
I hate when folks say bit .. just say B I T C H ! Lnao ...
I hate it when my dad comes home drunk. :/
I hate it when your upset and someone says "are you okay?" "dude, I'm crying, do the math."
Hate when I can't sleep well -_- tossin & turnin
Am I the only one that doesn't keep internet favorites? I hate the stupid drop down suggestion bar when I go to type in a url, so I don't.
I HATE WHEN BOYS WALK AROUND WIT THERE HAIR NT DONE
OMG i hate my internet it's too slow >< i hate it when SJ will perform and i cant watch it clearly T-T
I hate when people wake me up for stupid shit!!
I hate when you know if somebody has clearly read your text, but deliberately not replying. reply you idiottTttt
I hate when clients are late
I hate when ppl do too much & blow it. Smh..
I hate when people wake me up without making me breakfast smdh
I hate it when someone creeps up around me . At least do it without being so obvious .
I hate when people say fuck the police. It's so wrong. Don't just fuck them, love them tenderly and make sure you call the next day.
I hate when the sun beats me home
I hate when 800 numbers call my phone really early in the morning and wake me up :(
I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" Bitch you need to hibernate
You always promise to be a better person but you don't change and when I tell you the truth you hate me. Then die!
I hate when people try to talk to me when i have earphones in. no..i cannot hear you . sorry.
I hate it when i made up my bed...and realize my phone is still in it
I hate it when my parents ask who I'm texting.
I hate when people get in a relationship and try to be close friends with their boyfriend/girlfriend
I hate it when I'm ignored.
I hate it when my BB horoscope is right. It's ALWAYS right. Like my mother. >:(
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget
Ugh. I hate when I get into work and there is lots of work to do
I hate dumb bitches I swear I do wateva yu get in 2012 yu deserve it bt dnt cme bitchin to me when shit gets fucked up n out of hand
Hate it when I see my bestfriends upset...It just makes me feel shit when I'm not with them :/
Wish I was as confident all the time as I am when i'm drunk:') hate being shy.
I hate it when mum comes back with the wrong chocolate spread :'(
ugh i hate it when we have family plans and they got canceled bc my mom has a headache ;A;
I hate when I let shit like this get to me ,
«@YeOldMohawk People......the word is SEQUINS not SEQUENCE.......ugh, I hate when ppl say that. So sad!!!»
I hate when airlines show their prices as departure and returning instead of by the trip. I always get stoked thinking I found a steal
I Hate When You Sent Down & The House Phone Rings . Or You Realize Your Cell Phone Is Somewhere Else -__-
i hate when stupid advertisements lik "mcdonalds gift cards" show up in my mentions
i hate being my best friend's number 2 when she's my number 1.. :(
I hate this part when the feeling is up n down .. Help me اللّهُ
i hate when he ignore me, like i aint the most important person in his life or something lbs
I hate it when family come to visit. Mum goes mental.
Psalms 120:6 Too long have I lived among those who hate peace. I am a man of peace; but when I speak, they are for war.
I hate employers who are paying low wages to people when they could afford to pay more and then they don't pay the person on time.
~I really hate when ppl listen to my words when I get angry but never hear me out any other time...~
I hate when everything happens at once.
Sometimes I wish Selena wasn't dating Justin so she wouldn't get this much hate! When she was single she didn't face this much hate..
I hate it when you see a car coming so you wait for it to pass before you cross the street, then it turns.
I hate when really skinny girls be like I need to lose weight... I be like bitch as skinny as you ar6hOSP
I hate it when people ignore me...
I love it when you give me head but I hate it when you give me headaches!!
I really hate when they put the drops in though... Makes my eyes feels weird
I really hate it when a guy is like 'doh doh doh' to his girl. Doh is mean bodoh/stupid. Your girlfrsbLe
I hate it when some1s upset and u ask them what's wrong and they say it dosen't matter, and ur like "well, it obviously does, ur crying!"
and now I hate to remember when you said you miss egha;( Damn!!
I hate when some one says something about you amd expand it, to make it dound worse  , so it makes you feel intimidated ....
I hate when I over sleep....it throws off my whole day
I hate when people subtweet instead of telling me wtf on they mind X
i hate when internet so slow..urrghhh why why ??!! ><
I kno they hate when I talk about God! I could care less tho
I hate when my followers RT stupid n senseless tins dah dey see on deir TL into mine *sigh*
Life should be full of laughter...not sadness...forreal...I hate when ppl go out their way to be sad n ish just for attention...gtfoh
Hate when someone has a pic of someone fit up and I will never know who it is or anyone as buff as them (@sozmeester_ bbm pic)
I hate it when people response my sad stories w "Oh asal cmtu?" or worse than that, "Ala lama-lama ok la tu". Middle finger says hi.
i rlly hate when a show shows off my true emotions its like making my head into a movie FMLiGN
i hate when my tweets be too long .
Hate to sound miserable but I'm not bothered about new year, it was so much better when we used to go on holiday so party's are just boring
I hate when people whisper around me. Absolutely, fucking hate it.
I hate when I can't fall back asleep in the car.
I hate when my Lil bro get up n make Hella noise. Smdh
I hate when I'm eating and some camera's flash just goes off wtf I will be looking like ~o~ wtf with my eyes closed and mouth wide open
I hate when ppl say what they going to do in the new yr stop all that talkin shit BITCH SHOW ME!
You know what I really hate when you ask someone do u speak english and they reply back no I don't in english
my life “@WhileMarkSleeps: I hate going out when I look like shit.”
People......the word is SEQUINS not SEQUENCE.......ugh, I hate when ppl say that. So sad!!!
I hate when I let my dogs outside and when they come back inside the house they are covered in dirt. Wth?!?!
I hate when a Mf I never reply to text be every morning saying, good  morning . It's sweet but don't you get it ?
When we say 'I hate my life!' Just remember that each day is a gift from god. And we should be greatful x
I hate when your playing a game and you try to beat it, you start to itch and it distracts you and makes you lose...
fucking HATE when people dont believe what i be saying .
I hate it when people think you're being depressed to get attention. Um, no. It's a diagnosed illness ok
Pet peeve: I hate when people don't let me sleep it makes me wanna cancel our friendship :o
I love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches
I hate when females say "a man is going to be a man" so you going to just let him walk over you !
I hate it when people have the same icon as Justin. I see it on my followers and get all excited, thinking he's following me.
I hate when somebody text me at the same time Im texting them back
I Hate Making Mistakes When I Tweet Something >
Fucking hate it when i drink and get red. People think i'm drunk when i'm not...
Hate it when I ask u something nd u use a smiley to reply me,that rubbish better end this year
I hate when mf's spell my name wrong!
Why do I always see hate on my timeline/dash when a girl group is performing? Ergh. I don't stan them but they're awesome okay.
I Hate When People Tell Me Useless Info Like I Ask'd About It Or Somethin
Fell to sleep hellA early... Now I'm up before thē alarm... Man I hate it when I do this shhhhhhhit
I love how she only messages me to get a hold of my boyfriend, then never replies back when I reply. I think I legitimately hate her.
hate going up the loft when no-ones in just incase I fall out
Hate it when everyone gets on with someone I can't stand -__-
fucking blown man i hate when she does this shit. adults piss me the fuck off its ridiculous
I hate when that happen
I hate when my dad wakes up early. Hes gona make me eat when Im not hungry.
I hate when people contradict them self.
I hate when a girl lips glossed up... Please don't talk to me!
I hate it when my timeline is filled with fucks4fucks
Hate being told i dont understand football and that I'm not a true supporter when I have been going since I was a week old....
I hate it when my tweets don't send until united go and score and then it just looks really awkward.
C when people in facebook say "I <3 one direction" I'm like I hate u! When people on twitter say "I love one direction" I'm like OMG SAME!
That. Was. So. Obvious. I hate it when it's that obvious. Haha
I hate when people take advantage of my generosity/niceness....
I hate that feeling , the feeling when u're sad but u have no idea why ;c : /
I hate it when somebody text you and they don't reply back .
i hate when bitches try to flex doe
I hate when people pee on the floor and you're sat there like "dude, what the fuck"
Hate it when guys ask who I'm dating and I just say "not you"
I hate when my phone says new message, but it wont let me see/respond to itt!
I love it when you give me head, I hate it when u give me headaches
I really hate when people don't do their job
I fucking hate it when football does this to me. How SAF manages to live until 70 is totally beyond me.
I understand Tebow hate. I too get angry when someone who has no effect on my life in any way whatsoever has different beliefs than me.
i hate it when you text someone, and they text back quick, then you say something important that you need to know & they don't text back!
I hate when I drop food and can't find where it went.
I hate When Promises Are Brokenn ..
I hate when people call lady gaga mother monster that's weird
I hate when people say I'm on my way and that's a hour later,
I hate when people say doe or tho  at the end of a sentence just to have it there. Shut the fuck up, ya look STUPID.
I hate when people say shit to make it seem like I'm lyin,
I hate when I have my iTunes library shuffled and it transfer over shuffled toy iPhone
I hate when people wake me up to ask a question .
Hate when I wake before my alarm
I hate when grown people say... You Don't pay any bills so you can't be stressed out.. Like yes we can
I hate when he has to go :(
Ew, i hate it when ugly guys make freak comments..
i hate using twitter on a computer...i never know when people reply to me...i miss my phone
I hate the feeling when something just doesn't feel right.. Not that it feels wrong but its just no feeling :/
She hate it when I do that shit lol
I HATE when people punch me in my tummy. IS IT BECAUSE I'M FAT??!
I hate when people act like they know what they're talking about, but really had no damn clue and end up confusing and frustrating me.
My brothers hate it when I swear......its FUCKING hilarious when I annoy them !!!! Hahahahaha
i hate it when people complain about underage people going out, you used to do it as well
I hate cleaning when I'm sick :/
!!!!!!!“@MyLifeAs_Neesh: No Disrespect But I Really Hate When Wheelchairs Get On The Bus Especially When I'm In A Rush.”
i hate when i laugh, 'cause everyone sees my teeth.
“@BREEyahnaah i hate when ppl be actin dummmb & losst dat shit be killlin mee”
I hate when I'm trying to sleep in, ad everyone else is up because then they come and disturb me -______-
I hate when my mom knows I have money smdh
I Hate When Just B/c Somebody Eles Made YOUU Mad , Doesnt Mean You Can Take Your Anger Out On Others "
I hate it when I have a shitty sleep session. soooo uncomfortable
I really hate when shit is awkward ...
I hate the feeling, that I know even when certain people fuck me over, I'll still have feelings for them
I hate it when people say, ”See you next year”, so annoying.
Sometimes I hate when I'm rude to certain people but then they always remind me of the neccessity *sighs*
I hate when people put statuses about drinking and mixing in beer mugs.... Relax you don't drink.
I hate it when I get out the bath and there's no towel
I hate when I be comfortable tweeting and I gotta get up and piss
I hate when people take their Frustrations out on me I don't need all that when I have my own problems
I hate when my bro walks around the house playing old  music on his phone like its so brand new
I hate when I'm out and I've got no battery :(
I hate when people say they want an 8th Harry Potter book... I'm sad it ended of course, but it ended perfectly!
Ugh hate when I feel my wrist for a hair tie and it's not there even though I have one on my wrist e
I hate it when I forget what I was going to say :(
I hate when someone wear out thier welcome at your house.... !!!
I hate when i have the dry mouth in the mornings ://
i hate when people shoot guns on New years. ..#notsafe
I hate people thats just rude for no reason!....when i get off work i need a drink ASAP!!!!
i hate it when guys use a girl, make out with them, and then leave them.
No Disrespect But I Really Hate When Wheelchairs Get On The Bus Especially When I'm In A Rush.
i hate when my mom wakes me up at this time for no reason.
I hate when I have dreams about people...it gives me an uneasy feeling
I hate the fact that I'm always in a shitty mood when I'm supposed to be happy...
“@OurTeenFacts: I hate when people say "ohhh I looooove music." No shit.”
I hate the quality of instragram when its dark :((
I hate it when people tweet celebrities begging for retweets, 'yea RT for me cuz I just cut my toe nails' bunch of weirdos
I hate when ppl spell like the african hair braiding place
RT “@FRIENDSHlP: I hate it when my body is like, "Time to sneeze!" Then its all, "LOL JK"”
I hate when people sayy " wassup cutie " or " wydd cutie " or some shit likee thaat * likee shutupp
I hate when people take other peoples quotes on here as if it were theres. A lil' citation never hurt anyone...
i swear i hate streaming live. i'll watch MBC Gayo Daejun when someone uploads the full performance then.
i hate when i'm in a different state & idk what the tv channels are
I hate when im tryna mention somebody and i cant remember their twitter name!!
I hate when people say they feel me
I hate that. When my nerves get really bad..my leg starts shaking..& I cant stop it. Smhh
Getting up afterwhile to start doing some things...I really hate being lied to especially when I know that you're lieing. But its cool.
I hate when I heard a horrible song and it's stuck in my head -_-
GAHD! My tweets via phone haven't arrived. This is what I really hate when the network is getting congested. Will just tweet it again. Ugh!
I hate when ppl mention me and idk wtf it is
I hate when people are always being so serious with me .im NOT A SERIOUS PERSON
I hate when s'one forces me to do s'thing I don't want to!!
Ugh, I hate this moment when I just need to let everything out, but I can't. :(
i hate it when people interrupt your conversation
i hate when people go in my closet << no nigga you aint getting shit outta there.
I hate my hair!! When I said to the hairdresser, two inches, she obviously misheard me and decided to cut 5 off, thanks babe!
Ugh I just hate when ppl touch my face.....Yuckkk : /
I hate gettin woke up but when it's from my bmore <3 idgaf bout gettin up to that cell phone.
I hate when cops drive behind..I be tryna lose them
i hate when my bf text me and say " you up ? " it makes me worried
Don't u hate when u gotta go but u don't want to get out of the bed?! I need an invention.
I hate when my phone vibrates... Let me turn that off...
Hate when im late for work! I feel like a dummy :(
I was going to ask why but then I didn't care anymore  ....gosh I hate when that happens AV <3
I hate when I find a really nice onesie but it has no feet
I hate when family pop over yur house unannounced
I hate when people try to compare to greats, why can't they all be great in their own way?
I hate it when I watch an entire match and it ends nil nil soccerneverstops
; hate that i thought abt that shit from last night when i woke up .
I hate being hot , but I hate being cold as well . . . But atleast when you cold you can warm up.
I hate when my hair feels greasy
I hate when I pass out in regular clothes. Fell asleep last night in my pearl necklace & 2 layers of pants. Woke up sweating & choking lol
I hate when somebody try FLIP shit on meeee
Aaahhhhh.. Hate when my dad shouts at the tv, I jump out my skin:(!!
Hate it when people from your school put an old picture of Harry on fb and put 'he's gorj I love him' no you don't
Ok I gotta pee! Dang soon as I typed dis my mama went n the bathroom! I hate when dat happens lol shoulda just went as soon as I had to pee
' i hate when the wrong people comment on your post on FB,  fckn shut up DELETE!
I hate when people hurt and I feel like I can't help them, esp. those I care about.
I've been sat in this spot for an hour just watching TV when I could be cleaning. I hate myself.
I hate it when people end their tweets with an "x".
I hate it when someone asks me a question, I give them the answer and they say 'no its not' WHY ASK ME THEN
There's little I hate more than when people tell me what I should/shouldn't do like I don't have a mind of my own.
I like the fact that u said that u hate me with a smile on ur face cuz when I said the same thing about u I was so damn serious!
I hate when foreign people talk about a "british accent" :S there is no such thing!! there are hundreds of accents in britain :P
my mum is been a tard. WHY CANT WE GET A TRAIN? I hate car journeys. especially when there like 6 hours long to london -__-
I HATE IT WHEN I GET SOOOOO EXCITED FOR SOMETHING AND IT NEVER HAPPENS!!! >:(.
I hate when my parents complaining about my style. Errrgh.
i hate it when girls boast!!!!!! really icky
I really hate when people have that damn clickin noise on dey phone nd every time they type shit be clickin. Niqqa control that bullshit !
I Hate When People Think Their Funny , But Their Not
Ever tell ya how much I hate PKs? Oh, I love them when they're taken by my favorite team. But if not, I hate them b*tches.
i love it when you give me heeeeeeead, i hate it when yo give me headacheeeesss!
I hate when people change and act different
I hate forgetting to tell someone something when I see them, then it not be important enough to text them saying it
I hate puking, especially when its my chuipotle burrito. I love those things
I hate it when the mother says "we need to talk" :l. What did I do this time?
i hate it when you ask pointless questions go get your information somewhere else
"@YoRoyalCoolness: I hate it when people quit of FIFA12 -____-" // *on*
“@XSTROLOGY “@FRIENDSHlP I hate it when my body is like, \
I Needa Get My Room Together Before I Go Cause I Hate Having Company When My Room A Mess !
"@PreciousM_: “@miilkkk: I hate it when im walking, and then I start thinking about how Im walking and I feel like im walking retarted..”"
I hate when the 17th street exit at Farragut west be closed....
I hate when my alarm doesn't wake me up
I hate it when i can't solve my math homework! It makes me annoyed!:@
I hate it when people get scared about 2012. .Umm... Hello?!  .1999, 2006, 2009,2011, we were all predicted to die then, and we didn't!!
I Hate When he just up And Leave without giving me my Hug or Kiss...
I hate when people seem so nice in person, but are absolute cunts when you're not with them
I hate it when my mum whistles at me and starts clapping and singing to get me out of bed
I HATE when Nani grasps at ankle/thigh/leg like that. He was barely touched. Get on with it Nani.
Hate when contract schedules aren't paid attention to. Am I going to get lucky & get $400 back?
I hate when people walk in on you alone with someone and assume you're having sex... get a life
Random from that know it all last night...  I hate it when ppl kill jokes by trying to show their intellect.. "shet up" sometime!
I hate it when people are online and they reply to everything except for that important message you sent them.
I fucking hate when people get all clingy like hop of my dick.
I hate when I'm not tired after I get off work
I hate when i tell somebody to wake me up at 7 an they wake me up at 6:25 .... -___-
I hate it when hailey hogs up the bathroom like she owns Ish#iloveherthough
I hate when a mf txt me and then I respond and they don't -___-wOlPl
"@isai_ass: fuuuuuuuuuuuuck i hate messing up when i talk................................... especially multiple times in a row." BAD HABITS
I hate when somebody ask me "are your nails fake" ? -____-
I hate when your phones going a bit mad but its never who you want!
- I Hate Waiting On Them When Their Running Late
I hate when people are nosy (@wilderxo )
I hate it when people suck up to you just because they want something.
Hate when ppl text me & when I reply they don't text back! What was the fucking point in texting me?!
"@UrFavoriteGYN: I LOVE IT WHEN YOU GIVE ME HEAD!!!!!!!! I HATE IT WHEN YOU GIVE ME HEADACHE"
I hate when ppl retweet every lil thing somebody say to them
I hate when its just raining real light
I hate when ppl try to wake me up when I'm sleeping
I hate when people say "new year, new me" uhhh no your still the same annoying person you've always been.
I hate it when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back to sleep! -_-
I hate when people say "new year ' new me " like how do you sound . Its jus a new year your still gonna be the same person you are today
I hate it when people call me boo! I am not casper the friendly ghost ...so shut up!
i hate scratching myself and not knowing where and when i did it
I hate when my brother comments on my makeup. Bitch, not your problem.
Hate when tweets get applied to real life huhhhh now what am I suppose to do
I hate when Americans tell foreigners to go back where they came from, as if the majority of their families weren't immigrants
& I suddenly get the urge to post a status telling Facebook I hate them when 2012 arrives.
Hate when my mom goes groceries shopping in the morning and I have to wake up to get them
I hate it when I'm at school nothing crazy happens but as soon as I miss a day something crazy pops off!
Honestly, I hate it when I get like this but I just can't stop myself.
I hate when i get woken up early!
I fucking hate twitter when everyone jumps on the bandwagon and moans about the same thing that isn't even happening
I hate when people wake me up from a good sleep
I hate chocolates but when I'm hungry,I eat'em all!
I hate when he wakes me up outta my good sleep to ask two crazy questions. Now I can't sleep and he bout to go get ready for a funeral.
I hate when a number I don't know calls & I call back there's no answer -_-
I hate when after a dream is over I realize I could've did anything with no consequence
“@XSTROLOGY “@FRIENDSHlP I hate it when my body is like, "Time to sneeze!" Then its all, "LOL JK"””
but where is my phone? i hate when i grab my computer and cant find my phone ever -_- then people se
i hate when ppl ask me about school n studying..i gotta be straight forward with em..but its annoying cuz i think theyre gonna lecture me
I hate when girls say "I'm not the fuck dumb" because when u say it like that u really make me wonder.
I hate being up this early when I dnt need to be.
I hate when I forgot where I put my thumb ring.. :(
I hate it when dey do dat shit
Hate when my hair comes out so cute when I don't even try. then when I try to do that the next day it never come out right!
I hate when people spell things wrong
I hate it when people smell LOL! at least have a quick shower before you leave your house, put on some perfume or something. Its not hard..
I hate when people are constantly trying to talk to you when you have your headphones in!
Hate when I wake up and it hot as fuck in the house
I hate when I get head rushes from getting up. They hurt hella bad :(
i hate when people put up a front.
Grrr. I'm up now shit. I hate when bitches wake me up. Makes my day go bad. Now I'm grumpy.
I hate centre creases and I don't know why people think it's okay to acquire one when their fringe grows out. IT IS NOT OKAY.
sometime i can forgive you, and sometime when i remember my pain i back hate you
LOL! RT"@AbdullAlMajid: I hate it when "$" pops in the middle of a conversation"
I hate it when u wake up early I can't fall back asleep!
hate it when i'm in the house by myself, i always think someone will come in the house and kidnap me or something
I hate when you don’t reply because I don’t know if your board with me or if your lost for words?
I hate when people say that they hate a song or an artist because it's overplayed on the radio. Uhm the radio can't play what you want! Stfu
I hate it when you sed a band live and they sound completely different because theu auto tune their sound so much on albums.
Got it? I hate when people say that “Oh, bad game, got COD guns in it…” Quote: “And this is not modern warfare
Arghh I hate it when my legs goes to sleep
i hate people who act like they know you to other people and then when they see you walk right past you, some bullshit people.
Hate It when people text me in the morning at some ridiculous hour. Like WTF? Why would I even be awake at that time?
i hate it when i didnt get what i want
I hate when someone texts mee but they don't text back!! -__- I shouldn't be stressing about it tho :b
I hate when bitches try to say "you shot out" and end up saying "you shout out" stfu. You make me mad.
Hate when someone posts a pic with no caption, I click it and it takes forever to load and it's some wack shit.
Hate when I blow my nose and it clogs up my ears.
When I go back to school I'm just focusing on school & these bitches that hate
I hate when I wake up early for no reason and can't fall back asleep!
I hate when u nd a x become each others worst nightmare
I hate when strangers follow me .____. I'm not following you back gosh
I hate when I get on hard for no reason -__-
I hate it when you get a songs stuck in your head but you only know 1 line of it so yoü just keep repeating that line over and over again
One Thing I Hate.. When A Girl Thinks They Know Everything But To Be Honest They Know Nothing But Hurt My Feelings
I hate really when my boyfriend doesn't text or call me back when he's out with people. Haven't heard from him since 6 yesterday evening...
I hate when people are mad at me.
I hate when my phone freezes! Piece of turd
Ahh hate it when I don't finish my sentence and u hit the 'tweet' button -__-
I hate when ppl keep askin me "wats wrong"...clearly you can tell I dnt wanna talk...!
I hate when you can't punch someone in your dreams due to flubbed arms
I explained to mom but she started to talk about DIGNITY! Ugh! I hate when it comes on that
I hate it when you get to the bottom of your tea and there's just loadsa sugar -_-
hate it when i can here the bathroom tap still running & no-one's in there
I hate when I see someone with so much in their life, yet they're not thankful for one single thing."
I hate when you're waiting for a text & then your phone vibrates but it's not from who you want.
I hate when ppl try to guess whats wrong when im mad.. it makes matters worse
I hate admitting when im wrong.
I hate onions, I repeat, I absolutely hate onions and anything related to them, such as the smell they produce when they are fried.
I hate when I wake up this early and can't fall back asleep
I hate when I'm sarcastic to people and they take it personally.
I hate when some girls say "NEW YEAR, NEW ME" ... stfu you'll still be a hoe.
I hate it when i dont talk or really deal wit someone but when dey c me dey act like we the bestestfriends......i swear i cant do phony!!!!
Hate it when I'm alone in my auntie's house in the middle of nowhere and my mind thinks 'Hey, you know what's a good film? Friday 13th!'...
"@Q_Lamar09: I hate when people ask "how are you" or "whats up" multiple times when txting -_-"
I hate when i post links, the shit don't show up right. Lemme try this again *deleted previous links*
- mann i cant sleep , i qot a lonq day ahead of me.... uqqqh i hate when people wake me up with a text it always be hard to qo back to sleep
I just read that Katy perry and russel brand might divorce :( hate it when that happens
I hate it when cnblue is always up against ftisland -_-
I hate when I wake up hungry
I HATE when others wake me up! It's too EARLY for this shit -__-
I hate it when stupidly smart people say that they're going to do really badly in exams. WE ALL KNOW YOU WILL GET AN A* !!!
I hate when people tell me some and don't even come thru on it
I hate it when people don't say bye
Hate the days when I just feel so uncomfortable with what I'm wearing and just oh god :-|
I hate when rappers say they're tryna get their swagger right
I hate when people use: dis, dat, dey, den. You've had how many English classes? You know damn right that there is no such word as "dey".
