In fairness i like FB's Time Line.. Im sleepy. Waiting for 12MN & it's already noisy plus the smell of fire crackers?!? Ohhhh
oh baby, I like it, you so excited, don't try to hide it, I'mma make you my bitch
I like one of fattrel songs I've only heard three not a groupie lol
I'm not making one, but I feel like I'm the only person who wouldn't have Portal 2 near the top of their game of the year list.
Ugh I hate how parents always trip about new years eve. It's just like an other day.
I like how my hair was for Christmas... Maybe it can be like that today
When it comes to rides, whether its theme park rides or funfair rides, I'm a huge pussy!! I like baby rides.
I dont feel like gettin up! 10 more minutes!
Someone like me should get out there. But I choose to TWEEt. :"))
I slightly feel like I am friends with the enemy. My negative thoughts have no self control.
2012 plans : forget those who hurts and left me. And. For those who changes, i hope you can be like the old one:)
I'm a poor person who goes out to eat like a rich person.
I feel just like a bad jokem a bad dream? I don't think I can forget about it
I don't let up like the suicide doors
I Hate When People Act Like A Year Is The Time To Change.
Its kinda funny how when I see ppl who didn't like me back then now when they see me head is down LOL
Uugghh I don't feel like working....I should just hide all day till 3:15 then be like alright y'all have a good day and leave lls
I like it when actors say how "difficult" a role is, what they mean is "pretending is very hard, you have to put on a voice and everything"
Quamir ate my candy, I need candy it's like drugs to me
I don't even feel like working these long ass hours today
"@josiebowen_: Everyones so hype about tonight and i'm just like yeah.. lol whatever" cause you're not a stoner like us
C'mon, c'mon, don't leave me like this. I thought I had you figured out?♥
Up working but I feel like shit ugggh
Fuck there's like no reason to smile no more I hate my life:/
If you're dressed up like a mascot, I'm coming after after you. I've already killed 510 mascots in Saints Row: The Third.
I feel like I should be running with my team lol
Seriously, I've made like 20 of my friends listen to Jodie's music. I won't stop until they call themselves a fan :)
i dont like this miss a remix.
Just watched the pacifier!! I like it :)
I really dont like my haircut that much Now that im all the way dress but it will work
This year was a good year. Letting the negatives go and focusing on the positives! I hope 2012 can be even better but it seems like it will!
Helping people who are good to me is what I enjoy doing like fr fr
looks like I'll be catching up on schoolwork tonight because there's fuck all else to do.
she is freaky and she know it, I LIKE IT.
Like I brought in 2011???
I really dont like my haircut that much Now that im all the way dre
So from my first trip to an Iceland I have found out two things: 1 Iceland is shit and 2 95% of people in there smell like they don't wash
Im gunna log off, and pretend like twitter isn't acting stupid, then log back on, and everything will be fine again & I'll have some cookies
Can't wait to get ready later. I never get to dress up! Yes, even tomboys like to look girly sometimes :)
You don't like me? THAT'S COOL, I NEVER ASKED For your opinion of me, Now did I?
I guess a Pokemon like Aron would fit me... We're both made out of metal.
i swear watching their performance i feel like crying over again
Im so ready to walk off this job....its not like I have a stress reliever of some sort
I know my distant future is gonna be amazing, I just wish the near future could be more like it
okay now im goin to sleep *DO NOT DISTURB!* unless its like life threatin or sumn other than that i dont care!
Twitter is over capacity, twitter is over capacity. Like Cody said, I'm annoyed.
hey hey you you i don't like your girlfriend, no way no way think you need a new one
I have important things to tweet, like 'I am walking around the house without slippers on.'
Ya5ii I have like million things to do for tomorrow, too much to think about, but I refuse getting out of my bed.
Not saying my face is like hella pizza face & shit but I dnt like pimples at all ;o
I want my life to be like an 80's movie.
I don't like the slow version :(
So high feel like I got wings
hmm actually maybe i like this part
I don't get the whole 'people can light fireworks from 10 am to 2 am' thing. Feels like i'm in a war zone
I need you like a heart needs a beat.
i never met a pearl quite like you,could shimmer and rot at the same time too
But if I don't cry over some shxt like this I knw I just dgaf anymore....
whoa this miss a perf is.... i like it? lol
Nothing says 'I'm desperate for attention' like a self-portrait of yourself in the bathroom Please flush after your crappy pic is taken
I feel like LOVE this morning
I feel like I'm using dial up??? Wtf is up wit my slow azz twitter???
When your friends tell you who they like and you're like "I KNEW IT!!!
i like the rap version of that
Nothing I like more than a good infomercial
Actually I like "Rolling In the Deep" better when groups sing it
I Need Money I Like White Girls Need Ass
See your face?...... I like that sh!t
Today is like the anniversary of a lot for me. May it all go well. I've grown and changed so much. Go meee :D
I don't like that its already tomorrow in some countries. That shyt just don't sit well with me
If I've never made fun of u or picked on u it means I dnt like u lol
ftw... I really like Park Shihoo & Moon Chaewon... Chukhahabnida...
"@sonabanjo: 2012 - don't let it but make it happen. Make the choices to take the chances to make the changes in your life." I like this!
I'm shouting like a maniac. :) Perfect! :)
Mums working tonight + she's like I better not get a phone call whilst I'm working saying youre in a&e tonight lol no, not going to happen.
As much I dont like Lebron he's numbers so far will win him another MVP title.. wooow the guy is a monster
Busy busy daaayyy. Getting my red streaks redone then last min shopping cuz I procrastinate like a biiiitttch.
Look.. I don't give a damn what kind of music u like but if u come to me with ur fanbase crap.. I'm running away
I I love you like a song baby
Ohhhh when I see debbie? I might like collapse.
This is what I'd like to call.. The Stoned Age.
I think I could get to like this tweeting lark. Keeps you checking to see what you're missing. (Don't worry I'll get over it.) New phone.
I don't want to sound like an idiot but, if you feel pain in half of your skull and one ear, is that migraine?
She have me her ohnah-nah, then I disappear like ta-da
Damn it. I'm starting to dislike people who talks like that. Gawd. >:(
I woke up so hungry I look like a starving kid from a 3rd world country in the mirror. I need panera and Starbucks.
"I love tigers their like the perfect mix of beauty and power,I can deal with that shit I should get into wildlife protection@PaivaRonnie13
I feel like our worlds been infected & somehow u left me neglected~
But like I do every morning...gotta take a shyt first lol
Can anybody tell me why I'm lonely like a satellite?
This pink better be as bright as I want it otherwise iv sat her for like 2 hours for no reason. Urghhh!
I knew he was jus like the rest of these niggas smh...Nd dats exactly y I didnt trust him
I really dont feel like getting up outta bed, so im not gonna.
I like Davichi perf! :)
Dear Twitter, I like you better than Facebook, so screw you, Mark Suckerberg.
We drivin straight and this fuckin dickhead waitin to turn and decides to turn when we like 5 feet away. Sware I was boutta do life in jail
I'm taken but he makes me feel like I'm single...
I feel like the ying Yang twins after the Beefpattylife I just lived. Shake.
I think maybe I expect too much from people.....but then again if u say u grown act like it#real
I swear this little girl is just like a newborn kitten. She just rolled over right on top of me &pushed her paws in my chest to get the
I guess ima "lone wolf" with the guys fa today.. Cuz once we start with this bottle ppl ain't gone hear from me till like 2ma mornin nbs
I cheated on every test since like 7th grade thank you smart students for helping me get this diploma
Said I was going out came back dis nigga had a party of his own and he acted like he ain want me to go out
I'm not like these other bitchs , I wear all my OWN shit !
Just was informed i parked in the front yard last night and I Made my folks place look like a  "frat house" haha
Roger  Okay dad, just play Bosnian soccer songs in the car...not like I was listening to my iPod or anything haha.  MThorpe
RT@autocorrects: Don't like me? Cool, I don't wake up in the morning to impress you.
Why I just went outside and I felt like I was in a rainforest????
Before it all goes mad I would just like to wish all a happy and safe new year.
OMG MY FRIEND IS COMING HERE! OMG I'M LIKE SHIT!!!!!
The only thing i like about new years eve is the drink
Ugh, I feel like shit.
There was a sun dial in pride and prejudice and it reminded me of the time i sat on one, yeah it hurt like hell
Like, why do I have an email from some underwear line asking me can I gain 15 pounds by mid-February?
I'm taking off work for like 3 weeks lol my manager finna b depressed
If only I could tell my heart how to feel, instead of if deciding for me. I wouldn't be feeling like this.
Ughhhhh i do not like my daddy... sending me damn pictures of evil clowns. and he know damn well i do not like clowns -____-
I feel like I have a lot of shit to do today
i feel like dozinq OFF.
I wish you beat a cough with a bat like other things
I like to solve conflicts before going to bed cause there is no guarantee that I'm going to wake up
I have the weakest immune system! I get sick like every 2 weeks 0__o I'm convinced I'm dying
I really don't like this youngboul!
Flickr is my crack.  Not that I know what crack is like.
I really would like to go to a jazz club tonight. Anyone giggin in DC?
i am no longer a body central employee . :) swear it feel like i just been freed from slavery .
I remembered it all like it was just yesterday.
love how everyone in my family is ill and will go to they beds at like 10,half 10 tonight then i can do anything i want muahahahhhaha
Ive always been waiting for 2012 to come, but now i dont even feel like stepping into it!!!!
Wen I be takin a piss it sound like the tub runnin
Few people been saying good on losing weight..like I haven't been to the gym since like starting apple? but thanks y'all
I no like miss a's pants :/
Feeling slightly philosophical today and would just like to say I am truly grateful for everyone in my life and now know exactly what I want
I was all hyper and now I'm like this
I would like to apologise in advance to my liver for tonight :)
I feel like bali is not indonesian's island anymore grrhhh~~~~
I would also like to thank the year 2011 for my mistakes because without them..
I don't like to waste bullets
I love jumpin da club line cuz err bdy be like "na WHO DA FUK IS HE TO BE JUMPIN ERR BDY" LOL
I slept for like 13 hours !
I'm at the point she can, keep her Lil pussy I'm cool, ain't like she puts the pussy on a nigga like that
Feel like I'm about to throw up...
My signature cologne in middle school and high school was burberry. Now its CK One. I wonder what I'm gonna smell like post-graduation.
As 2011 comes to a close, I'd like to thank everyone who was part of my 2011. Thank you to everyone for the love ...
It hurts that somebody who was like the sister I never had is damn near not in my life anymore.
First time at the hub. Uganda needed this touch. I like it :)
didn't get a shikari ticket, looks like I'm getting on my knees for a bouncer.
Before 2011 ends, I would like to say thank you to all the people who has been there for me thur bad times and good times of my life.
I like naps
Run along like I'm suppoooooosed to  .be the maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan I ought to
Bahahahah that's funny there's a hickey  on your boob!! like really I'm off that has fun doing you
I wanna wake up somewhere crazy tomorrow. Like a friends mums bed or Bermuda.
It's 10:30AM and I already feel like cuttin' bitches. smh
To all my followers/friends I would like to wish every single 1 of u! A wonderful NYE but more importantly a happy healthy 2012 xxx
I'll show my irritation with a child by grunting like a professional tennis player.
These niggas wake up like I need a blunt smh
I feel like I'm not gunna make it 2012
I don't like fighting with you ..
Why did I even like you man , what's worst is not that you don't like me , is you .... Arghhh !!!
If I had a nickel for every time I met someone like you, I would have five cents
Just got the new twitter, tbh I like it.
20hours Of Sleep...No Food Or Drink WTH☹ I feel like crap!
The reason i dont like to be single: boys become so annoying
OH MY GOSH THEY WERE SINGING LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG!!! I AM DYING HERE OMG
I cry like a bitch every time Dobby dies.
Everytime I hear Seize The Day by A7X I feel like I'm listening to Guns n Roses instead.
At MOE dressed like a hobo, I hope I can finish me errands and leave before anyone I know sees me
looks like I'm not going to the gym no more, my gym buddy is knocked out -_-
To the neighbor blasting the radio, .I really do appreciate you bringing some vibrance to the 'hood, but turn off f'ing "Moves Like Jagger."
I really like this necklace my mum got me. It's a straight cut black stone.
You know what I think hurts the most? The feeling of being replaced. It’s like no matter what you did, it wasn’t enough.
Hehe, I like Luo Xiaoxiao.
Looks like I'm gonna miss that appointment today 20 at the door lastnite smh
I feel like there is a semi parked on my head.
Im da smoovest dude...since max julian oooh I think dey like me
You need a girl like mine if you live from where I'm from
i hate plain cereal like regular cheerios or cornflakes lol
I can't drink until after I pick up Tyler. But by like 8 don't txt my phone or anything lol.
In 2011 I learned a lot, like what should make it into 2012 and most importantly what shouldn't.
"@EYEheartTASHA: At the end of 2012, I have learned that the seasonal friends can be disguised to look like long-term friends..." So True
I'm soooo excited that I've been waste for the past half hour! Chilling like I aint got Stuff to do Yo!
U just don't understand what I do for my son by myself but I kind of like it like that..
Damn I smell like power... By fifty, that is.
I like my music loud.. idk why but the base in a song be hittin !!
I feel like im here by myself. And I know thats not true. She here somewhere. Probly in her room.
I don't know why I hardly smile in pictures. I always end up looking like the unhappy one :(
"@DOM_iZZO: I'm so frustrated.  I do not like to babysit niggas I don't know but in respect to my fam I won't flip" oh boy what happened
I still don't understand how my right eye is soooo much blinder than my left eye like its soo bad
Everytime I watch beyonce perform love on top from the vmas I get goose bumps...and I start cheerin like I'm there smh
you cant pick your family. but you can be your friends & tbh theyre the only people i like.
I keep her cum'n like water in a lake ;-)
I thought it was like 12 something
i like it
Ooo I kinda like this remix.
“@RihannaLoverrr  Mom: "Come here right now!" Me: "NO!" Mom: "1..." Me: "Pssh, like that`ll work." Mom: "2..." Me: "Oh sh*t, I`m coming! Hmm
I jus dnt feel like it
Wish I could sleep like 10 hours straight!
I'm tryna end da year wit dat special person bt dnt lok like dats gn hapen again dis year
I don't do her like that!
Like im just gettin off work sheesh, i want a meal when i get home ...
Fans like piers morgan is why I hate arsenal so much.
probably going to look like a slut tonight but i don't care my hotpants are too nice not to wear!
I'm ready for football season to come back in I feel like I'm loosing it
sooo yeah my hair didn't fall right like i thought sooo,  ima pin it some type of way...!!
My hair loooks like shit, I am crying.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, 2012. GOODBYE, 2011. I hope 2012 is (like) the best year of my life. As far as I'm concerned, 2011 was my life's worst year.
I always look like a hot mess at work
So what u dnt like me, I say I want n do wat I PLEASE........#dntgiveaflyfuck
I really don't feel like going to the mall today...
I really don't feel like goin to the store
"Bitch I'm a amazing look what I'm blazing eyes so low yeah I look like an Asian"
It doesn't feel like 24 hour since I left Singapore
I really love 2011 and to be honest, I feel a little worry facing 2012. what will be 2012 like?
It's NYE I'm excited for tonight first official New Years like soo exciting :)
I would tell dat bitch lick my cunt hoe but she might like it too much.....
THANKS. I only saw like 10 secs of Tegoshi, 8 seconds of SHige and 5 seconds of Koyama.... D:
Babe tryna twit pic the picture I just sent him of what I'm lookin like right now ! Lol if he did I would punch him in his face !
I would like to wish all Manchester United fans a Happy New Year, not even the best team in Manchester. . .Gutted.
Lol, I like how somf have there own name, that they call there Twitter Family!
This spray tan better develop because I still look like a milk bottle
twitter Is going so slow, I gotta turn my phone off, its gon take like 53805256 hours for it to turn back on -_-
An now he wants to bring me breakfast ?? Ur like 3 house late .. I've been hungry since I got to the airport!
You can't say you wanna settle down. While your immature. I mean that's like contradicting your self..
My mom called me to wake me up , like are you serious right now I didnt go to sleep till 5!! -___- im mad now.....
Today I discovered Flipboard. I think I like it.
I've been awake for like 30 minutes now & haven't moved off this bed.
When I hear old school music, I feel as though I'm from the 80's and dance crazy like one dem white blonde chicks x_x
I stopped shooting fireworks when I realized it was to damn cold outside. Now I only blow toys up like Sid in toy story x).
I'm not hungry but I feel like eating something..
I dont like you nehmore /:
It feels like I should be in school today.
“@redthatruth “@LiIWayne_YMCMB you don't like me but at the same time you're worried about me and what the f#ck I be doing.””
Aditionally, I like TriBeCa quite a lot. Or: ILiTriQui.
“@NewYearSameNiga “@GodsGift_Twin I'm like damnn, these niggas ain't 100 man I keep that shit a 100””
If I dont fuck wit yu, im not gonna act like I do...
I dont really feel like going out for New Years. As I get older I start to careless about parties, birthdays, etc.
A child was asked when u grow up what would u wanna be .. Nd then he said I'll like to be the leader of boko haram .. Cos they are feared ..
I need my hair done like shit
I have a piggy bank. I like it a lot. I even named it.
I Wish You Would Stop Acting Like A Ass !
this little dog just busted my lip. not even joking. i didn't like you before, but it's on now, devil spawn.
All I can taste is champagne,When it hits the brain like cocaine,Spinning around and round,I can’t get up without your help,I've fallen down
It sounds like a warzone here in Amsterdam with these fireworks omgg I wanna stay insideee
I get up at like the same time every day ..
Like everything in life, there's the bad that follows the good events. Its the end of the year and looking back...I'd do it all again
My shadow the only one I like to follow me wen I go places
I just feel like I'm tired of the games....
I'M LYIN LIKE SHIT THO CTFU!
It can only bring us closer. I support it. "@pat_benson: Today I will learn to like coffee, straight black. No fooling around this time"
Today does not feel like its goin be a good day at all jus plan boring hopefully i find something later tonite
I hate when someone talks to me while I'm ON THE PHONE... like BIIIITCH.. u don't c me talkin?
Happy New Years Eve to u have fun tonight like I know u will
Man I do not like wen you tell someone 1 thing & they run with it & add some bull shit to it....#UGH ppl kill me!
I like the way you call me big papa
I DON'T LIKE THE TASTE OF IT, I JUST CAN'T BE HIPPED TO IT !
2011 brought me some great memories and it also will brings me sad ones I'm missin my grandma like crazy I'm missin escalade like crazy RIP
Went to sleep at like 5:30 and woke up at 9:50.. smh. I hate the way I sleep.
My cough is soo bad, sound like I'm almost dead
Sometimes I wonder how emoji's like this  end up in my "recents".
2 weeks ago i was physically but not mentally ,socially,& work wise prepared for this but now its like im just going for it:)
I'm so stressed like WTF !
I feel like death, can someone come and make me a cup of tea and some food?
Love my uncle>when I think I'm finished he always has that talk that I need<wish I could have a MAN like him 1 in a mill
My twitter is officially fried.... This tweet is going to pop up like 5 mins after I've actually clicked on the tweet button.
I hope she like it X)
I  still feel like twitter isn't useful to me.
When I close my eyes I feel like I'm spinning
I need to quit commenting/liking my ex statuses before I look like da crazy/still in love/thirsty ex lol
I wish, we could held family gathering like others,open the new year with the sweetest way.
...(Cont) So, I would like to change my wishing words that "May you be strong in your heart to accept both happiness and sorrows"!
I would like to wish you all a Happy New Years, please be safe and do not Drink & Drive!
I wonder if mf's spend money like I do, cnt b by myself smh
I've got the moves like mcjagger :)
2 more hourss..<<33 OMGG..<<33 Why am i like this?? <3 Can i just be a little bit calming down??? Am i too excited for new year??:O
I need to vent like real quick lol
Wake up in the morning feelin like pdiddy... Jk I'm feeling hungry.
no drunken tweets of me cos I'm sensible,and I don't really like alcohol..  :) LOL hate it when people are like "fhew I'm dunk" its like no.
fireworks. friends. BBQ. I feel like 17 years old again!
Woke up like I ain't drinking anymore......
3) I don't like being around extremely drunk niggas & bitches while I'm sober. 4) I don't wanna here tha "Wtf you doin in here?!" speech
I am sure I like this Rom for the evolution just gotta find a nice clock /weather widget
Looks like I caught whatever has been going around at work for the last month. Great.
my ex pushed me down as soon as i walked in & im on the floor looking all different faces i knew like they wanted to jump me & i was right .
Hope I'll have time to pin curl my hair later. I'm not bout this straight hair life. I like big beautiful full curls
That awkward moment when you hear your own voice on a recording and think "Do I really sound like that!?"
Feel like crying I'm that bored.
I think I like sex too much !
I RT like siao so go home use wifi watch SJ VIDS LIKE SIAO OPPA OPPA LEH DON'T KID ME LEH !
In 2012, imma TRY to ignore the things i dont like and just laugh.
"I like my decoys like I like my women. Flashy and easy!" -Luke! Hahha
i can`t express how happy i am..the last person i expected 2 tweet n furtermore i've been waiting for his tweet since like forever..tq oppa
I'm feelin' myself like iLost my keys! Good Morning America...
Hahaha looks like I'm going to china this year. Hahaha just won a trip to china rafflle. Hahahahahha wooo
I may not look like much, but I'm pro at pretending to be a ninja.
Still in shock. I am engaged! Whaaaa? **big smiles** Adding on to my resolution lists: working out like crazy. :DDD
If I'm not with kev by midnight wen the ball drops .ima act like I wasn't suppose to c him
Sometimes I feel like I can't keep up with all this new technology lol
My 1st NYE OFF in a while. Gig got cancelled last min, but got the deposit so it looks like I'm gettin paid to party tonight, HAPPY NYE!
I would like to wish you all a Happy Healthy  & Safe New Year!!
I hate when people get married & just divorce like that ; I'm starting not to believe in marriage anymore
OMG what is this remix, i like
What yall doing tonight? I be ballin like the last muuufucka alive down here in Africa. So much on my mind for the new year comin up
I wonder what my mama look like
This is gonna be tough, I gotta tweet like 200 times today
Guys are like stars, there are millions of them, but only one makes your dreams come true. And i think i found my star. :D
"@Mustafe_Hazard: I'm like a cigarette i will hurt you internally." Devlin F64!
“@meechianoswag I do not feel like fuckin with this barbershop today” smooth Thug wit the good hair
I be tryna help her and she be yelling at me and hitting me like fine be hungry and thirsty and in a wet diaper!
My dad looks like he sucked on a lemon after I said I want to dye my hair brown :/..
They ask me why I'm acting like a alcoholic ? Well that keep the pain inside me away.. sins he left me it feels like I'm dying inside
FFS   Twitter over capacity, I dont like using tweetdeck  :(
This May Sound Cliche, But I Feel Like 2012 Finna Be Great!
Heard I got gwope wanna kick it like FIFA
Mantra for 2012: I am not a whore... But I like to do it. Unst unst unst unst.
I love it when she calls me dahling like Morticia from the Addams Family
“@_iLandPERFECT_ why is twitter trippin so early  like this.?” I know
K actually more to....... like. . . . . . . . . . . . .t h i s. . . . . . . . . . . .
Y do I feel like dis..
Feels like i havent slept in days
The only thing I like about disney world is lion king
Tonight my mood up and down like a roller coaster! But, I choose to enjoy it ;)
I can't believe I found someone like you, &i can't believe you're mine. How did I get so lucky?(:
Woke up STARVING! I feel like a lil ethiopian child
Dirty sucker, you think I can get hurt like you , you mother...
Whenever i text someone they say g2g like 5 minutes later! somethin is wrong with me.
I feel like waking people up
My sister is going under the shower I was like:  "Get your tiny little ass in tha shower sistaaa!!!" She:"Fack You" Me: "I love you 2" ._.
shell: where'd he get that from? his pants? clarke: like you wouldn't love a guy who made diamonds out of his dick. shell: uh i'd marry him!
2011 was really all about finding inner peace..and figuring out what I like and what makes ME happy!
"All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait" LOL! wow drake. I just looked up who 'George Strait' is... Lmaoo
I never met a man that was more talented than him...with only 6 fingers dude balled like Jordan!
1 yr ago today I was single & mingling, & caught my 1st date since like 2008 w/ a stranger from K-Town & a kiss at midnight...
I dont like the performances at Marina Bay.
And I don't like it.
"I feel like im the king and shes my ace in the hole" BOOM!
omg miss a! i like this ver :)
right I get it that lots of people like one direction and I don't dis-like them, but seriously it's not good to be this obsessed.
Time 4 new year diet methinks! T_Scut junior has just said i'm getting fat like a big sausage!
As I will be safely tucked up in bed (thanks pregnant wife) for the bells, I would like to wish every1 a very happy and prosperous New Year!
Its definetly one of those days where i dont give any fuck about what i look like in public
Listening to Hearts Burst into Fire. The only song I like by Bullet For My Valentine.
I haven't even started drinking yet but I feel like I'm a bit tipsy. :D Party on! *turns up the music and sings to a hairbrush*
Think I'm gunna stop textn improper because I be ready too write like that on paper.
Tomarrow is 2012. It seems like I was saying "tomarrow is 2011" yesterday.
Lol sorry for waisting 2 years of your life. Didn't expect to be left like this, hah I fucking suck at life.
looking like i'll be doing fuck all tonight. my only other option is too much of a pain to get to and I'm lazy.
i dont like this version >_<
I feel like this Dentist place on fresh pond with the really colorful awning is some sort of sick cauldron for children
I fell like crap!
Do I look like atm I mean I know my father is rich but damn...
Why so many dislikes on my new videos. Gosh if you dont like it then just exit out.. I would love to have a comment why you dont like it..
it does have to be perfect as I fantasy it to be. if it's not like that, then I'd rather spend my life alone. I've got plenty of self love
Changing my display name is quite odd for me o... Its bn like this for as long as I can remember :/
even though I like being in your past, you got a bright future behind you.
I don't/can't/won't respect people like you.
Hahaha I think its so funnyyyy when hoes say '2012 new year, new me' im just like yea we know ur gonna be fat and have a kid callin ya mama.
I feel like wearing my hair in a ponytail tonight
Soo hungry feel like I gota throw up
I wonder what new year is like in the airport ._. oh well I'll know in the next hour haha :)
done like four hours of revising and written 7 pages, i better pass history
This is like the laziest day of the year for me..been asleep for most of the day,and now that I want to watch the match...there's no light
"@brittanyhelana: All the girls I hang with are beautiful & classy ..you just don't find a group like that anymore !"
Baby You Summaa Time Fine I Letchuu Get On Top I Be The Underline I'm Tryna Get Next To You Like The Number 9 Dime
lol looks like I'm going party hopping!
I never like to stay in my hometown for long amounts of time, especially since Pokemon taught me that it was okay to leave on my own whe ...
I don't have the patience for anything anymore but 2010 my anxiety was like a cigarette smoker shit was crazy !
I don't feel like eating now. Maybe next year :>
I was sleeping goid until Jayla called me at like 8 sum
My tweets go out twice like I'm gonna get the papers the papers!
.` I guess they don't make em like me no more..
I really like The Wanted's 'Warzone', I think it's a good direction for them :-)
I wish everyday is always like today! ~ ♥ BEST NIGHT EVER!! :'D
This bitch just walked in da chicken shack ..n sed "my shit burn like crazy" ....I walked out
I feel like "and" should show a continuation of thought from one sentence to another...a similar function to an ellipsis. Kinda. Maybe.
I Got You I Promise ( I Like)
i like this remix, wow.
"@simplynii: You mustve some MAD love for the environment to have your toyota prius customized like the one I'm seeing right now" pictures..
Why I always like someone when he's already taken??
I have the ingredients for a sumptuous supper tonight. Not sure if I like the word sumptuous or not but is the one that fits best here.
I really don't feel like working today
"@LiIWayne_YMCMB: you don't like me but at the same time you're worried about me and what the f#ck I be doing."exactly
How does my room get so messing and I feel like I just cleaned it yesterday! I swear it looks like a tornado went through it !!:)
I can't be the only one acting like everything the same.. A much as I want it to be.. Its not
Feel like I'm in a horror film shit signal lights won't work and my dads missing :/
I love teaching dance! It's like sooo awesome yoo!
where'd you go? I miss you so. seems like it's been forever since youve been gone. just come back home.
Before the NYE festivities, i got on to FB and 'liked' like some 1000 random updates/pics/whatever. Now you go spread the love.
THE MOMENT I REFRESHED MY TWITTERPAGE, HEECHUL'S TWEET APPEARED AND I WAS LIKE DAFUQ MAN DAFUQUUUUQUQUQUQUQQ
Sometimes I actually wonder if Harry is human. I mean, like no-one could possibly just BE that attractive. He's an alien.
Why is my brother playing his pinned like a guitar singing 'I whack my willy back and fourth'
When people say I look like Deena from Jersey Shore I wanna commit.
Like a tattoo, I'll always have you.
Yahh 4 me! I made pancakes this morning! And they actually look, smell and taste like pancakes!!! I know today's gonna be awesome now!!!
"@MyPurpleKisses_: I Need Another Night Like Lastnight Tonight ;-)"
I had the wierdest dream, like all I remember was Samantha in it hahaha.
Honestly I don't feel like dealing with anyone's shit today..I'm in a bitchy mood!
Jurassic Park is a cool movie, okay? I only like the first one. :)
When I feel like I'm getting sick, I take like a million showers
I don't switch favorite players like these bums but kg my nigga he jus old now so i gotta go wit the young cat durant i fucks wit em
Nathan is waay skinny, if I went out with someone his size I'd look like an oompa loompa!
I like it when actors say how "difficult" a role is, what they mean is "pretending is hard"
I don't need to be out here with my hair looking like this O_o Lawddd !
I have a New Years resolution : To be the bestest mommy I can be && not let stress get to me like it has these past few months .
I'm in a house party trippin my generation sippin cough syrup like its water never no pancakes in the kitchen
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control and I think I like it....
2011 is like 2008, best year in my life. I hope 2012 is like 'em too :)
Ive tried in this department but I aint had no luck with this It sucks but its exactly what I thought it would be Like trying to start over
I cannot stand when people have an attitude when they wake up cause you already know what the day is about to be like w/ them -____-
I'm in looooooovvvvve omg there's a cute boy like omg he's so cuuuuute love ihop
I don't care if he likes something I don't or I like something he doesn't I just care if he's embarrassed by me or not
I like that I've become more productive with my life
I jst made my stomach hurt laying like that
I'm such a boss, but I carry myself like a lady :)
All I ever hear is a fucking 4wheeler soo annoying like were not in maine or new hampshire were in the highlands take that else where
hot like horny??? lol “@Imn2u247_365: I so hot rite now...I cnt even txt or talk!!!!!!”
Katy Perry and Russell Brand getting a divorce!! Awww :( I cant lie, I didnt like them at first, but that changed after I saw them together.
After Like 10 Mins Shes Like "Can I Help You?"
Feel like I slept too late .
the place where i am now open sorry sorry then moves like jagger XD
I'm home. Looks like the pic thing worked. Cool! Gotta pack up bike and go. Y'all have a Happy New Year and stay safe. Catch y'all in 2012.
I'll never be like this weak a$$ man on Dr. Phil behind a funky cocked "B*TCH!
I'm feeling like today gone be a good day !
So I come all this way looking like death to find out the post office closed at 12:30... ¬_¬
I hate when my dad go food shopping for the house , cuz when he at the store he calls me asking what I want.. Nigga you kno what i like! Smh
I'd like to say sorry to those who sent me text messages.
So I guess this is what a hang over feels like because I have the worst headache
I Don't Particularly Like You.
"@CallumMcK15: Wake up and bro takes me to macdonalds. What a babe" acting like he weren't going there anyways!Cunt I gave u money be nice:(
Last year sleep str888 through the new year....shit crazZy I been sleeping all year like sum body pregnant Smh
“@ZuuLu_PearlEyes “@_AllOnMe I hate when ppl i dnt like retweet me””
Okay dad, just play Bosnian soccer songs in the car...not like I was listening to my iPod or anything haha.
Ok if u no me I don't like animals and this damn cat just seems to want to be right under me smfh
I really be needing my best friend but I always act like everythings okay but deep down I'm an emotional wreck
Maaan I'm hungover like fuggg! My mouth taste like staight fukn coconuts smh
I like girls who like girls
I love when you look at me like a lalipop and bite up your lips..
I missed my mom and dad especially in occassion like this! :(
I DO NOT FEEL LIKE RIDIN 2 SARINA HOUSE , FOR NO DAMN CHAIRS , TOO MANY STEPS , BRENDA GEEKIN MAN
I hate looking at my future, I love my life now, can't it stay like this forever?
I like when new year's start on a Sunday
I can't wait to eat! I'm gonna eat like if today is my last day of my life! XDDD
the iPhone 4 can get Siri but I refuse to jailbreak my phone . like its not even that serious .
Last day of the year and it feels like a normal day..  .I hope the new year brings goodies.. tired of the bulls#*t.. .=P
I feel like shit
what um i dont like thsi version of it????
I’m scared to death of light and silence/  .Jesus kill me inside this/  .Raise me up to live again/  .Like you did, like you did
Happy new year!!  I got to watch it begin because im watching livestream of 2011 mbc gayo dejun.  I like it but  missed ukiss i think.
I feel like going running in the rain right now..
I don't like starting my morning off and can't Tweet.....lol
I dont wannah seem like a spoiled brat ..bt we was on da phone  for a hour n yu said nth 2 me
Don't like waiting on folks but if I go ahead and do what I have to do my uncle will fuss at me
Moments like this I hate twitter o_o
I hate arguing like I always wanna fight -_- especially when it comes to my brothers smart mouth, ain't got no patience!
I just lost the necklace I got from my mom like 30 minutes ago. I'm special :').
Even though my heart is breaking, I would like to wish you all a safe & splendid 2012 full of blessings! Tweet you all on the other side!
I really don't like answering the phone
U ever been so fried u felt like something was actually wrong either u? B like "Mannn my arm feel funny or am I tripping?" Llls
I woke up feeling good, like with a smile on my face & everything.
i always forget im running a bath and when i go to check on it its like over flowing....
Its New Years eve! Now I'd really like to know what I'm doing tonight..
Yup like always RT "@OnlyChloeShar: Everyone's phone will stop working at 12 tonight...I think....LOL"
TO say i only got like two hours of sleep im not that tired.
“@JustinaBahr: I'm still drunk.” sounds like you had a good night
Ugh everybody need to get off Twitter I can't tweet like I want!!!!
My eyes always look like I overdose on drugs.
I'm not about to play with twitter early this morning . I need to get in the shower , But I really don't feel like getting up though !
My whole body aching ... I feel like somebody done beat my ass lol
I'm the incarnation of verbal murder so pin it on me like prom night.
I really don't like goodbye baby silver remix.
When i get paid my checks be looking like Phone Numbers
Seriously I should stop tweeting I tweet like a drunken man!
Los toms y la uggs con brillantina? I don't like it :s
I'm like a fucking glass to you.
In the barbershop with my son I feel like and hot dog bun cdfu
Money on my Mind..I swear I wear it like a fitted...
Woke up looking like a crackhead prostitute cuz i'an tie my head last night!
so i just chill here like a TURTLE! yeaaahhhhhhhhh still on good vibes :DD
None of my friends like Calvin Harris so I doubt I will ever see him live. :~(
I grind like its 10 of me....
GUESS THE SONG! :D winners get shout out :) (2) They say I'm up and coming like I'm fucking in an elevator ;) GUESS THE SONG! :D
Blackburn 3 Man Utd 2 ... Shocker... I can see Fitzy jumping round the room like Tom Cruise on Oprah lol
I see all these lexus cars that look just like mine! I miss my baby.
I Feel Like Shit Right Now .
I love you like a love song baby, .and I keep hitting repe-pe-pe-pe-pe-peat ♪
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts.
everyones like 'twittas not wurkin!!!' and i'm just like, hur hur i have tweetdeck on my computer
“@Unk_Lina I also like to say s/o to da few friends I have..I love yall”
Looks like i can officially wake up and say hello Brooklyn.
i like crazy, foolish, stupid, party goin wild, fist pumpin music
I don't feel like cleaning today, but it must be done :/
I look like a ghost I need this tan!
It feels like I haven't gotten a new follower in forever.
I love the Addams family!!!!Actually i'd like to be a part of them!!!>v<
I would love to hit the nail shop b4 work... Looks like that ain't happening
Seriously I had three beers last night and I feel like I've been hit by a bus ugh WTF
I know it so well, I know the hustle so well / stunt like I'm doing overnighters right by the motel
I love tortillas. I like to eat them. But they're always against me - they don't want to be eaten. So they jump on me trying to escape.
I never really had no one like you man this all new, She .Made the world I knew bigger, changed the way that I viewed it
I dont like what you've become. it's everything you said you wouldn't.
I don't like falling . Nobody should .
Yep,  I'm not doing no work today I really don't feel like it
wow i feel like service staff seriously need to learn to type how to type with 2 hands....#hacked
If anyone would like to bring me to my car... I'd appreciate it :D
Don't get me wrong, I love going to church, but I don't see how you can sit there from like 7-12 for New Years service.
re: men & I was just like, shit this woman is me !! WE R THE SAME!!!!
I Tweeted That Like 8 Minutes Ago.
I dont see why some emo's cut themselves cus their life isn't perfect, like chill have a chicken wing or summin'. Not hating, just sayin
I don't really like birthdays.. the one day a year I feel old
2011 can suck! I like 2012 better
Ah, so many different plans for tonight. I like it :)
Wish I was old enough or looked like I was old enough too get into clubs and get served, booo my baby face
I would like to thank God for blessing me to see 21 years today. Thank you!!
Sometimes I feel like we're friends, sometimes I feel like we're more than friends, but sometimes I feel like I'm just a stranger to you. NI
Haven't felt this confused since Superman died. I might not even like UFC now that I think about it, just Brock
So I'm listening to Last Friday Night, & I realize that my version of it would go like, "Last Friday night, I watched movies with my mom..."
"@AdroBama: So much shit on my mind I just feel like gettin away....."
Smell like he fukkin sharted, i hate havin a roommate
I feel like these pants are coming off.
Brother has all his friends in and I'm walking about like a half dead zombie
I only got like 3 hours of sleep -___-
‎(Korea time) Happy new year !! Wishing everything u hope will be like that ♥ and i hope u will strong without a bad things of your life. ♥
I was acting crazy last night  I hope nobody takes me too seriously tho I like to play around like that lol
Answer from me... Teamin oppa.. hmm both..I like the song and his face that look really pretty and cute hope he will grow stronger and tall
I wanna peel the clothes of your body like a banana.
Like what I said, I have a very good feeling about Chelsea today....
CONFESSION:: I HATE GROWN FOLKS AGES 25 AND UP THAT STILL ACT LIKE FUCKIN KIDS...#UTOOOLDFADAT
Why are the buckles on only one of boots rattling? I sound like a one legged pisshead, which is inaccurate.
New Years Resolution? What the F**K is a resolution? I know one thing if you didn't like who I was in 2011,2012 isn't gonna be any different
I feel like shooting myself every time Lil Wayne says something stupid and people seriously think it's lyrical.
But I don't feel like driving 6 minutes to Angie house...
If Twitter was specific about the type of BB you tweet from, people like me won't Tweet again. I can't let you see via Curve 1 on my tweet.
Looks like as of March 1st I will be roommate free.
Hanging out with you is a no-no......... I don't mess with switches like that aha
What am I talking about , I don't even like basketball ! -__-
Lmao Jobs are now allowed to enforce no smoking policys therefor not hiring people who smoke. Looks like I'm all good
Why am i sitting in my car, in my driveway, like I dont have a key to get in my house???
Well looks like I'll be going on a boys holiday not a family one I'll be booking it Friday
When you're watching Victorious and your Mum says you act like Jade. Should I take that as a compliment?
Lots to do today... I like the chinese rule of having only 1 kid cause that works perfect for me
Sigh, I'm amazed. When you love truely it feels like your always dreamingg .
I like it wen I enjoy this time of e year
I feel like I should be up doing something....
I'm done letting you run all over me. You will realize no ones gonna put up woth your shit like i did.
Was up till like 4 Woke up at 5 I was definitely so tired I was a safety hazard on the road It was a struggle not to sleep & drive#TiredAF
Lame, but my FAVORITE part of a new year is seeing  someone and being like "I haven't seen/heard from you since some time last year!" Lol!
Short run followed by hills followed by a 1230 tee time on Dec 31st in CoMo...(I like global warming????)
I'm like 'so I need chinese in my life right now' chicken curry me up.
I'm feeling like I need to put on some clothes...... Who wants to do lunch??
Why does tweetDeck for iPhone try so hard to make twitter look dreary? I like the twitter twitter app
Mhmm. I like auto better!
My thug dnt like me on twitter especially if I ain't called her... Now she sayin don't call ima blow dat iPhone up
I hate split ends!!! Like what's their purpose!?!?!
I didn't kno my best friend sounded like a dude in the morning lol
I'm really not feeling like moving
Looks like I won't have time to sleep later..
No mood , i feel like crying :(
Beda urusan momon "@krnfauzan: who? its true? :O "@bellariina: Fine, its all over, I like you no more!""
Omg Heenim tweet!! I feel like jumping!! Figuratively since I can't jump bcs I'm in the car lol. Anyway happy new year tweeps! XD
So i'm going home like a hour early. The fuckkk ?
Living life like I found a check with no ink.. Boii
On my feet for 7 hours. Can I just sit down for like 2 seconds without getting in trouble...?
I Woke Up Hungry Af.. I Want Some Breakfast. Like Now!
Sounds like Hall has battle in him from that last RT I posted him, give youth a chance please BFS! :)
HAHHAHAH I LAUGHED WHEN I SAW THE COUNTDWN ON TV. THE CROWD SO.... HAHAHAHA LIKE NO LIFE. JUST SHAKE THE GLOWSTICK AHAHAHAHAH
You can take everything I have, can break everything I am, like I’m made of glass, like I’m made of paper
I, I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY.
dis time laSt yr treV was hOme & red berry ciroc juS came Out i swear we had like 50 bOttles lOl free lOcO crAz
I ran naked with a golf ball because im sexy like that
I feel like bothering somebody I'm bored as fuck!!
I Just Called My Sister Screaming Bitch Last Night I Was Fucked Up. And She Was Like You And Me Both Lls
i like the way you working me out!
Why do I have a head ache like I'm hung over and I didn't even drink
i hate ppl who act like they gonna die becuz they single
It just got to the point where I feel like no one cares or listens to what I feel and to me its unfair call me selfish but it is what it is
Asking me if I'm going to church tday like I have a choice kmt*
Last day of the year and here I am at work like a sucker.
I hate texting people who don't use smileys. I feel like I'm texting an emotionless robot.
i love you like a love song baby.
I- I love you like a love song baby.
I don't feel like doing nothinggggg Smh
I feel like all the animals in animal crossing that were sick and needed you to get them medicine from tom nook
Every time I have some to do it get ruins with bad ass. Kids like I had em
I have changed for the good. But I would like next year to be better, for all my goals to be accomplished.
I like this version more than original<3
Lol I bet Craig and Korey won't wake up until like 3 In The afternoon xD
I did not want to start my day like that ):
If you want me to be honest with you i feel like you have been breaking my heart since the first time we started talking..
Why am I up , when I only got like 4 hours of sleep? & today is going to be looooooooong , but yet fun.
I bet there will be statuses on facebook like "LIKE this status & I'll post happy new year on your wall" hahahaha haiz
I feel no pain, like novicaine
I hate when customers try to get smart with me like I care if they leave or not no simpathy here
I miss him like crazy;))))
NO MAN LIKE SERIOUSLY......I need to see what is going here. I know exactly what is going on here. I aint no fucking fool.
Good morning Happy New Years Eve it dnt feel like New years 2m well hope I am going to south Jersey today to spend it with my other family
Cant believe i didnt use to like the "Clan" they're actually really lovely and people shouldnt hate on them. :-)
Our team played like shit, but I still and always love them. But I will always despise haters, they are simply a brainless piece of meat
I stopped believing in god when I realised its dog spelt backwards! Its like an anagram but only backwards aint it?!
I need a ballet and tap class in my life like now. Ahhhhhhhh this is killing me right now
haters are your motivators? i dont know, i feel like having haters would make me seriously depressed.
I feel like cying ouchhh!!! My feet
...i like to take it one day at a time
What's so special about tonight? I find it ordinary and just like the other night..
Happy new year!   May this year be happy and peaceful.   The first tune I listen in 2012 is ♪Everyday Will Be Like A Holiday - William Bell
OMF ! I like how no one woke me up D; how am I gonna get ready in a hour?!
"I refuse to believe that you do not think of me like I do you, if I'm right then show me, come thru cuz I been needing you lately" - Keri H
I've tried to forget you but the light on your eyes still shine , you shine like an angel spirit that won't let me go .
this year went by so fast..and I like the end of it way better than the beginning :)
Finally made it to my destination && suddenly I feel sick .. Like soon as I opened my car door , all of yesterday's meal decided to come out
it's like there's war going on! i did not have this for the past two years!
I hope all you hoes don't change in the new year, we like hoes :)
Someone is ALWAYS coming up to me thinking I'm someone else they know. Like, damn, wtf I can't have my own identity? I'M ME!
They i think im too much! HA WTF IM POSE TU THINK! DAT IM LIKE UR KIND? HA! HELL NO! IM ALL DAT && MO' HOE! !
I really dont understand why ppl like messing with my sleeep.
I Wanna Girl Like That
YET AGAIN I CAN'T SLEEP LIKE I WANT TO B/C MY FUCKING DOG
Of course. 20mins after i went to bed,ebon went on the tc i was on for like 4hours smh.
I feel like a dolla bread when I get a retweet
Yhooo ! Like how do yhu stay so anqry with me . I must be a true screw up . Like it wasnt like this before . Yhu used tuh always smile !
Don't hold bck, you know I like it ROUGH--> Softer than a mutha boy I know you wanna TOUCH, breathing dwn my neck I can tell you wanna...
I just heard firework but it sounded like farts.
I cant believe im even up this early...and I went to sleep at like 5am....IM A BOSS!! lol
Im Like As Long As I Got Myself I Need NOBODY!
I need a boy like yoooooooooooouuuu
I'd like to wish all my followers, and the people I follow a Happy New Year from Wales, Uk! Blwyddyn Newydd Dda!
My hair is bout to friz ALL the way up . Like I never straightened it .
Why did my mom just make it seem like I do nothing for her
why am I laying in bed like I don't have work soon. ugh let me get my ass up
I can't control my anger during PMS! Aaaa like seriously, I don't need this PMS to ruin my days
Well I admit that my pretty girls at SSI make my 2011 the happiest year at school like EVER!!please stay with me forever girls :')
- I promise you, if she's fuckin around like that, I'ma whoop her ass!
I think that I will do a cover of Alligator by Tegan and Sara, since they're, like, my favorite band! c:
this the only reason i dont like twitter , "Twitter is over capacity".
Im me..never the only person I strive to be like is jesus
and i'll wait for you there, like a stone, i'll wait for you there, alone (8) AUDIOSLAVE É FODA!
I hate when ppl look like yesterday....nigga at leadt wipe the cold out ya eye! Damn!
I will fucking take your money and kill you . Like a fucking boss .
Why did I end up sleeping so much? Now I'm gonna feel like the day is ending faster...
Can i just like jump of a flat rightnow or?
Independent wit the butt that I like!
Twitter is seriously twisting my melon today. Looks like I might have to resort to facebook.
Looks like I'm gonna get some things done around the house before work at 12
Looks like I'm the only person that's not arsed about new years..I don't need an excuse to get drunk ill just go do it!!
Annoying like * only hahaha. -__- "@KELSERELLA_: Twitter is over cap I swear"
I'm bare on my bed like I don't have a whole house to clean. *sigh*
I don't like people touching me.
Dis man in DA bus smell like hot piss n shit balls n to top it off wit DA liqour smell..#sadcase I'm guh
In Dallas, I'm truly by myself out here.......and I'm not sure I like it that much.
Everyone is gonna be giving their "First & Foremost I like to thank Jesus Christ" speeches today
Harsh when your ipad spell checks a word so know it looks like I've wrote the wrong song lyrics hahahaha
☑"@lindaikeji: I wear this ring, whenever i see a cute guy, i take it off..when not interested in the guy, I flash it like I'm taken...lol"
whenever ppl like my facebook status's, it gives me the sense that I might actually be funny. or they're liking it cuz I write dumb stuff.
Smoke like bob marley did better yet I smoke like the hippies did.. Back in the 70s
i Had A Dream , i Had A Dream ; But iht wasnt nunthinq Like Dr. Kinq !
I'm definitely not tryna be up now, but my presence of twitter and facebook makes it look like I'm lying...smh
The fact that I feel like I was at a sports try out that my body hurts this damn bad !
My face looks like I got beat -_-
My battery fully charged let's see if it stay like this til I make it home
Where do I even spend my money? Spent like $200+ in two weeks for like the 4th time this school year.
I hate to be like this but it's for the better...
I'd like it, if you actually gave a fuck.
"@Krazie4_JMac: I am the only one whose never seen a what Jordans kids look like!???..." nope
I I love you like a love song baby.
Where did that even come from?? o_O.. I can't afford to stress, ima act like I don't kno nothing about it
I seriously hate when movie times are mixed up.  Like get it frigging accurate! !!
My timeline won't load and I'm feeling like shit.
I treat new years jus like any otha holiday, its jus anotha day
i went to bed at like 6....WHY AM I UP?!
To be honest i really dont feel like bein here... I havent even eaten yet
If I was mad at you yesterday chances are I STILL AM, so dont text me & act like everythings fine. You stupid hoe.
She look like ms. university so I'm bout to get that black hole
My aunt told my dad it feel like somebody been in u huh? This fool said " nahhh I dnt know how that feel" lmfaoooo mann they clowning.!
Like you said "I wont make a mistake twice."
I've got a blonde wig on! (literally) feeling all barbie like TOnight. I will kiss goodnight TO 2011
Abby just told me after I spray my cologne that I smell like a man whore -__-
i slept like a baby again lol.
There's really something special about the first Twilight. I don't know, it's like... an atmosphere or something.
So today I will take my son out to play then I'm cleaning my apartment like crazy!!!!! Your supposed to bring in a new year clean!!!
