I love the feeling when u starts talking with someone in here and after abit you feel you know them so much:):)
“@LuckyCHARM___ You catch me when I fall. Accept me flaws and all. And thats why I love you”
When I feel your touch, my knees go weak, and when you say you love me, my whole body goes weak because of the love I have for you too.
I really love the feeling when the clock turns into new year and the party poppers are being released and everyone shouts happy new year. Aw
I love it when he holds me <3
During that period I feel like saying "I love you" but after that, they're selfish, careless and immature. And that's when I start thinking:
I can see your sadness even when you smile, even when you laugh. I can see it in your eyes deep inside you. Because I love you.
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall..
my last sadness hope go away,they laugh when i cry,they smile when i sad,i love thrm even they hate me
How am I expected to date regular guys when Ryan Gosling is my true love
I love when people tweet about fangirling mums thought I was just my mum!!
I don't even have to watch untied to know when they have scored love my family.
I love how my mom uses big words that she doesn't know the meaning of and a lot of double negatives when she talks & thinks shes a genious.
I love when there's no cars on the road peaceful ride to the house
I love it when he lays his head in my lap (:
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship .+ I'm awkwardly sitting there like; ."..I love my dog" *I don't have a dog*
I Will Give You The World, For The Price of a Smile.... I Love It When You Pay Me Back..  ;)
I love when black ppl have red hair and freckles.
I love it when ur friend tells u their favorite song then bout a day later their fav song is different!
I see when men love women they give but a little of their lives, but women, when they love, give everything.
at first i hate twitter? y? because.. i really hate when people are posting everything that is their mind.. but i learned to love it..haha
I love when my boyfriend wakes me up
when i look into your eyes i can see love restrain.....se pa eh assim memo
I love it when mama lets me cook the pasta the way i want! :)
I Been Saying I Love You To Marcus In Different Languages All Week :) When He See It He Gonna Be Like "Wtf That Mean" lls
I Love When People Don't Like Me!
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship and I'm awkwardly sitting there like; "..I love my dog."
Gotta love being scheduled to work tomorrow, when I told boss I wasn't going to be in town. Smh.
I love when things I worked hard on get reblogged on tumblr
That moment when they said "I Love you" & you realize you've been hoping to hear it
I fall in love every time. And I don't really fall in love a lot, but when I do, I fall hard. -Katy Perry
When you run I chased you You told me to stop following you, When I stopped, you got mad! Aminin mo na.. IN LOVE ka rin sa akin 'no?  .:'>
I love Justin Bieber because he every time when i was sad he take a smile :B
I love it when little kids answer the phone while I'm working. Adorable
How can I love when Im afraid to fall..
I can't wait for the Fireworks tonight! I love it when the rockets burst at the heaven, haha :D
i love when guys make promises to you and actually keep them :)
I love how, when you ask for simple cooperation, you get people ignoring you and disregarding everything you say. Thanks a lot.
I love it when I try to buy something then realise I've left my purse at home. Dur.
I hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship .and I'm awkwardly sitting there like; ."..I love my dog."
i love it when it stops at chanjo's part. :p
Love it when I get off my break and it's nearly happy hour, the shift flies over
I love it when Darren uses the term 'Klaine'
Love it when I can get an £11 outfit!
Love when the sun brightens up the house... I love when it shines through windows  
You catch me when I fall. Accept me flaws and all. And thats why I love you
I really love when my lil cuzo is ovr
And to all the good ones, I'm keeping you! :) I love you good people! Long live! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 2012 to 'only-God-knows-til-when' HAHA
When somone call taemin,,"oppa"...i just think.."wow....!!how old is she ?:D" hihihihih...anyway love taemin <3 :)
Physical Touch >>>>> I Love when she touches me, plays in my hair, rubs my back....
I love it when you kiss me there.
HERMIONE. I just love how well Emma acts the tension when the Death Eaters get there to go get Ron and Harry. It's perfect.
I really love Arashi when they perform!:">♥
So what's the complication, it only conversation, I love it when you call but you never call at all - The Feeling *dad dances*
when i hear how much someone can love a child it kinda makes me want a son so i know what its like to love something that much..
I love it when you call me big poppa big poppa
I love how when i go into tescos i don't buy the magazines, i read them there and then an then put them back when i'm done, hehe xx
I love when my baby just be laying on my stomach = )
When I'm woke dat bitch get no love -_-
I love when females talk shit....
I had a dream that was packed w/ people I know and love & some others I don't, but when I tell u ppl were telling jokes that were HILARIOUS
I actually cannot listen to Jay Sean's Ride it without wanting to break something...I rember when I used to love that song...yeah...
I love clothes that make you feel so much more confident, and when you actually feel like you look good in them too.
Niggas love to blow up my phone when I'm sleep
I absoulty love when he doesnt text me, lol jk im mad
best night in awhile.. gonna be the best day ever (: oh btw love when ppl i hate follow me(: two thumbs up(:
Never knew and I would go so far,when you love me na na na na ~
I love when Spotify is on shuffle and plays all the jams back to back.
love to see you cum ....i lust when you walk away
I love it when u give me head, I hate it when u give me headache!!!
Idk why Cupid was chosen to represent love... when I think of love the last thing on my mind is a naked baby coming at me with a weapon.
Love when i assume i will be sleeping in...
I love my best friend she's ALWAYS THERE for me when I need her <3
I love skiing when the sun is out
I love it when you give me head, i hate it when you give me headaches
When I grow older, .I will be there at your side, .to remind you how I still love you...
When someone says they don't like a band that I love, you know what I say? Nothing. They're entitled to their opinion! Take fucking notes!
I love you baby.. Trust me when I say ahahah ohh this song reminds me of good times
I love it when he does that
I LOVE it when God's Word surprises me! Like this one did today--Hab 1:5 :)
U THINK I'M BEAUTIFUL I LOVE WHEN U SAY DAT LOL...........
I Love when she say da da make me feel happy
Ditto "I love the way you bite your lip when you're nervous"
I love when people type correctly on twitter
I love my Debbie Cakes to much to let em Go "( What amd i going to do with out Wendys when i go back to school Ugggh!
I love when I get my haircut that's my " get cute " day
I don't know why but I love the feel of my hair swishing against my back and my arms when I run up the stairs
I fell in love with you the moment you were there for me when no one else was.
I love when up to find out my dad bought a new seadoo
When Edward in WA has no idea how love feels like but he's feeling so much love for Bella and just I can't even with my heart
I've loved you for so long time. Don't ever ask me when I didn't love you, cause I have no answer then...
I love it when you call me big popppa ♬
When me & my Mom are in the supermarket we compare prices by breaking shit down by ounces to dollar. Our math on point. I love Math!
Every time I listen to When I Look At You it reminds me of how much love Miley ♥
LOVE me .... or LEAVE me alone ... im serious when i say that...
Love getting filthy looks from everyone when I drive through town.. Yes my exhaust has a hole in it my car isnt meant to sound like shit!
i love when im the only person in the whole mall parking lot so i pretend the outside circle is a raWghW
I love playing music when I'm busting a shit haha! :P
I love when he kisses me like that :*
I love when time go fast.. But I love December too.. I will really miss december.. :( @ Melly's Garden Bar & Resto
I love when my highs roll over.
I love it when yu talk that talk to me.....yeah
Why is it that when I see 1D fans on Twitter, I love it. But when I see fans in public or at school, I hate it?
I'm down for whatever.. When it comes to you, I could make love on the floor.. Baby, let's get creative..
So put yo numba on this paper cus' I would love to date you , holla at you when I come off tour.
I love when people cheer for my win. Instead of laughing for my lose.
EVERYONE ON STAGE. I FREAKING LOVE IT WHEN THEY DO THIS.
I love it when you eat it ;)
i think everybody tune ppl out when they got someone tht they love or like....
I know im beautiful no cocky ish , but i love when someone else calls me it <3
I love when I come home from work and my kitty cuddles with me
I love your handshake meeting my father, how u walk with your hands in ur pockets,how you kiss me when I'm in the middle of sayin somethin<3
I love when I wake up before the rest of my family.
I'm just trying to love you in any kinda way, But I find it hard to love you girl when you're so far away. Do you want to go to the seaside?
I love sleep so much, it's the first thing I want to do when I wake up.
I would dump a guy so hard if he said "I love the way your nose wrinkles when you're angry" or something similar
I smile.. even when im hurt i smile.. see i know god love me so i smile :)))))))))))):):):):):):))))))))))
“@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her.”
I love those little things like getting a text saying goodmorning :) when i wake up &&& sweet dreams before i go to bed. Hes amazinggg.
When God was making Miley: "I'll throw in some talent, inspiration, hm cant forget beauty, love, and care." ❤
i love when i'm the first one he text when he gets up :)
I love it when a dinner ends with a good dessert :3
Relationships were u dont say "i love u" when u get off the phone .. but "im in love with u" instead ? >>>>>>>>>>
Happy 'end of the world' !, year 2012!  When the aliens come down, I'll be sure to make them amazing coffees. Peace and love y'all!!!
Love it when I've got the house to myself:-)
The Pacifier :D i love this movie, back when Vin Diesel was on form!
under the lights tonight turned around and you stole my heart , with just one look when i saw your face, i fell in love<3
i aint trynna win your heart & you cant pay to when my love. so just keep dancin babyy keep dancin babyyy
I love it when everyone's yelling at 8 in the morning...
I love it when I just woke up and measure my weight & have 2 kg loss weight. But I hate it when I ate , the weight just back normal -___-"
I love the new sound it makes when you retweet something :3
Nishawn waking up telling me she love me n it's hon be ok>>>> it's like she knows when I'm going through stuff
If i were a time traveler,i'd love to go back to the moment when i was born,so i could see how much my mom n dad love me!
i love you,♥ .when you cry,♥ .when you laugh,♥ .when you kiss,♥ .when you walk,♥ .when you move,♥ .but i love you the most, when you love me too.♥
Spongebob makes me feel so stupid when I watch it. But I love it.
When Reti randomly tells me she's in love with Mark Foster. I knew she'll inevitably turn indie. Hmph! My own friend! It's all ovuuur.
i love it when noone is my house and i get just plaay my muuuusic so LOUD
On a side note I love it when David De Gea celebrates!
Fell in love when I saw you standing there
When I love I go hard. I don't half ass it cuz then when u lose me I can at least say I gave you my all.
I love when your parents give you a birthday card misspelling birthday lol
I love when daddy sends me sweet texts, god it's gonna hard as hell to tell him by right before my 17th birthday
Looks like I'm seeing the new year in sat doing nothing. Damn I love it when no one wants me to join their plans. Happy new year.
WHEN I'M THE ONLY SON HOME I WAKE UPP TO WAFFLE HOUSE THANK YUH MOTHER I LOVE YUH
I like how guys are when you're pregnant with their child. Of course they have to love you beforehand.
I love you from the bottom of my heart , I miss you if you far from my sight , I need you when I'm getting down in my life
I love hearing somebody lying, when I know the truth :)
"I LOVE Skyrim, WOW, Macs, Gadgets, programming" HAHA gurl what planet are you from? since when does skyrim(gaming) go with Macs?
hotterthanjuly I LOVE it when ppl look at my beautiful lover. She is hot and she is MINE!
I love bn me..chicks wit fake dicks revealing they true pussies when shit hit the fan
I love when the government cuts me checks
I remember when they told Mrs tarsha was pregnet , I was in shock , love that woman ! * goes to her fb
an all the guys that went to an thanks to my cousin for helpin me end my night when we got back i love u guys
I mean it when I say,I really wanna check in to a hotel just because I love the bed and the breakfast buffet.
I do LOVE the Man United fans.. cant take losing at all but then "big it up" when they get level
I love when the only one persons on my mind and I cant show you.#confused
i love when guys notice the little things .
I love when Anders celebrates.
Thank you lord for given me the knowledge to know who to run to when I need love
I love when I tell my mom to make me breakfast and she gives me money instead an says go get something
Yesterday when I was in the living room The Buzzcocks - Ever Fallen in Love came on and everyone was sitting near me and I almost cried.
i love when ppl talk shit about GhettoGaggers, AFTER they watch it. HAHAHAHAHAHAAAA
I'll never forget that beautiful night when Matt tweeted me. Love him
How I Met Your Mother is on Netflix.. I fell in love when I saw this 3 days ago.
It's so hard to break up with someone when they say "I love u and I'm trying to be a really good bf to you" ugh what do I do??
Cuz i got love for you, big love for you, even when i'm trippin'.
I love when searches like "fat arms in a sleeveless dress" bring people to my blog.  Yep... that's me!  ENJOY my pics strange weirdo.
I love when you're in the car and you can feel the music from everything you touch. you don't get that with your ipod
I love when I tell niggas I have a man ... cause tge stuff they say back is too funny
I asked myself why sit here thinking about one person when theres over a million of niggas out here who can love me better...
I love it when your brothers friends just randomly come up to me and hug me :D
I love when you look really good... And you're not going to school.
I love the rain the most when it stops
i love when people follow me just to be nosey.
I love it when my groups dress in white <3
Love it when customers tell me there veg like I don't know what it is, I know what a bloody shallot is!!!
I love it when you call me big poppa.
I'm personally insulted when ppl remake MJ songs... But the J5 spin Beyonce put on Love on Top?! That's my soooong lol.
I just love when United loses so please Blackburn, make my day'
i love clapping when the plane lands, that's why i choose ryanair
I will only be sure when the time whispers it to my ear and tell me..Yeah you still Love her :)
I love how we have family coming over but no one actually knows when they'll be here :')
I swear, I love it when Leeteuk oppa is a MC (x
I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her.
Okay,going for something to eat and then when I get back (1hour) I'll post the next part cuz I got positive feedback :) Much Love xox
Total remembering last year (2010) when we went to Derby for the weekend. That was so good! I love Derby.
I love it when Al Qaeda has there end of year party outside my window... Thanks for the wake up neighbors :)
I love it when i drop my ipod and my headphone saves its life (:
Thank you lord for enough knowledge to know who to run to when I need love.....
I love when a question on a test gives the answer to another question.
I love watching my dad when he's watching football! You've NEVER heard so much swearing!! Lol;)
"@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her." -,lol, tell it
i love when people fall off the face of the eartthh..
I love when u give me head I hate when u give me headaches...
Baby when I used to love you there is nothing that I wouldn't do..
when i say spacker, i should correct myself and explain that he's not a spacker, just a lazy, arrogant twat who wants everyone to love him.
I love when my fone vibrates, but when its a text or call from someone I dnt care to talk to, it just blows all my excitement
I love my MP peepz mara they see flames when it comes to fashion.
It's my first love,  .What i'm dreaming on  .When i go to bed, when i lay my head upon my pillow, don't know what to do...
How can I love again when I can't stop loving the one that hurt me so much?
i love b1a4 sfm but they remind me of when me n kelsey hardxcore stanned them tgt and i get sad ;;
I love when I can wake up and not touch my hair and its still curled from the previous day.
I Wish You Could See How Much I Love You, Because I'm Dying When I See You With Her ;" )
Love his morning txts, least I know he's thinking about me when he wakes up! ^_^
I love when random lyrics come to my head
I love when you give me head but i hate when you give me headache
LOVE LOVE LOVE is everything i hear when i see Harry Styles !!!
I love it when u call me big papa
I love when Crystal lewis sings in spanish
I love when a test question gives you the answer to another questionNz5
Idk bout you guys but I love it when a girl wears a lot of rings and that my girlfriend does<3
I love when Done in Secret comes on when I'm in the shower. I start singing along and dancing like a freak. And then almost die.
Someone asked me "How do you know when you're in love?" and I replied, "All the songs start to make sense." ♥
When im in love, i find my self smiling for no reason at all
When "But"  follows the statement "I love you" it is a disclaimer. So consider yourself disclaimed! Eleazar
I'd love to sleep away the last day of the year. That way, when I wake up tomorrow, the whole year will just have been one bad dream.
Arsenal supporting mate of mine just puts his status as 'I love the Yak!!'. I'm sure he wasn't loving him when he was scoring vs AFC. Moron.
Goodnight all my beautiful followers. When I wake up, it'll be 2012! Thank you for all the fun times. You guys are the best. Love Bec :)
I love it, I love it, I love it when you eat it. ~
I love that feeling when you get zero sleep, but it's so worth it.
i love you twitter..you always with me wherever i go even when i'm alone
When you love someone, you just don't treat them bad, oh how I feel so sad. -_- stupid song stuck in my head
i always love it when the news shows the new years fireworks from every country......who burns the most money?
under the lights tonight, you turned around and you stole my heart; with just one look. When I saw your face I fell in love.♥
Not gonna lie.... i'm gonna all my girls when we leave school! :'( girls if you are reading this i love you's and i will never forget you's
I want 2 be the 1 who's hand youre holding I want to be that special someone who's always there when youre in need i want you to love me
Love journeys in the car when I can just put my headphones in really loud.
Saddest time of the night is when he goes to bed :( i love you  <3
I love it when United fans chant “You scouse bastard!” without realising that their best player is indeed.. Scouse!
I hate when people say that DE is about lust and sex. Rofl...like, when?! He would love her even if she didn't have a vagina. IMO.
Idek but I love that sean smith used to be all emo when he was young :P
I love photos, because the best thing about it is that it never changes even when the person in it does.♥
& they said I wouldn't get off a 6am w/ the amount of patients I had tonight. Guess I set a record! I love when ppl doubt my abilities. (:
thts my shiiiit!!!! Yessss girl Lol! RT“@HeartlessGirlxo: I Love It , I Love It , I Love It When You Eat It ;)”
I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her
I Love it When You Eat it !
I love when people don't do what I ask them to
We have a very LOVE LY relationship .when I become happy u become unhapppy
I hate when people say fuck the police. It's so wrong. Don't just fuck them, love them tenderly and make sure you call the next day.
I treat women like they treat shoes I love em NEW but when I get a NEW one I forget bout the old one & that's  how them pair of UGGs feel
How can I move on when I'm still in love with you?
I am in love with the Talking Jimmy app! When you laugh and he does it back its so cute :')
Love mornings when I can wake up early and get a good start on cleaning the house! ;)
.i want u on top i want u to find your favorite spot when find it make ya body rock u got my ♥ imon finish wat u start make ya love cum down
there are times when I feel your love around me
i'll be waiting for uuuuuuuuuuuuu when youre ready to love me again
i love it, when harry says: ¨düdüdü, i'm back.¨ or; ¨a fish.¨ or when he is laughing. *-* he's sooooooooooo cute! my cuuuuutie!<3
When guys lie, they say " I love you." When girls lie, they say " I am okay."
I love it when a plan comes together.
Fact about me: when I love I love hard
I love it when a girl be half sleep, cuz when I put it in imma wake her up, then put her back to sle0jI
Dear twitter,tonait im just wondering~when am i gonna c my parents again??really wanna show how much i love them,aint as easy as pie though!
Jiahahaha RT aaah hahahaha "@mutiarainda: When I think of love, I just think of you"
Nothing like likkle rain in d morning when mi just wake... Come ya yaa mi pillow... *"Nobody gonna love me better, I must stick w/ U 4eva"
i love when they give shindong and hyukjae excuses to be idiots.
I love it when you give me head but I hate it when you give me headaches!!
I love when Harry and Hermione dance is DH part 1
I love when Carter smiles <3
I love those text messages when you just look back on them and smile like a freak at your phone not wanting it to end. :)
I love those surprise phone calls.. Ya know the kind where u get butterflies when u see their name pop up on the screen
I love it when you go to make an omlette and it actually comes out as an omlette, not scrambled eggs! Triumphant!
Only say "I love you" when you REALLY mean it. Don't just say it to hear it back.
When I Say I Love My Niggas That Mean I Love My Niggas !
When couples who have been out for a week post stuff like 'i love you so much babe xxxxxxxxxx' and then they break up the next day
I Love It When Your Real With Me :)
I don't know when I got bitter, but love is surely better when it's gone.
I love it when there's a wedding going on,on my favorite tv shows .. Feels cosy and upbeat!
When I get out of the car, I like to do it in slow motion like manson in 'tainted love'
I love when old people curse...it just makes my day lol Smh
I be sayin to myself as I put on the gloves , it hurts when u gotta kill a nigga u love .
# Np How can I love when I'm afraid .To fall .But watching you stand alone .All of my doubt .Suddenly goes away somehow..
love the face my phone says i have 5% battery when it has been on charge for half and hour now ?
When I start doing photography at events .. When I get the money I can flower and take care of my mommy and show her how I love her.
okay so my dad just bought some new shoes and said i just love em, they give me some swag when i walk! hahahaha oh dad!!
I can't even kiss my love when the clock hits 12:(
I love it when male singers sing high...its sexy af
I love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches
i think i love my kitten more than anything really. she makes me laugh, gives me good cuddles when i need them and loves me back in a way.
Gotta love my Japanese friedns. They never forget (even when i do) and they pay back three times as much...:)
I love how smells take you back to far away places like when I smell my hollister aftershave I'm back on 5th avenue in New York
I just love it when you order something online expecting it to come when you ordered it for and it still hasn't come :')
When jj get older him gone love his gran gran lol i jus see it now
I love how she only messages me to get a hold of my boyfriend, then never replies back when I reply. I think I legitimately hate her.
I love the feeling I get when I put a smile on your face!
That awqard moment when you fall in love with a piece of clothing, but then you see the price. "NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU" :D
I dont know why but she just love talkin to you when you tired and want to sit down
I love it when i watching fireworks and it makes me remember sort of things
I love when the mall isn't busy, makes my job 10x easier :')
Kennedy was so sweet when I woke her up this am. Hugs and kisses all morning and she said hi to me! Gosh I love that little girl!
I love disney movies from when I was a kid and I like the ones now
C when people in facebook say "I <3 one direction" I'm like I hate u! When people on twitter say "I love one direction" I'm like OMG SAME!
Some people just don't know when to quit...I can see some people love living in the past, too...Come on now!!!...Be real with yourself...
I love when Jazz music is incorporated into Hip-hop
I love it when you give me head, I hate it when u give me headaches
Sorting my room out has to be the most boring thing, but when it’s done I love it.
I never thought I'd be in love like this .When I look at you my mind goes on a trip .Then you came in, and knocked me on my face
I love it when someone makes my day before it even really begins! ^_^
I love fx cause they wear clothes when singing not like most of the other girl groups
I love when my birthday comes because I celebrate it all week. Let's party!!!lls
I love when I visit my dad everybody is up earlier just like meeeeee
Why you thug me like that? Cause I'm thugged. I pull away from girls when we start falling in LOVE.
I remmber when find your love by Drake was every girls favorite song
I love this: "Your attention is currency - when you pay attention to something, you’re saying it is valuable and worth your time"
I love it! I love it! I love it! When you eat!
I'm turning fifteen in like 2 hours? Oh, 'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you, you gotta believe them~
I LOVE it when GOD puts  good people in my life   ..........................
When this 'love' of yours is gone, don't come running to me. I've moved on.
absolutely love it when I get ignored
I love when you pssst me =)
I LOVE IT WHEN YOU EAT IT!!
I love ya because you make me smile when I cried, I'm lucky to be yours guys♡
260 followers. I love it when it's a round number :D
I love when I hear this song....old but reminds me of my boo :)
i love blackburn, but when they're playing united..i could cry
Love how I'm never ill and when I am it's on NYE
I love nani when he doesnt slow use down he can really drainit out of the side
I love laying in my bed when I just change my sheets and cover
When you're lonely ... I wish you LOVE,,
Shes a cruel mistress, and a bargain must be made, but my love don't forget me when I let the water take me.
I remember when I use to love shit!
I love it when you're in a parking lot and it's absolutely rammed. Then one lovely person points at you to say they're leaving :)
I love it, I love it, I love it when u eat it (in my Rihanna voice) oooowww....
Dammm I really miss when he use to text the most cutest thing about how much he love me
RT "@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her." - this :((((
"suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion....I love it, I love it, I love it when you eat it"
I love when I can just walk around in undies  ..lol!
when f(x) wears sneakers and caps <3 <3 i love this f(x)
Oh I love it when I get all word confused, and my tweets look like I'm pissed, and people point it out !!!
he love it when I say TRAPPPPP
I'm out of touch, I'm out of love, I'll pick you up when you're getting down... .Ed Sherran-Lego house <3
When you walk past the bathroom and all you can hear is your dad singing " feeling hot hot hot " ahahaha i love my dad!
Love being  Ill when I'm suppose to be goon out tonight
Unforgotable memories in 2011 when I met you , I love you , be with you and you left me !
diego is just the cutiest! I love how he choose me over my boyfriend the other day when there unsepeg7E5C5
“@AuliauliA86: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with..........HER!"
Love seeing Dads fuss over their lil ones, Moms I love seeing u too, but Dads r just tooo cute when doing this.
When I'm lying in my bed, thoughts running through my head, and I feel that love is dead, I'm loving angels instead ~<3
GTS 5 "cause, i love your handshake , meeting my father, how do you kiss me when , i was in the middle of saying something"
i love love love when people stare means ive captured an eye
I love it when a olan comes together :)
AraMichelle1227 hi. I love you too. When did you get this?C2kY
I love to keep it cold when I sleepyVYhf
Thank you friends, u were there when I was at my ultimate low. You have no idea how much a single tweet or text meant to me. I love you. :)
Omg. Love the way you lie part 2. Miss the times when I was obsessed w the song.
i find it sooo gay when dude put this in their bio --> 19 | Single | I dont love these hoes ... like
How can we love Jannah when we don't know what is in store for us? I ask Allah to make us of them. Save your self and learn about Jahanam
Hate it when people from your school put an old picture of Harry on fb and put 'he's gorj I love him' no you don't
I love reading the National Post on Saturday morning. Especially when the forecast for Vauxhall is so good!#happyandcontent
I love knee high socks and really want to wear them when the weather gets better but I think my mum will think they're slutty.
I love to help and encourage people. Where can I go when I need advice and encouragement? I just don't know what to believe anymore.
I love you more than I did when you were mine.
and to the boys that i really love.. breaking my heart when its all the technical probs and the guys have to take it upon themselves
I don't believe when people say that sometimes love isn't enough. I think they just don't love enough. ~Elene Lomsadze
When really I'm the only one in love!
_SophieLouSmith when I was pregnant I used to play on sims for days in bed haha. I love rollercoasteu51i
Gotta love my reaction when I see Alex Kingston's name in a crossword:L
I love when pastors make post about their ministries.. It drives me closer to becoming who God wants me to become.
I love all my 680 followers. All of y'all are flawless. Im greateful that y'all follow my annoying ass twitter even when I spam alot :')
When I get too drunk..i LOVE SEX ¡
I love when schools send big envelopes in the mail.
Love it when i hear a nice song on radio but don't know what's the name..
Pride stepped in so God stepped out. He's said come back when you realize I'm the only one who will truly love you & never let you down.
i love when i buy an ipod alarm clock /docking station and it wont play music from my ipod ...ihatea
I love how Norma always blames shit on me when it wasn'tt me. It was most likely her.
"you know what happens when girls drink, they get knocked out and get knocked up" I love my grandma
I love when yyou wake up an have to pee so bad but wont move baceuse your too tired
wahaha. omg, i love the arguments on the chatbox. is teuk gay or not? best answer: not gay only when kangin's not around.
Ever tell ya how much I hate PKs? Oh, I love them when they're taken by my favorite team. But if not, I hate them b*tches.
When someone says 'I love you' to you at the most unexpected situations. Terharu kejap.
"Then there are days like today, when you make me want to tear my fucking hair out" Mum: Well thats not very nice.... I love my mum :L
Watching Dirty Dancing, when Baby and Patrick are dancing close in his cabin, my Mom says "Somebody's about to get Porked!!!" I love my Mom
i love it when you give me heeeeeeead, i hate it when yo give me headacheeeesss!
When, and if only you're at that point, did you look her in the eyes and said "I love you" just for the simple fact that u do
Woke up thinking even when I'm down , Damn I Love the Life I'm Living
I hate puking, especially when its my chuipotle burrito. I love those things
I love when someone says something stupid to let me know we shouldn't be friends. Keep talking.
Up early smiling thanking god..I love when I'm so excited about sum I can't sleep
I asked what is it that you love? If it is Allah we love than what of him do we know? How could you love Allah when you don't know him?
I now know how true it is when people say you'll do anything for the person you love.
I love when people say American cars are shit... they are still a hell of a lot better than the shit the Krauts make.
I remember when he told me he love me.... Now all I hear from him is crickets
When I think of love, I just think of you
I LOVE it when people compliment my truck!
I Just Love When A Really Cute Girl Qoutes My Tweet !
I love the friends episode when ross wears rachels dads glasses and has one of his fags hahahaha
I love both my sisters the same. But it's heartbreaking because I know one loves the other more than me. Even more so when your mum agrees.
Love when I wake up at 6 and can't fall back asleep.. Fuck it. Shower, malll, nails, then work
Just switched Facebook to Timeline! So, when will the pages have similar features? I love the magazine layout effect. It's so easy to enjoy.
love when i wake up to hilarous voicemails :D
Feels like I'm falling in love when I'm falling to the bathroom floor
when the world is closing in and you can't breathe. May I love you.
"When you make something no one hates. No one loves it." –Tibor Kalman (I love this one)
You know your a potterhead when the word 'Always' means more to you than 'i love you'
I love when I have a productive morning, now off to work for a bit! And then it's NYE!,
RT"@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her."
I feel like crying when I scroll through Mileys tweets...omfg I love her so-ooo-oo-oo muuu-cchhh
"@UrFavoriteGYN: I LOVE IT WHEN YOU GIVE ME HEAD!!!!!!!! I HATE IT WHEN YOU GIVE ME HEADACHE"
12 Months of Love,52 Weeks Non Stop Fun,&365 days of Happiness. .So when you Mix them all,u will found a Very Happy Year!& I think its 2012
heart beats fast, colors and promises. how to be brave, how can I love when I am afraid to fall?
I love this time of year. Its when a lot of folk get real different. Don't be weird in the midst of your change. Be wise and effective.
Love coming home with my brother when he is just as intoxicated as I am. 6K9VHX
When he isnt online twitter just aint funny..:/ need to do somethin else to get it of my mind. I love him<3 my boo
lol it's so funny when you rightfully put your parents in their place and they can't do anything about it. i love beomg grown
Scotland always gets a bit too carried away when it comes to new years, but that's why I love being Scottish.
When I feel sad. I always think about my mum. I love her. Im so sorry mum, Im not a good daughter. Im not strong like you.
Babies, whenever you tell me my videos make you happy it just makes my day. So touching :') I'm happy when you're happy! Love each of you! ♥
Justin bieber your the best. I love when you be yourself.
I Love It , I Love It , I Love It When You Eat It ;)
"I stopped believing in Love when I stopped believing in the Tooth Fairy"xvyZiq
I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when u tell me u'r talking wit her.#TeamFollowBack
I really love when my grandfather badgers the waiter/ waitress every time we ever go to a restaurant
So I'm a lil bit excited...love when my baby takes care of me :)
hongki looks so passionate when he sings i love him ;w;
Love it when I'm talking to a mate on webcam then my mum comes in and asks if he is my boyfriend ! (cringe)
i love it when its sunny and the winds blowing.,.
And when you think you like it i promise you gone love it.
Fuck I love grand designs. Especially when posh cunts lose a pile of money because they think they know something about building
I completly lost it when my dad called me, i love my ringtone hahah.
When you love someone, set them free.. HELL NO. I'm holding on for LIFE!
Maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up
I love when my Kindle screensaver flips to the words "Don't Panic". (Written in large, friendly lett
I love when one jey on my touch screen key board decides not to workk
I MISS THE MOMENT ,WHEN YOU CARE AND LOVE WITH ME !
I love it, I love it, I love it when you eat it
tell me again, was it love at first sight? when i walked by and you caught my eye.
Love how I'm making all these plans about parties tonight when I stil havent even asked if I can go.
I love listening to Pastors Jesus said when you are thirsty n hungry come to me!!
happy new year to my beautiful followers you are all so amazing and thank you for talking to me when I am bored :) love you all xxxx
I love it when I'm making progress.  Still a lot to do, but moving forward & all from the comfort of my bed :)
His heart is speaking to me....Damn I love when he says these words! Almost feel like he loves me, but we haven't even met!
It feels so bad go in the  new year  when i have dispute with the best girl, and when i can't talk with my love -_- :(
I seriously love it when the artists make their fans sing. so nice :') like concert
You ain't no road-man when you blasting bleeding love just cuz you're sitting in a back street alley don't think I daint clock you..
I love being in the car, when its in a car wash for some reason. :P
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. I can do a lot, but I can't pretend that I don't love you#TeamFollowBack
when your bestfriend texts you something so lovely. o man I love her!
I love when Raquel sings in Spanish lol she's funny [:
When I love. ♥ someone , I really do. ♥
I love when he jus rubs my bak for no reason ,
I miss you while you are gone, and love you when you are here. Your smile lightens up my life when ever you are near.
Love coming home with my brother when he is just as intoxicated as I am. gFf
I love how when school starts back up that's when my job decides to give me more hours again...
I never asked you to change for me, .Cuz I love you for what you wanna be, .You know what happens to me when I see u  .My heart beat runs away
I love my hair when I come out the shower
I think when you find love you lose your mine truthfully
Watching why did i get married too..just shows me that nothing is perfect and make sure when you love someone you love them long and hard!
Thinkin That I Love Her When I Shouldn't Have Even Liked Her
I got a wifey at home and when she want she can have it nd she in love wit my stick she say I work it like magic
8 hour shift and my phone lasted me for a 13% battery when I started at 29%. I love my iPhone. (:
But When it hurts, I can make it better We been thru the worst, Made it thru the weather. Our  .prob & the pain. But Love Dont Change
I hate u...ha! like how the hell do u expect me to hate u when i love u?! haha! Okay random
I love their style.. Like when they starts to debut years ago
If my brother wasn't so big, I'd fight his behind! When I tell you that Negro sells out... BADLY lol but I love him though
And even when we argue, I know we still love each other.
I love it when artists sing their own BGV's. It makes it so much better.
When you really love someone, you would do anything for them and I mean anything
I LOVE my belly piercing. Get so excited when I buy a new bar :)
I love it when I have to get off my bus and wait an hour to get back on when I was sorta sleeping.
I love when someone new pops up in my mentions :}
i was in love with my collage when you was in it with me Mnaair <\3 but now i can't stop missing you my twin ;'(
Under the light tonight you turned around and you stole my heart with just one look, when I saw your face, i fell in love
I love the consistent sound of wind, rain and snow when trying to fall asleep.
Love seeing my dogs happy face when I see her in the morning
When I'm done, I'm gonna get every little bit of your love~
Happiness is when you lovesomebody and when theylove u too… of corse still with ...and shoes!! .i love u... .you now who?? .EJHA....
I love it when Zayn talks and that accent creeps in :)
Fucc me good. Fucc me long. Fucc me numb. Love me now when I'm gone love me none.
everything is everything when we're just making love how can we make it love when i dont trust you we need more than love
I love the mornings when you get woken up just to go out to get doughnuts and coffee. <3
i love when boys actually care about the people they talk to :)
mbc i love you tonight for your super good streaming quality but you sucks when it comes to pairing groups up srsly
JUNGSHIN I LOVE IT WHEN YOU PUT YOUR HAIR UP
I love Lenox when its like this..so quiet = ) lol
LOL I love Samuel when he's in a rage. <3
I am in absolute timelessness. I do not know when the new year begins and ends. For me, the day my ego disappear.   Have a great Party, Love
OMG. I love it when the artist didnt sing and the fans chant XD so adorable~~
I love when babies smile in there sleep.! :)
Thats when I whipp out that good ol Lifestyle. NO GLOVE NO LOVE BABY
Happy New Year to my darling Poks! May 2012 be a fruitful year for you! I love all of you and we'll do our best when we take over okay!
Under the lights tonight turn around and you stole my heart just one look when I saw your face , I fell in love :)
I love it when u talk dirty..lol“@iamt0dd: gotta field day to bring in the new year right”
When I started love Justin some people told me I will give them up in 2 weeks. Dudes... Has been 3 YEARS and each day I love him more ;)
I love when my job give us food!!! It be some yummmy stuff too!! Wooo!! ???? party in my tummy!!! ??
I love when people broadcast on how they are looking for a gf or looking for a real relationship. Go out and look for it quit posting itonFB
I love it when you give me head I hate it when you give me headaces lol
Love it when my baby calls me before work... If it were anyone else I wouldn't even pick up this early!!
I was changing but when I came back someone wrote nice things and go away xP .... well I am here now <3 love you :*
when you go would you have the guts to say "I don't love you"?
When I was younger new years eve was not a fun birthday!! But now I love it! Don't judge me for pretending everyones celebrating me tonight!
When I'm watching Big Time Rush, I feel like I'm at home. Like 'there's my home'. I just love it♥
I love it I love it I love it when u eat it
RT "@VStanojevich: I love it when your eyes are red.."
i love it when my TL hasn't waken up or has gone to sleep. best thing ever.
I love it when it rains and when a storm forms. Quite amazing!
It's a touch when i feel bad, it's a smile when i get mad, all the little things i am, everyday i love you  ♬♪♬♪
I love how i was there EVERY single time you needed me but when i really really needed you?.. Where were you huuh?  :/
i love it so much when Junho unspiked his hair! ^^
:)) RT “@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her.”
i love when i post a photo in tumblr and a few minutes later it has a lot of notes <3
I love when my mom comes thru the clutch , out to the mall super early lol
When you tell me you love me ! I need to be able to trust that& when you say you will not leave me I need to be able to believe it !
I love when I go to work early and have time to just sit and think lol
love how as soon as i turn the radio on when i get back in the car louis' voice comes on:-)
I love the nibbles left over from christmas such as biscuits, chocolate, crisps etc and when they are all gone its so boring.
i usually don't tweet manchester united,but when i do it's because i love to see manchunian get trolled
“@QuotesForGirlz I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her.”
"@jayynieee: when my best friend needs a cuddle i say ill be round wjen im ready <3 always there for her <3" love you!!!
Oh I do love it when none of my friends text me back so I have zero clue of what's happening tonight...
how can i love when i'm afraid to fall ~
"@QuotesForGirlz: I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with her."
I love when my brother laugh in his sleep
how can i moved on when i fill in love with you~
Lmao I love liking peoples 'like for a line' status when they don't like me, it's funny :-):-)
I love it when Yesung tweets in english
When I open my kitchen cabinet, there's no creamy tea anymore, dear Lord I miss him, I love him more then my self..I love you grandpa..
So, she loves two guys and when I tell her that can't be right and neither is a true love, she calls me a cold-hearted person.
"Papi" is my favourite song from J. Lo's "Love?". I wanna fucking dance when it's on!
I wish you could see how much I love you, because I'm dying when I see you with..........HER!
When the rain is blowing in your face, And the whole world is on your case, I could offer you a warm embrace, "To make you feel my love." :)
Our new coffee maker "Beeps" when its finished making the brew...I love this machine  ;P
I love that my boyfriend (@AndresDuranM) is tall, so when he hugs me he has to lean over and I feel protected. ♥
When they fight, they fight. And when they come home at night they say "I love you, babe"
When ur mom mad at u it just for a while. But when she said "I love u honey" it mean forever
I love it when you call me bitch! Makes me feel homesick
I love it when you smile, but I love it even more when I'm the reason..
I love when he comes home
*I love it when things are good* :) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hope u have a lovely night tonight :)
I love when talking to young children show how you love me, and they hug you with all the strength and sincerity
Chibi I love u love u love u so much..n I miss u miss u when u're gone..Chibi I need u need u need u so much..since I foubd that Love Is U..
Awh I love when Princess' nose twitches when she sleeps :3
Wew love it when I find money sitting in my goggles
I wish Demi would sing 'You deserve the best you're beautiful' instead of 'I deserve the best I'm beautiful' when she covers How To Love..
I Love when famous answers the fans !
I love it when i wake up to a lot of messages :3
"@ladi_gem08: I'm thinking shipleys when I get off" Love those strawberries donuts >
When You Say That You Like It I Promise You Gonna Love It
That awkward moment when you say "I love you" and he says "Okay" >>> so sad :(
I love it when I hug a guy, and just when I'm about to let go, he hugs me even tighter.
Girls girls girls girls girls i do adore . Yo put your number on this paper cause i would love to date ya holla at you when i come off tour
“@Jayyaintwantin I love when I put people on hold & they hang up good cuz I was debating on hanging up on yo ass anyway”
love when i dogsit and teach him how to speak
I love it when you give me head
I love y'all buuuut, I can't get with ya tl when all you is RT and s/o. nope.
For some reason I'm reminded of the days at Rawdah when I was in grade 5 and I was absolutely in love with Lee Ryan from Blue
I use to love when my mom paid me and my sista Monique contract bill ..smh
Who needs an alarm clock when u can be woken up w a good ole fashion headbutt...thanks Micah I'm feeling the love...literally
Baby when I used to love you. There's nothing I wouldn't do for youPSr
Most of y'all when Nani plays 'bad',are all like you suck,you're shit,dick,blabla... but when he plays good,omg I love him. -_- FOH & BYE!
Erm... I don't care if you're the love of my life, when I'm tired, I'm tired. Stay off my line.
