2011 was an interesting one for me. Certainly not the greatest, but it made me grow in many ways. 2012 will be a better year :)
2011 was to say the least...interesting  but it's showed me a lot about myself and others for the better.
I had an interesting year. But I can't say it was bad. I don't think I've ever had a bad year!
Unbelievable how fast this year has flown by... It was one of the most interesting, rewarding, happy, and maturing years of my life
Let's just say, 2011 was full of MEMORIES :) It wasn't the best but a lot of interesting things happened :D
It was mad sunny and then we drove north and it got foggy af lol weather is mad interesting
Wow, this is it of 2011. Sure was an interesting year.
It's interesting. We both called each other names that pissed the other off but you still never see seem to know when I was right
Man I was 2 wasted lastnite it was a interesting Nite llz
Argh just finished watchin n gigglin with puppa hes gna sleep now =.= well it was quite interesting haha :B
That was the most interesting conversation ever, but I liked it (x
I had a pretty interesting dream last night, lmao. It was out of control.
A customer just sang me a song about what she would do for crack...it was pretty interesting. Beyond my comprehention though
damn its really the last day of 2011, well it was a very interesting year
Bye bye 2011, it was an interesting year.  And, hello 2012!
2011 was the year of change-downsizing our life into an RV. Not sure what's in store for 2012, but it will be interesting! Happy NYE to all!
Can't believe it's the last day of 2011 already. Time sure does fly. This was an interesting year, I'm excited to see what's ahead.
Well that's football for ya wouldn't b interesting 2 watch if it was all same that's y I luv the premier league anything can happen
Enjoyed The Sense of an Ending, but not sure it was Man-Booker worthy.  Bit of a one-trick pony. An interesting trick mind you, but still.
& 'Walt Disney', da creator of Mickey Mouse, was afraid of mice.. interesting.. i guess he was like fuck it, i'll make money off my phobia..
2011 was an interesting year lots of shit happen but fuck it I learn from it
NYE is here. 2011 was an interesting year. It was pretty awesome. Bring it 2012.
very stranger dream last night but at the same time it was pretty interesting.... So ready for tonight :)
So I went to help my best friend pick out a wig for NYE. It was actually a very interesting and informative experience.
2011 was a  interesting year. A lot of ups & downs, transitions, n changes but i'm truly blessed that I was apart of it.
It was two lame parties when the rival group crashed our party. Then it was interesting and lives were forever changed.
Came back from phili it was interesting
2011 was interesting. I didn't hate it. Bring on 2012! LAST YEAR EVER!
Day 1 of skiing was interesting. It continued to snow all day and the light was very flat.
You kno it may sound boring but researching The Duchess of Devonshire was interesting
You're not interesting. But, your parfume was ;) hahaha!!! Isn't it weird to judge people by their parfume? :/
I've officially joined twitter, I hope it was all worth the wait and would be an interesting journey with this app on my blackberry
It's safe to say 2011 was one of the worst years of my life. Yet, a few parts made it the greatest... it's interesting.
It so happened that the episode I picked was "Look Before You Sleep". This will be interesting
'Well, 2011 was an interesting year. It has aged me considerably...
2 days ago me and ernestine breaud visit east tallassee, al. It was remarkable and interesting...
Friend in France jst got her Xmas present. S'one had unwrapped it thinking it might be s'thing interesting, saw it was a book, sent it on
I met some talented, inspirational, creative, interesting & genuinely good people this year. Want to say "It was a pleasure meeting you...
i'm glad i had a good night last night since i can't go out tonight because of work. it was interesting, to say the very least
Attempting to set up my new tv...getting up off the floor after unpacking it was both interesting & painful!
Rise and shine!!!! It's crazy this is our last Saturday of the year 2011 was a crazy year tho can't complain 2012 should be interesting..
has no reservation calling 2011 the best year of his life so far, if for no other reason than that it was certainly the most interesting.
Idk if that was a drunk voxer message or what... But it was somethin interesting to wake up to lol
Got to say folks, last nights twitter duke box karaoke was a lot of fun...I recommend everyone should try it. The choices were interesting!
2011 is nearly over for me...it was interesting and had a number of surprises. I'm glad it's coming to an end though.
No one ever seems pleased with the old year on New Year's Eve.  It's like an ex that you don't remember caring for.  2011 was "interesting."
When I had an exam my to-do list was huge I had alot in mind now that it's over everythin on it seems less interesting & just dont wna do it
2 days ago me and echo fossey visit washington, dc. It was interesting and engrossing...
“@tovis88 Interesting day yesterday.”> lol I bet it was
2011 was an interesting year. I remember it like it was yesterday.
Spongebob: it was nice knowing ya buddy .Patrick: i know, im an interesting guy
2011 was interesting :) 2012's a big year so let's hope it goes off with a bang !!
Goodbye 2011, those were some pretty average/not that interesting/alright just not great times! all the same it was an enjoyable year.
Got a drunk 'Happy New Year' call from Harrison.... It was interesting haha :p
well that was interesting. or it would've been! if i gave a crap about any alpha kid that is not bro.
Week ago me and dede visit fishers, ny. It was venerable and interesting...
Two weeks ago me and nathanael visit saint louis, mo. It was venerable and interesting...
Work is absolutely dead. Had a really interesting discussion with Martin about society, distribution of wealth an politics. It was nice!
Goodbye 2011 it was an interesting year with you. Not everything was good but not everything was bad either. ^^
It's hard to think what Palin can do to appear interesting now. Her latest reality-show idea was shot down. But maybe she serves a niche mkt
At first it was going to be just a few people over to our house for dinner but now it seems the whole family is coming over, interesting!
That's probably the most interesting conversations we've ever had, and it was about chemistry..
Not sure whether or not I liked 2011, but it was an interesting year for sure. Been blessed I got to do what I did. :)
"your just really weird and slow, but its really interesting, ive never met someone like you, I like it" that was cute but he unhumanized me
Lol interesting dream last night...kinda wish it was real
Lol this night/morning it was interesting w/my new friends
Sorry it turns out there's nothing wrong with your looks now. Because the change was made more interesting and funny. And I admit it
I found ɑ very very interesting blog by accident. And it was very very unexpected. Hmm :/
Today's the last of 2011, even though the time passed as quickly as it arrived this year certainly was an interesting one, to say the least.
Gm 2011..Will say it was an interesting one..Not sad to see u go..Hello 2012..Thank God u r here..#getgoing
Dad had me watch a movie with him, it was pretty interesting (:
Well last day of the yr... It definitely was a long and interesting one.. I'm ready for 2012. Let's get it going!!
I must say, 2011 was an interesting one. Cleaned out my closet, and became friends with some amazing people. But it didn't end so well... :/
Not 4getting all d ppl and events dat made 2011 as interesting and compact as it was. My gratitude, and hearty cheers to u all
Friday's interesting phrase for the day was "anterior zygapophysis"; have fun with it.
2011 was the year we worked our arse off, so 2012 is the year we have 2 films & a tv series coming out. It's going to be an interesting one.
"@PartyGirlAngie_: I wasted an outfit . But Denny's was ......... Interesting to say the least . Lmao" I feel it on the fit. Lol
Its NewYearsEve I jus' wanna say before 2011 ends it was an interesting year  with plenty of ups&downs but thank god we got throught em'!
OH i saw the situation here at my hotel c: it was interesting.
I'm actually gonna miss 2011 a little. It was an interesting year for me.
Couple month ago me and fredric visit menemsha, ma. It was venerable and interesting...
Tonight Was Interesting ' But Over All It Was Good Night
How was your 2011? .First part wasnt good.. No it was good but you know nothing interesting happened ;') .Summer was pretty cool (: But kinda
Sleuth was...... Lmao an interesting story.. lol but it shows how good of an actor Jude Law is.
Just witnessed the inner sanctum of a bronx river project house party... It was interesting and I'm still alive to tell the tale.
What a year 2011 was. It had pretty much everything. Let's hope 2012 is just as interesting. I'm sure it will be. Happy new year everyone.
i can't say 2011 was a happy year. It was just so good and full of all kinds of events, hope 2012 wud be as interesting
Alright, @ first it was a little interesting. Four hours later & he's still not getting it through his head that I dont want to be his gf...
Just finished watching "Faces in the Crowd". It was really interesting! Very confusing but it made me guess all throughout the movie.
2011 was a decent and interesting year, and I think it ended rather well.  Here's to a really good 2012 for everyone
So I saw Scream 4 and it was...interesting? Now I wanna watch the first 3!
Shit dem gunn shots tonight was crazy but shit overall it was a interesting funny night with the crew.. Hahaha chill ass crazy funny session
also had a dream i had twins...it was interesting haha
Wildlife,quiet,&running past a guy roughing it under a bridge made it interesting,thankfully he was smoking so spotted the light b4collision
I wish i was the star of a reality tv show, I have such an interesting life so it would be a hit for sure.
I just finished watching a very interesting movie!!! Straw Dogs!!! It was decent!!!
Just shaved junior's mustache since he was the first to pass out. When he wakes up in the morning, it should be very interesting.
I hope i have that fish dream again..it was interesting.
Anyways ... Tonight. Was ... Interesting.  .May as well be in a relationship by my damn self , thats what it feel like anyways.
3 weeks ago me and lucia vanstee visit davis wharf, va. It was remarkable and interesting...
The last time I actually went out for NYE was in London 2006 - 07. It's going to be interesting...***
Didn't even kno I was watching it but its very interesting!
The first one was gross af! But it was interesting haha
for my gourmet ranch friends when u got that caste u get a free pass i thought it was something interesting but it wasn't that's some crap
Two days ago me and galen beaner visit new fairfield, ct. It was venerable and interesting...
Looking back it was an interesting year, first 2 mth were the worst ever & then the choir arrived! Amazing how things change! Bring on 2012
damn its 4 welp bout 2 go n dis house it was a very interesting day 2day so uuhhhh ill c ya n ah Mi-NUT lls
it has certainly been an interesting year.... how was yours?
And here we are, a day before 2012. I'm glad to say that I enjoyed the year. It certainly was an interesting one.
But it was all interesting ! Went from Truth or Dare too Spin the Bottle too 7 minutes in heavenn ! DF' gosh !
This year has been an interesting 1!!had its highs and lows!!won't say it was a horrible year,I'll say challenging cos that's how life is!!
It was very interesting :)
I've messed with a married woman once, lol it was interesting might I say
About to go to bed....my night was yea....not about to talk about it on here but it was interesting ^.^ lol.
It was interesting though
I thought that was an interesting quote..so it had to get tweeted twice in one 24 hour frame.
The first time I seen "Rise of the planets of the apes" I was high & it seem more interesting, I was dead focused into the movie lol
Isn't it interesting when you realise something you didn't think was there, has been the whole time? Apparently, I HAVE been dating... Sorry
Can't explain how interesting it is just watching the new fish, nemo and soap are way more lively than kerry ever was!!
kinda random, but i thought it was interesting lol continue
And soo much in between ! It was an interesting night ..
Well, this was an interesting night. Thank you SJPD for providing it to me.
Although it was interesting hearing the poor level of music on there from me.
it was infinitely more interesting to figure out why would you suspend your self from metal hooks than to read about voting trends
How is your twitter not interesting.  .It was fucking Gold a few minutes ago
Couple month ago me and eulalia visit gervais, or. It was interesting and engrossing...
2011 was interesting bt predictable, everything tht happened I saw cming &nd I aint fcked up a/b it, the team still on, lol
Saw a trailer for a movie that looked interesting. Then I saw it was made by M. .Night Shyamalan & thought "never mind."
I'm not gunna lie 2011 was a pretty interesting year, I don't regret shit from it :D
uwaaa! it is -officially- the last day of 2011 ._. ... it was an interesting year; had it's ups and downs... I hope for the best in 2012! :3
Welll, 2011 was pretty....eh...interesting. It def. Had extreme ups and downs. And people sure did show their true colors this yr.#realtalk
No I was not baracha, No it was ALL in good humor. Still cannot get a serious face. Oh my GA people watching is SO interesting. At 2nd place
Was able to see the ABC7 New Room 2day. It was an interesting experience. Hopefully one day I can land an internship or a job there
2011 was actually an interesting year. It revealed some true and fake friends. I learnt and accomplished things too. It was a good year TBH
Tonight was interesting and short lol niggas do crazy shit when drunk aha that's why I don't do it
Is almost the end of this year. I cant put into a balance the bad or the good things that happened to me on11 but it was an interesting year
Hate when I forget what I was about to say , & I swore it was something interesting
i find it so interesting that last year when it was 50 degrees outside, my father refused to turn on the heat
1st time at Solas 2nite n it was uhmmmm... Interesting. Lol. A lil different bt nt bad. Ready fa 2nite cnt wait 2 c hw da Hilton gn turn out
It was quite interesting going out tonight! folklore everywhere... :/
I rem when I use to narrate(duno if dats how u spell it) my life in third person all the time, it was so interesting
One more year is coming to an end, time to assess how it was, to me quite interesting and different like many others....
"@toriallen07: Girl with the dragon tattoo.. I don't exactly recommend, but it was interesting."ha that movie was crazyyy!
Had Indian food for the first time tonight. It was... Interesting to say the least
5 days ago me and miquel cuthbertson visit wauseon, oh. It was interesting and engrossing...
that was a horrible night.  it'd be interesting to know how much sleep I got. today's plans shopping for ginger ale.
"The Hangover" was very interesting movie. It was foolish, but I still thought it was nice. However It's not very popular in Japan.
2011 was a very surprising and interesting year with many ups & downs...but overall it was a great year :D hope 2012 can beat it
Interesting fact just started working on my 2h skill after beating skyrim went to change the difficulty to master and it was already on oops
I was going to mention that. Is it that...time of the month? Because if it is we could do some interesting things.
It was an interesting last day of 2011- I worked all day, handed in my letter of resignation which in turn ended up with my manager in tears
Insidious was creepy, not scary. Interesting not terrifying. Over all it was relatively decent.
The article i just read was very... Interesting. I'm actually i'm glad i randomly came across it.
Girl with the dragon tattoo.. I don't exactly recommend, but it was interesting.
Season 4 of 'Breaking Bad' was interesting, to say the least. Aside from the cheesy moment in the finale, I was pretty damn floored by it.
just watched 'Cowboys and Aliens' with the fam...it was definitely interesting
We got snow AND frozen rain overnight, so the car was caked in an interesting/tough layer.  Gave up an hr later; moved it inside the garage.
Yamanomachi was good.. not as visually interesting as Minotani but everyone was friendly & it was cool :) now time to start celebrating NYE!
To keep it real, 2011 was kinda of interesting & fun, i met hella new ppl
It was an interesting 1st day on Twitter , lol but its timee to take it down for the night . Night everyonee :) !
This should be interesting especially since it was orange and I still put it on my head lo
Well 2011 was a interesting ass year Lool, wouldn't want to repeat it though, May 2012 be a better year inshallah khayr
It was interesting cleaning a gun with my dad and brother in law
At 1st this movie was confusing and boring, then I got super into it and it got interesting. Me gusta.
It's also making me even more charitable than I already was. Neither are bad things, just... interesting to note.
I rarely rt my horoscope but I thought it was interesting so read up ppl
I had quite an interesting dream last night... All I can say is that I managed to remember it, thus it was quite entertaining.
Today's roadtrip was interesting... Lol. It pissed me off when we got lost for hours after we decided to go home. But thanks to moi,
6 days ago me and octavio lucek visit carroll, ne. It was venerable and interesting...
I always thought this movie was boring as a child. Now, I find it quite interesting (:
Eric was probably the most interesting character in Power Rangers. Hated how he was never part of the team. But I appreciate it now.
Was really interested for a moment by American Idiot the musical but it's not $62-for-cheap-seats interesting.
Give me a fact about yourself, and even if its not interesting I'm gonna remember it, it was obviously important enough for you to say it.
2011 was a really interesting year for me. it was the year when i truly fell in love with a guy for the first time.
Month ago me and anneliese visit windsor, nj. It was remarkable and interesting...
I went shoppin with a guy today.....it was very interesting.
3 weeks ago me and berry beshara visit capitol heights, md. It was remarkable and interesting...
2011 was......hmm I don't even have words for it lol it was interesting. A lot of good and a lot of bad.
it was an interesting one too
Last night I seen someone kinda trip TF out on Salvia. Shit was interesting. Didn't know it could even happen.
it was a museum!! the Museum of Sex! it was actually really interesting!
It was an interesting evening
Da bulls did dey thing 2nite, game was interesting & I loved it!!! :-) I was too hype
2011 was...interesting for me. It had its way ups and way downs. But overall, I'm happy with 2011 and excited as fuck for 2012
Whoa! Not a surprise ending to a JT fight..smh at least it was at a hotel/casino more interesting things going on. Glad it wasnt on ppv.
Just watched the inbetweeners movie. It was....interesting lol
went on a date it was interesting
Well, it has definately been an interesting day. I knew something wierd was going to happen&definately still dont know how i feel about it.
Can't believe how fast 2011 went by. It was an interesting year with some bad stuff, but over all it was a completely AMAZING year(: ♥
Martha Marcy May Marlene was interesting. It was haunting, and beautifully shot. I'm not sure whether I liked it though.
Happy New Year's Eve! Last day of 2011. It was truly an interesting year! Cannot wait to see what 2012 has in store for all of us. :)
The movie Source Code was actually a lot more interesting than I expected. It's like a twilight zone episode, with an opposite ending.
Wow. That was a short lived career. Bye bye Brock...it was....interesting.
This was an...... interesting year. Had a lot of ups and downs, I made it though, almost.
Played kings cup with my aunt mom siblings cousins and my grandma. Have to say it was interesting...
2011 was interesting. 2010 was better for me but 2k12 s gone be awesome...I can feel it.
Nearly over☺ 2011 was a interesting year for me I'm glad to put it behind me tho.  look forward to 2012 rock on to another eventful year
2011 was a very fast interesting year.... But i learned alot. & im glad god gave me the chance to live through it.
In article from XDA titled 'Looking back at 2011' it was interesting to note that the opening feature related to the popularity of HTC HD2
Had a interesting night! But it was fun I must say I enjoy myself!
That movie was interesting. I thought it was kinda scary doe.
Wow it was an interesting movie and I sat thru the whole thing lol next: how too loose a guy in 10 days!
Two days ago me and vaughn shusterman visit alta, ca. It was interesting and engrossing...
3 days ago me and verlene deimund visit barranquitas, pr. It was interesting and engrossing...
Reflecting over this year. Mannnnnn it was an interesting one...
It was an interesting 2011. Lots of accomplishments accompanied by many hardships. Tomorrow I'll be bowling & rollerblading with my dad. :)
tonight turned outw*9659(that was kellI) it turned out interesting.....i knew i liked kelli for a reason
It was interesting, at least on the rare occasions that Shatner let his interviewees speak. Poignant. But I think Avery Brooks was high.
2011...was interesting. Not bad....just interesting.  2012 though I would like to knock it out of the ballpark...
Me an isaac went to the king tut exhibit, it was interesting
I was a little rushed with the amalgamation of that list, but it was so much fun.  I'll make it a little more interesting later.
I wish my life was a movie. I feel like it would be so interesting.
It was interesting to watch the other towns progress and bother one another. Still hard to beat though.
5 days ago me and mickey visit amesbury, ma. It was venerable and interesting...
Although, I did spend the last two days watching the first season of American Horror Story. It was pretty interesting.
My 2011 was interesting. I wont forget it .
The last book I read in 2011 is The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman such a interesting book it was. :D
It's interesting to see how electronic music was in 2001 - So many classics like Kosheen's 'Hide U' and 'Finally' by Kings of Tomorrow.
Why wasn't The Artist in 3D? Would've made it tons more interesting. Cos it was the boring.
Just watched the first episode of BBC's Sherlock finally. It was incredibly interesting. Looking forward to the rest of the episodes.
that awkward moment when you begin to tell a story & realize its really not as interesting as it was in your head !
"@mhm_imLalax3: this year was INTERESTING !" It really was Sissyyyy!!
Clone Wars was interesting bc it really was just a long TV episode, but it made it to theaters.
KBS GD was good! Felt like I was at a concert & kept dancing & singing altough SBS put more money into their show so it was more interesting
Well, that was really an interesting attachment sent to the CA racing email list (confused about being on it, but oh the daily drama...)
It was really interesting tho.. But it was way too deep for my liking.
Just seen the preview for Chronicle. I thought it was a joke at first but it looks kinda interesting
2011 was one of the most boring years of my life. but towards the end it stated getting interesting so im guessing 2012 is gonna be great!
basically I love how in AT this bizzare world was once a full civilization and now it's started over but with a more interesting start
so work was interesting but i handled it the thug way
last dae of this year... It was a quite interesting and tense year. Did many many good deeds, and failed to do many more.
Hm. Some interesting .textClippings: "It's not enough to make good choices. You also have to know your choice was a good one." —Jan 23, 2008
The kwanza celebration was very interesting ! I enjoyed it.
not dat it ever was interesting lol
Saw girl with the dragon tattoo. It was good but interesting
2011 was great and all and I enjoyed it but it's time for 2012 where things actually get interesting and fun lets party!
so it WAS you who wrote that comment. interesting.
Month ago me and sherly dingus visit cambridge, ma. It was remarkable and interesting...
it was a very interesting year to say the least
Wouldn't it be cool if life was like sims? Like someone's controlling us like that. Its an interesting thought.
i was watching some episodes of "Lie To Me", it's a pretty interesting show, i think.
last few seconds of the game was good! Good game. Kept it interesting.
Watched Midnight in Paris tonight. It was a cute movie, kinda slow, but an interesting story!
Last night and today was...interesting. I really didn't miss that city. But anyway, it's over now and I got paid.
it's always interesting running into fellow writers who already know me and they ask how's the writing going... 2011 was a drought for me
No Lie 2011 was interesting AF...SMH ....2012... I  can't to see what it awaits;-)
Ate Chinese food tonite.  Interesting that it was not "made in China."
It was quite interesting.. Though she think men are blood thirsty wolves and woman are prey
5 days ago me and roseanne mackin visit macksville, ks. It was remarkable and interesting...
The last turnover and missed FT was just Rubio making it interesting so he can make the game winning no look assist to himself
2011 was interesting but challenging. Cycle missions, creative projects, heartbreak & health issues. 2012, I'm ready for you. BRING IT ON.
My 2011 was actually alot more interesting than it seems. I just can't be bothered lmao
“@OMGFactsSex: A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.”. This was just interesting I had to retweet it.
Couple month ago me and marshall delmundo visit melrose, ia. It was remarkable and interesting...
Had an interesting book signing today. It went well, but I was surprised that 3 other writers stopped by. All were interesting & supportive!
But yeah... Bioshock 2 is seriously weird. Once I kinda understood the backstory it was actually rly interesting tho o__O GNIGHT.
and that was 2011 in review. i don't even care if no one read it. it was interesting for me.
“@OMGFactsSex: A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.” what? I thought it was interesting!
It was interesting to not have my phone for a day. I've grown more attached to my new one then I thought I have.
my day was straight , it wasn't all that interesting .
i just watched and hour documentary on planet earth. It was really so interesting on how it went into detail on everything.
Apollo 18 was an interesting movie, I'd believe it was true, except I believe the moon landing was a hoax, therefore apollo 18 is ridiculous
A story is going to be interesting when it starts with is "I was home alone at night and I heard a freaky noise so I grabbed a bat..."
I saw this interesting story on tv today .. It was about Kris and Kim's 72 day marriage.
Awwww I love my Nita n Tiff. It was a very interesting night hahaha
ok but for real.....can herman cain come back n 2012....he was really interesting and great material to laugh at....it all happened to soon
Got my first 'male masseur' massage. It was interesting.
Saw a pretty interesting movie today.  The advertisement said it was like Sherlock Holmes meets Crounching Tiger Hidden Dragon.
all of this!!!!->“@Th3YaLLnVm3: I didn't know someone was stalking my timeline. I would've made it more interesting.”
that was.. truly interesting. lol. i do like that song tho.. *goes to download it*
Hey did you know Marvin's Room is a movie!? I have no idea if it has any connection to the song but I thought that was interesting.
My Anthropology class was only interesting when it came to race. Race is just a social construct...if eliminated we would be better for it
I wish there was a part on twitter where you could see all the tweets of yours people have tweeted, it would be interesting.
For the first time I watched Jersey Shore & dude, it was actually quite interesting! :P
The scene with Karras and the detective made me want to kill myself; it was so long, indulgent, served nothing, and wasn't even interesting.
So... last day of the year, isn't it? Have to mention that 2011 was an interesting year of unexpected success, as well as a turning point.
What an interesting day it was today .
LOL my nana called me and she dosent know any english so...it was an interesting phone call :p but I love her so much.<3
happy birthday Voldemort!!!! you truly made the story even more interesting than it already was :) happy birthday
I didn't know someone was stalking my timeline. I would've made it more interesting.
Ok. I'll find out in abt 40mins & let u kno "@KammyKamzz: malihenry jus watched it this week. Kinda end weird but it was interesting"
Thinking about what an interesting year 2011 was. It was a year full of twists and turns. But, in the end, it finished up very well. You?
anemone_pirate I did! It was super interesting! Have always been curious to what it looked like from
Just take a tour at the Winchester Mystery House in San Jose! It was pretty interesting (: I wish I had a BIG house like that /: Off to SF!
You know it was an interesting night when you end up sleeping in your friends closet
Or maybe its the Goose....smh. Told ya'll it was gonna be interesting :)
Month ago me and evan sailer visit san bernardino, ca. It was interesting and engrossing...
Just ate something called "christmas pudding." It wasn't bad, but it was interesting
2 weeks ago me and rafaela visit barronett, wi. It was remarkable and interesting...
Wish my life in dreams was real even if its a bad dream, at least it would be more interesting
ok, I'll go to sleep now. Last sleep this year hehehe. It was interesting year, nevertheless. I'll post more tomorrow maybe... X)
"We Need to Talk about Kevin" was weird but interesting, I liked it
Also: I learned what people mean when they say the room is spinning. It really did seem like it was spinning. Oddly interesting.
Last day of the year...what an interesting year it was...farewell 2011...gonna miss you
Month ago me and alva visit center cross, va. It was venerable and interesting...
Tonight met interesting people.. It was an awesome night guys..
just had like the best sushi  ever and it came in a boat xD and i went to a bar which was quite interesting with my "parents" :3 sushi <3!
SO now the story becomes interesting. Did she cut her hair in July?  Or was it February?  It couldn't have been both times I don't think.
«@WhoBeNiecey No regrets for 2011, it was..interesting to say the least.»
No regrets for 2011, it was..interesting to say the least.
I enjoyed this english project way too much. Not enjoy like omg this was such a great time! But it was so interesting...
The suit was unsuccessful (the judge decided the Catholic church has the right to be as skeazy as it wants), but yielded interesting things
Today was the most fun with Skyward Sword I've had! It did something really interesting structurally which I've never seen in a Zelda game.
The most interesting thing I did 2day was clean my toilet with a brush with a mini brush on it 2 clean under the rim. Being old sucks.
the curious case of benjamin button was boringg in the beginning but it  got more interesting towards the end!
Just saw the supercharger thing from KFC on tv, what an interesting meal it was...
I would be done if it was actually interesting
Also I've hear more foreign language than English this weekend it was interesting. It's a pretty long list of the ones I could recogonize
Jamaal vs. Whitney tweef wasn't that special, it was the end result that really was interesting.
Tasted Calamari 2night it was interesting but yea not 4 me
Thank's for all the mylife!2011 was interesting year for me!always remember it! See in new year!
2 days ago me and vaughn ludecke visit atascadero, ca. It was interesting and engrossing...
Lt that was interesting. . Ion know if it really looks like a tear drop thou
I got excited thinking someone interesting started talking to me on Facebook but it was only someone from Bali :-(
I had some really interesting childhood stories. Lol I remember them like it was yesterday
Movie date night with my mummy tonight!!! For the first time ever, it was her idea.. This should be interesting. I'm excited, yet shocked...
went to the pittin mansion 2day with my gram nd gramps nd bff Alishia,it was so cool nd interesting!I want to go again:)
Just read an article about Native Americans in South Dakota, in relation to foster care in the state. It was interesting.
Congrats to everyone who participated in the Wintersday Singing Competition...it was interesting finalizing the winners..very hard to do!
wishes my life was nearly as interesting as all the rumors make it out to be...
Now that I think about it, 2011 was pretty interesting.
It was an interesting night last night....let's see what happens tonight!!!
this year was interesting but mostly shit it jst gt me hating a lot of people it open my eyes though made me realise who my real frens are
There was a dj at work today and he played wobble... Bye bye bye, and oops I did it again... Very interesting day to say the least
If this thunder and lightning storm was happening NEXT December, oh say the 21st, it would be REALLY interesting!
Just watched Transsiberian after not long finishing reading Aleph. It was interesting to see the train line after imagining it...
Did a sister day w| my little sister I just met. It was interesting.
I didn't know Mahira was a singer! Crazayy. It would've been interesting if she sang the title song...QB has a really good voice though
Made a list of the top 10 girls I would date, assuming they were all single lol, it was interesting to think about
AW- "I only bring back special players" Take it he didn't think Vieira was in that category then. Interesting.
I read this fic a while back which had something to do with Ryan dying cuz of crazy Dr. Urie. yea, it was SUCH an interesting(?) fic.
3 days ago me and federico solich visit rudolph, wi. It was venerable and interesting...
Quite interesting with TMZ's comment count versus number of times the story link was tweeted. Not a linear relationship by the looks of it.
I wish there was a zombie apocolypse :\ it would make life sooo much more interesting :P
It wouldn't be interesting, but I could brag about it and claim it was made by a fan
Happy New years eve everyone!:) 2011 was quiet an interesting year but it was still good and fun but I want 2012 to be even BETTER!:)
immm so glad twitter was invented, i find it soo much more interesting than facebook... Twitter > Facebook
Does anybody know who W. Epaminondas Adrastus Blab was? It is quite interesting what he wrote. Just a little history trivia?
Ugh, well that was an interesting morning. Of course I brought it on myself for being an idiot.
Was at redbox and got Atlas Shrugged cause it looked interesting....it good?
Why does every guy say "Bet you can't beat me at golf" or "Teach me how to golf"? Didn't know it was so interesting, lol.
Just watched "The Flight of the Red Balloon" on Sundance. That was interesting. It's a Taiwanese film in French..
Kitaoka said something that was very interesting, that both will be damaged, that it will be a war. He is coming for blood in this fight.
I must say 2011 has been an interesting year. I can't say it was bad or good.
This should be very interesting I was OK with it a first but nowwwwww idk
I haven't really found Family Guy to be as interesting to me as it was since the 3rd season.  Maybe because Seth McFarlane is Atheist.
Just got done with a photoshoot it was amazing I see why these girls paid , but major connect n next year will be interesting
Watching dirty dancing and I'm suprised it has such an interesting story line...I thought it was jus gonna be step up back in the day lol
Two days ago me and rob visit petersburg, oh. It was interesting and engrossing...
Watched the Sarah Palin documentary 'you betcha' and it was so interesting! She's such a sociopath.
Interesting - I received an email this morning telling me my WH Smith e-book account was now Kobo, and this pm saying it is now Uncuva.
Picked up a book today and started reading .It was so weird I found it kinda interesting an then my iPod went off and I kept reading...
I think everyone should read 'Stolen' by Lucy Christopher. It was so different but so interesting! Made me so emotional at the end! Amazing.
--lmao, today was (umm, whats the word?) ..INTERESTING! (yeah, thats it)
I found it interesting that the article said it was OK to DRINK brain-eating amoeba-infested tap water, just don't put it up your nose...
3 weeks ago me and nolan fleckenstein visit whitfield, ms. It was remarkable and interesting...
My best friend took me to try sushi for the first time EVER today. It was... interesting.
interesting, i can see how it influenced the Disney version, and Anthony Hopkins was really quite sweet in it
After shopping, saw a psychic. It was very interesting. I definitely took something away from it.
I was about to google something. Crap! What was I about to google? It was something important or very interesting.
That tweet was quite interesting what I just read because it is so true....
Watching Love & Hip Hop and isn't it interesting how 1. Chrissy was the one to approach Jim first and 2. Her Aunt proposed to her husband
just watched the inbetweeners film with my parents. It was an interesting experience
Just saw Final destination 5! it was kinda shit, but interesting end.. Didnt see that one coming
Almost finished with my picture, it’s not quite what I was originally hoping for, but still looks super interesting. So excited!
Now that you are engaged to a girl living in Yemen, let me tell you an interesting story of your life - It was seventeen years ago.
What an interesting year it was
i like that show , i didn't know i was pregnant ... it's interesting & CRAZY .
It was an interesting trip down memory lane though.
How many pregnancy tests did u buy? RT@Kateloon: Last night was interesting.... glad it happened but still taking precuation!
This day was such an interesting one.. Thank you Jesus it's almost over.. 
Girl with the Dragon tattoo was definitely interesting to say the least...would never watch it with my father
Last night was interesting.... glad it happened but still taking precuation!
Well that was interesting, I want to do it again
Just lost 2 followers. Sorry, I did not mean Classical was for boring people! Hey, interesting people play it, I was just joking guys :)
Month ago me and julio studmire visit easton, mo. It was interesting and engrossing...
Chess would be more interesting if it was something else.
One more day to go then day off. Jesus its like ground hog day. If only it was an interesting day that kept repeating, instead of a shite 1
I went to the mall, just like Robin Sparkle. It was interesting. Why are there two Just Sports at washington square?
Just watched Super 8... It was.. Interesting haha! X
I had a dream about Drake & that Doll girl last night...lol it was.....weird yet interesting. Nic was in it too....
Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was great, really liked it! 10-year high school reunion is tonight, should be interesting!
Interesting. Pretty sure this driver is hammered since it was supposed to be his day off
just watched despicable me... it was interesting haha, but it was funny :)
Reading my old tweets... It's actually pretty interesting.. If only I was still like that!! :(
The most interesting gift I received this Christmas? A radio that can be used in the shower, batteries not included (it was a Secret Santa).
RT"@tasha_cullen: "@valsyl: Is Nikita still interesting?" Was it ever?"
I almost just took the pill that was used to sedate MegaKitty by accident. That would have made it an interesting night.
I have only eaten once everyday. And it was at like 7pm everyday and i just pigged out everyday at the end of the day...yep im interesting.
So I snapped my nail half way down, and ripped my leggings at richards.. It was er well interesting
"@valsyl: Is Nikita still interesting?" Was it ever?
2011 was an interesting year full of interesting challenges....so looking forward to 2012 - bring it on!! Happy new year to all our friends!
at least it was a very interesting experience.
It will be interesting to see if people are who they say they are in 2012 hope 2011 was the final year of fake.
The BBC's Three Men Go to New England programme exceeded my expectations plus it was really interesting to watch.
in 2011 it's was CRAZY, FUN, STUPID, BORING,  A NEW DISCOVER, INTERESTING & WONDERFUL
Tyra Banks talk show was so interesting. It inspired girls everywhere.
Tsunami caught on camera... At last something interesting on TV.. Yesterday's Tsunami how it happened was brilliant too
One of my tweets has disappeared, along with a picture. WHY?! Not that it was remotely important or interesting like. Still, that's not on!
Two days ago me and evan sea visit cookson, ok. It was remarkable and interesting...
It would be interesting to see if the second 911 call on Oct 25th was the "Mayor Rob Fucking Ford" call, & not the earlier "22 Minutes" one.
That was interesting while it lasted (: * round of applause * ^__^
If someone was willing to take me to a hockey game, I would so go. It looks so interesting
The moment when i reliase the most interesting thin iv'e heard all day was that harry pasted is drving it!..... my life is crapppp
So minus our douche bag instructor, snowboarding was certainly interesting. I'll probably do it again. That was rough.
“@Hollywood_Barb: criminal intent, i just cannot get down w. you homie. its svu!!! <if benson n stradler was on there it wud b interesting
I'm glad she's getting out! I was tryna do it myself, but I guess da new dude is a lil quicker & better. Tonight should be interesting. Ijs.
This was a very interesting year ! I am so thankful for everything that I went through , the good & the bad , because it helped me GROW.
Uhmmm 2011 was a very interesting year but I fuxx with it
Was told yesterday that my tweets were not interesting. Fair enough.. I know that myself. It's all about the pics anyway isn't it fellas?
Last night was interesting .. Well , it was more this morning ..
I guess the show is over. It was almost as interesting as the woman who spun in a circle for 15 mins.
just another day but , it was interesting
It was interesting to see even the devoted Manzos get frustrated with Teresa and her pointless bellowing
Y'all keep twitter interesting. Yesterday it was child support, today it's $200 dates and engagement rings. Lol
You just can't beat natural..it was quite an interesting sight..the way the girl put her weave brush away it was quite funny lol
Took nook and shonna were there it was and interesting dream... 
Just did something I have never done before. It was um.............interesting to say the least
just finished the "Eyes" performance and it was...interesting LOL the choreography was very different than usual 2PM stuff...
End of chapter 45! This chapter was just a filler so nothing interesting really happened but I'd still love it if u gave me your opinion :)
Trying to hold it shut whilst strapped tightly to your seat was certainly interesting
Bit of an an anti-climax there.  Anderson was piss poor...it happens.  Whitlock v Hamilton should be good. Be interesting to see the prices.
3 weeks ago me and vicente visit des moines, ia. It was venerable and interesting...
Was told I should change my bio(wrote it on a VERY low day so a l'il negative)... I got nothin. Can't think of anything interesting :(
My 2011 was....uh, interesting. But I can honestly say that it was a learning experience and I am now a stronger person.
This nanoparticles shit is boring me:| it's why I'm getting distracted. If only science was interesting.
2011 was an interesting year... I had some great times and memories, but it also was the hardest year of my life.
"It was only for the sex in words or lack of sex that made it interesting."
oooh, i just said fab. it was such an interesting experience.
The ending of assassin creed revelations was interesting. Another game or something will as they left it on cliff hanger love the series!
We had sex talk lmao ! It was interesting
I thought if you hated something you would be argued, but saying it was interesting and people that love the show are telling me off...
Read a love story,in the form of tweets,it was interesting but 2 be honests I skimmed through it since it was very slow,but it was creative
2011 was and still is a very interesting year, shit happened that you would have never thought it would happen
Listening to old recordings of myself is so interesting...it's interesting to c where I was artistically
Well Breaking Dawn was interesting. Every time I see a Twilight movie it reminds me how crappy the movies are compared to the books!
Lastnite was interesting, wasnt nowhere near buzzed, I guess it wasnt meant to be
UFC 141 would be more interesting if it was Kurt Busch vs. Roger Penske holding me...
2011 was an interesting year I learned a lot and reality kicked my ass ! ....but I'm here now and 2012 is ...well it's here !
Wtaching the first season of Jersey Shore, back then when it was interesting.
interesting day....cleaning room when dad breaks my wardrobe! LOL i was in hysterics  dad goes i meant to that now it looks much better! :D
I don't even find American Horror Story scary, it's just so interesting. I was watching it at 11pm on my own last night lol
2011 was kind of a crazy year. A lot of memories, and a lot of ups and downs. Met new people, lost some friends. It was an interesting year.
I thought 2k11 was going to be my year, can't say it wasn't interesting though
That physics problem I was talking about last night actually makes the flight mechanics more interesting... I'm calling it a feature!
Just got out of white christmas! It was amazing I wanna be up there :( x
Unbelievable. Today is the last day of 2011. It was an amazing year.
Just had the best nap, on the best couch, under the best comforter, with the best person... In other words it was amazing...
The Giant Bomb GOTY stuff was amazing, all of it.
well not amazing, but i thought it was pretty decent #:)
Happy New Year from Guam!!!! 2011 was an amazing year but I have a feeling 2012 will top it!
Can't believe 2011 is almost over... What an amazing rollercoaster it was! Can't wait to see what 2012 has planned for me :)
Lots of people are hating on 2011. I thought it was a great year. I def had more happy memories than bad ones. Made some amazing new friends
It's amazing how fast a year can go by, i can remember this time last year like it was yesterday and it's already been a year :/
Thank you all for your support in 2011, it was truly an amazing first year! Happy new year and less painful hangover for tomorrow!
Well I so wish I had been to see Phantom at RAH. Just watched dvd and it was amazing!
Its almost the First minute of 2012 in the Philippines..Wish I was there 2celebrate it with d most amazing friends 2have n d world..;)
I haven't slept until 10:30am in a very long time. It was amazing.
2011 - i'm ran 21KM half Marathon ! Its was amazing! I can do it we can do it.
Colombiana was amazing <3 I give it 5 stars
What an amazing 2011 it was, wishing you all a wonderful, blessed and prosperous 2012!! Cheers to a Happy New Year!!
Amazing how some united fans miss the point completely. Bad decisions costs us. De Geas being one. It was ridiculously one sided in the main
No 5 - PROTESTS IN TUNISIA, it was amazing to watch a country overthrow its government  without having to resort to violence.
I'm a very very lucky girl spending nye in Sydney. It was absolutely amazing :) xxxxxxxxx living the dream xxxxxxxx
I realize I'm back in the South. North Carolina!!!! Just ate a big fat juicy greasy burger!!! & it was AMAZING!
Whoever it was who suddenly played ABBA at full blast in the supermarket? You're amazing.
Just finished reading The Hunger Games. I only started it yesterday! It was absolutely amazing, I need to read the next two books!
2011 changed me SO much.  It taught me a lot about myself that I really needed to figure out. It was amazing though! Bring it 2012.
I got a tummy rub last night tho it was amazing!
just finished the amazing lemon cake my nan made me for christmas, it was so great, thank you nana millard!
just made Sas's card, it was meant to be an amazing moonpig one but they're not working so its hand made, quite cute :)
2012 is another year for You, Lord! Thanks for 2011. It was amazing, swear!
I beat the shit out of the girl I hate so much lol like it was amazing.
Friends with benefits was amazing now on to hangover prt 2 I'll let ya know how it is!
Subject we laughed got serious even started talkin about the future!! It was AMAZING:; the things dat was said jux BLEW ME AWAYYYY!!
It was also tragic, we lost an amazing talented saxophone player, and a beloved monster, Jamey Rodemeyer.
Not going to lie and say 2011 was amazing like everyone else is, because it was the worst year of my life.
Well wrapping up 2011 it was a hard year bit god has already. Showed me my rewward 2012 thank god u are truley amazing
Good morning! I can't believe it's the last day of 2011! It was an amazing year :)
I'm so thankful for every single thing that 2011 gave to me. It was an amazing year!!! ;)
There was actually a nightclub in Riyadh bl brr. it was 7 meters underground with alcohol and shit. they say it was amazing. but engf6u
Last night was amazing. Despite being sick all morning I proper loved it
Was jamming to CSWS while showering & now jamming to it while on my way to work. It has put me in an amazing mood :)
I don't think I'll be sad to see 2011 be over tonight. It was a bipolar year, amazing highs, horrible lows, not a lot in between.
Just got round to watching Great Expectattions, it was amazing and Douglas Booth is hot!!
2011 was a bittersweet year. I gave birth to the best part of my life. I conquered my enemies. Amazing year I'd say,2012 bring it on!
My dream was amazing last night, oh please baby, make it come true ♥
Had a dream that I met Florence Welch I was crying so much that my whole face swellled up and i could hardly talk. IT WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you to all the amazing couples of 2011 it was my pleasure getting to know each and every one of you!
It was amazing. I can be with them for more than 3 years. They were amazing \m/
Ready 4 the amazing things in store for 2012. It will be awesome! '12 is the best # ever. It was my HS & College soccer # -@DwightHoward
Soo.....2010 was the shit!!! I thought 2011 would be better and it suckked!!! So I'm expecting 2012 to be amazing!!!!!
It is officially 2012 in Japan! 2011 was an amazing year and I am very excited for what 2012 is going to bring! Happy New Year!!
Goodbye 2011. Though this year was full of lots of drama there was yet alot of amazing celebration!  it was a rollercoaster imma miss ya!
Managed to get a good few hours sleep last night. Had the most amazing dream, even though it was scary lol. Made me all giddy when I woke up
Omg I just wish I was in the DH fight scene it looks like it would of be fucking amazing to be part of:{
2011 was challenging year. but it was fun. thank you guys & i hope 2012 is gonna be amazing year. ⍢⃞ ⍥⃞ ⍤⃞ ⍨⃞ ⍩⃞ love all my friends!!! xo
Every one listen up go on YouTube and type in Maria Aragon singing Born This Way by Lady Gaga its amazing I love it. It was spot on
Happy Birthday!! Hope it was an amazing one! You deserve it!
2011 was an amazing year for both of my kids but 2012 looks like it could be even better! Looking forward to it!
Finished lavender morning :) it was so amazing :)
Kinda bummed I didn't get to see rusko last night. Heard it was amazing :/
2O11 was amazing <3 gonna miss it
I don't think anything will be better than last year's new years eve. Times Square in NYC was amazing...wish I could do it all again.
2011 was horrible for stealing my closest friend and my gran, but it was fucking amazing.
I remember this time last year it was NYE yah kna... Amazing...
2011 has been amazing for Glee! They went to Nationals, Finchel and Klaine did it. And so much more!! Everything was just perfect!
Well, what a great 24 hours.... Got married yesterday and it was amazing. 2011 has been very good to me.... Hope 2012 will be half as good!
Sending out big NYE love to you all. 2011 was so good to me and l'm sad to see it go. Take care tonight folks & have   an amazing time! :)
2011 was amazing. Thank you all so much for making it an unbelievable year.
I was watching 5 parts of videos: making of the year witr one direction...It´s amazing life story!!!
It was a horrible year & there where only 4 days that I felt So Amazing.. Those days are 1/1/11, 11/7/11& 4 weeks ago & a few days ago!(C)
2011 was a year full of memories for me, everyone else said they hated 2011.. Yeah it wasn't the best, but I met amazing people.
If it wasn't for 'Naturally', Sel's amazing music career wouldn't have started the glamorous way it did ♥ it was success in disguise.
I'm gonna miss 2011. It was an amazing and a dramatic year (: <3
Ariana Made Our Year, it's obvious that she did, her new songs, her first ever concert, was amazing & she is getting more & more fans! ♥
The movie "new years eve" was amazing Lea Michele did a beautiful job you guys should all go see it :)
it was amazing, i was just flying everywhere9OOVod
Just watched Twins for first time since I was a kid. It's amazing what was believable in the 80s. Hope Junior is on next
2011... mmm I don't know if it was a good year or a bad. I mean, there were amazing times but also some horrible times :$
So many words that can describe last night, but I think we'll stick to "it was freakin amazing!!" haha
OMG the fireworks in Sydney were amazing but not sure it was worth the crazy crowds!  Lordy!  I'm excited for 2012 though.  Happy new Year!
I miss new york bloody amazing holiday it was
Thanks friends for coming last night for my 35th birthday. It was an amazing night. Happy new year!!!! Love all the pressies
If 2012 would be half amazing as 2011 was, it's gonna be a really good one! Happy New Year everyone!
I was in Waterstones and I saw the most amazing book ever. Rock Connections. It shows how bands/artists are all influenced and connected.
1D_GETINMYPANTS how cheeky was our chat? Glad you had a good time! It was amazing xxxxx4Zi7
Good Morning Twitter (: Dream Was Amazing , Too Bad It Couldn't Come True :(
2011 was certainly a eventful. I'm grateful that I got to spend it with amazing people doing amazing things. So here's to an exciting 2012!
Even though U-KISS had their problems they did well with "Neverland"-that was AMAZING!!! :D keep it up boys! :)
Reflecting on 2011 and it was an amazing year thanks to wonderful family, friends and amazing clients.
Lea Michele was amazing in the movie "new years eve" I think you guys should all go watch it. :)
I thought that was it for us with Liverpool and Man Utd but a draw and win is amazing for us!!!
What an amazing holiday it was to see all of your beauties in my creations:)  Hope u all have a wonderful journey in this upcoming new year!
The start of 2011 was amazing for me, it just kinda got boring...
It is the last day of 2011...It was an amazing but, I am so ready to welcome 2012..
It was SO amazing I feel like I'm a different person.
Am I the only 1 that didn't have a bad year? 2011 was amazing. Why is everyone so excited for it to be over?
Hey all I have finished my first exam today yaay it was amazing thanks all for ur wishes and prayers
Can't say weather 2011 has been good or bad,some parts were amazing and others were shit,wouldn't say it was the best but hello 2012!
Had a trippy dream where I was floating in space on my bed photographing the sky lol it was so amazing I knew I must be dreaming.#Inception?
2011 was an AMAZING year and I'm sad to see it go...But that just makes me want to make 2012 even better!
Idk. Just going to watch yesterdays performance because it was amazing.
Ariana Made Our Year! I had an amazing new years eve, fireworks! Dinner! I loved it! Happy new year! ♥ How was your new years eve? ♥
Blackburn! Amazing!! Sad it was on Fergie's 70th birthday though.
IT WAS AN AMAZING AWESOME SHOW! I AM IN LOVE! <333
I guess 2011 was amazing but then the last 6 months of it we're my idea of hell.
Went skydiving yesterday and it was amazing!  What a way to end 2011!
Heyy!! It´s last day of 2011. 2011 was amazing year for me! :))
And I really hope 2012 is a good year for me. 2011 was pretty amazing and I hope it only gets better from here :)
2011 was such an amazing year !!!! <3 i'm excited for 2012 but it's kinda creepin me out though...
today shouldent end 2011 was an amazing year it cant be over
I remember the time wen I was Justins One less lonely girl:') it was abs AMAZING best day of my life:*then I woke up! why cudnt it be true:(
Last night was amazing!!! Can't wait to get up today and do it all again! Here we come 2012 :)
2011 was nothing short of amazing. It was definitely a year of firsts, challenges and love. Hoping for more opportunities & love this 2012 ♥
It was a GREAT 2011! Thank you God! Looking forward to an AMAZING 2012!!
All you can bitch and say fuck 2011 well it was one amazing year for me! Can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
ok so it snowed a lot today and it was amazing but now the snow is turning into rain a bit :-( not loving it
Gonna replay Homin's Kouhaku performance. It was just AMAZING!!! *starts singing Amazing by Infinite* ^^
Bye bye 2011! It was amazing, truly a transformation year! Let's embrace 2012 with more positivity! Happy New Year you all!!!
arrived home just now after being in Eastbourne seeing Tracey in Robin Hood!!!:-) Wish I could see it again it was that amazing<3 x
First new diet shop was a success. It's amazing what I can actually have.
Honestly, 2011 was amazing until October, when it got unbelievably shitty. I'm just ready for it to be over.
Looking back the year it was amazing sad tragic proud all wrapped up in a ball of time.
That workout was thee business. I feel so amazing right now! Ahhhh....sweaty but it feels good. Now if I can keep this up it wud be love :)
Just woke up from a dream of beast T__T first time really. It was ssoooo amazing
It's amazing how fast a whole year went by...what was I doing all 365 days??? o_O?
now that I think about it...this year was amazing! I wouldn't change a thing about it ;)
Barbados is such an amazing place omg, apart from the hurricane we got it was fab.
Yesterday went to an amazing place where it was acceptable to walk round in underwear, slippers and dressing gowns.
finished the book i was reading, AWESOME! i read it in 1 week! i can't wait until i get part 2 & 3! rating: 10/10 OFCOURS! AMAZING BOOK!
WOW - The Sydney fireworks display looks like it was as amazing as ever. Fabulous!
Just watched Tangled. It was amazing:D I think that's going to be one of my disneys favourites
2012 was a great, special, year 4 me!..it was amazing, the things I did more of, and experienced for the first time turned out not to be bad
Tonight with my girls <3 The last half of this year was amazing <3 Met amazing people and had amazing moments! 2012, bring it onnn.
2011 was actually amazing. I don't want it to end 8:(
I have had like such an amazing time yesterday night! It was crayyyyy
Really wish i was in Sydney for new years, it looked amazing especially the fireworks!
I've changed so much in one year.... It's amazing to me! Definitely Not the same person I was coming into last yr 2011
Ok that book was amazing. I don't even understand parts of it. It was just... Amazing.
oh dear, today my crush touched my......arm.....lol dont judge...it was AMAZING! lmfao..imma looseer
Michael Jackson Immortal Tour by Cirque Du Soliel was amazing!  You should see it if it comes to a town near you!
finding it amazing that yesterday I was in a jacuzzi with Peter Barlow off Corrie :3
Now offically addicted to 10k races can't believe what an amazing experience it was! & i survived it & crossed the finish line in one piece!
Yea I kinda just bought The Wackness.... The movie's amazing though so I think it was worth $7. S/O to Josh Peck
My favorite thing about 2011 was my Oprah experience. It took me 6 months to grow out the hair after the makeover, but it was still amazing.
It was well worth it for me and I would have never found such an amazing person on my own
one of the best memories i had this 2011 is our COLT during the summer of 2011! It was an amazing experience!! :D
Funny seeing ppl tweeting abt what an amazing year last year was, doing all the things I'm doing next year! Looking forward to it more now!
She was immediately filled with the spirit. Giving God all the praise! It was amazing!!
2011 had its ups and downs, but ultimately, it was amazing, because Ariana Made Our Year. ♥
2011 was amazing I miss it alreadyyy but anyway happy new year!
I need to go to the hairdressers and buy that wax they used it was amazing!
This was a amazing year. Don't want to let it go but time awaits for no one.
Wish I was in New York again, For new years eve! It was amazing last year!
It's amazing how quickly my money depletes...I was rich on Friday morning </3
I have a dream whit Justin and Selena!! It was amazing :) but it just a dream :(
2012 Can u be amazing??? pleaseee! 2011 it was a shit!! 2012 pleaseee!??
This year may not have been amazing for me, but it certainly made up for how horrible 2010 was.
I honestly had the MoSt amazing dream.. :)  .You would never guess what it was about! <3
2011 was a year that introduced my achievements too come..it was quite an AMAZING YEAR!!
Sucks that Jono was camping, but I still got to spend it with some pretty freaking amazing people :D
Smdh@ my last few tweets. Just too damn funny. I have neverrrrr seen a Bitch that obvious in insecurity. It was amazing!
Someone of my Facebook is claiming 2011 was amazing for her, despite the fact so moaned every day that wasn't her wedding that it was shit.
Last run of 2011 and it was amazing 6 great miles ran the last at 9:13 pace....these legs might be race ready soon!
To me ou ll allah el 7md, 2010 was amazing, 2011 was incredible ! Now 2012 plz KEEP IT COMING <3
He literally silenced the room it was amaze. "@MonsterSam This. RT "@hausofnikki: Ed Sheeran live, is amazing.""
2012 is coming... I don't want to leave 2011! :'( It was an AMAZING year for me..I hope 2012 will be a great year too!.. :)
Only 2 hours 'til "new years eve party" .. Now I start to thinking about amazing and tragedic moments of 2011 .. It was a really hard year .
2011 was a year full of ups and downs, but it was definitely an amazing year!
“@MarkJPHood: 2011 was a good year....as for me and my music, it was an AMAZING year! Can't wait for the next chapter.”
2K11 will always be my year. Graduated from BSHS, then moved on to NKU! It was an amazing year, but im hype to see what 2K12 brings!
Would never forget in 2006 I was there when the ball dropped. It was amazing! I was only 14 w| my two friens. So much fun!
Thank You Lord for this year..It was an amazing year !!!
2011 was a weird year. It was amazing but terrible at the same time.
camp was amazing <3 i miss it already
amrap09 nice. I was there. Time Flies and Count Me Out played too. it's pretty amazing someone had a
This year was AMAZING, I don't want it to end :-(
Decided to watch Diehard 2 on Netflix after it was onSpike. It's amazing the faces you recognize! Robert Patrick, Leguizamo and Colm Meaney.
My year??? Hmm I don't talk about it, honestly yes was good and brilliant amazing but too terrible,bad, frustrated, oh! So much things!!
forgot to tweet about last night, it was an amazing night:]
Finished The Apocalypse Suite. It was amazing. Just bought Dallas excited to read it.
Ill be sad to see the back of 2011, it was amazing. Hope 2012 is just as good!
this year was amazing. i met so nice peeps... and it went so fast. can't believe 2011 is almost over.
Last night's dream was amazing! It was like church in my mind.
My dream was so amazing I'm considering writing it into my private fanfic.
i'm back! i was watching the happening with my sister just now, it was quite amazing! :D
This movie isnt as amazing as i was told it would be. Shit.
So it was pretty much a very full twitter year. Hope the next is even better! Wishing u all an amazing NY's eve & a very Happy New Year! ;)
Goodbye 2011. Thankyou for some amazing memories and some bad memories. Thankyou to all people who is in it. 2011 was an amazing year for me
My night was amazing.. I tried make it last
2011 made me become an amazing girl and it was such a memorable year ever. Thank you for everything! ☺
The first half of 2011 was absolutely amazing and the second half has sucked but oh well I'm over it
Awww! last morning of 2011. This was an amazing year and I'm so sad it's almost gone. I pray 2012 is nearly as good.
My dream last night was pretty amazing, wish it could happen :'(
lol the rain fell last year and it was amazing..well except for my white pants -__- lol
Happy new year to all my friends!! We watched the Melbourne fireworks from Southbank and it was amazing views!!
2011 was a good year, met some amazing people! I wish you all the best in 2012! You all deserve it <3
It's really amazing. Yoochun only debuted last year on KBS but he was already invited to present the award ;)
I watched Hatchet 2 last night.  It was kind of boring.  Tony Todd is amazing though.
2011 was such a great year. Weddings, laughter, Hawaii, Ireland, amazing people & experiences. Now onto 2012 & all it will bring!
alexzhdanov: Amazing fireworks show from Sydney! Glad I was watching it on tv, I hate the noise from fireworks! Happy New Year to all...
Another big party of 2011, how could I bloody forget it..! Labrynth at the warehouse in London bridge,, my set was amazing, it felt like 92
Finished World War Z. Amazing book, wish it was 700 pages not 350. Lets hope the don't mess up the movie.
Happy new year Sydney !! I was there 2 yrs ago to witness it for real !! Amazing xx
Last day if 2011 ! The year flew by so fast; overall 2011 was an amazing year <3 thanks for all my dollls who made it special!
Well the Internet is amazing right now, last night it was taking 70 minutes to upload a 30/40 second clip. Great.
Before all that my night was amazing. Course I single handedly ruined it -__-
I finished all of Firefly.  Man, that was really amazing.  Now for Serenity.  Simon and Kaylee better do it at some point.
Done an awesome CV, & i think i've forgot to save it.. Ps it was fucking amazing. I hate life.
bikram yoga was amazing!! It felt like I just came up from the pool when I was done!
2011 was definitely beyond amazing with all the people I have met and the experiences that it gave me! This year opened many doors for me :)
2011 was amazing, I can't believe it's almost over!
Watched "Warrior" it was amazing. Easily much better than watching real ufc
I say 2011 was shit but then I think of all the amazing things that happened and idk maybe it wasn't too bad after all
Home from an amazing wedding full of swords, soldiers and high pitched laughter. Also it was the only wedding where a guest has tickled me.
My cruise was amazing.. It's going to be hard going back to the real world.
2011 has been my best year by far because so much happened even though lots of it was shit but so much of it was amazing ye
I don't care what anyone says .. 2O11 was an AMAZING year for me! I loved every single month of it ♥!
Mann I was having an amazing ass dream and somenone called me right now and ruin it :'( .Why would you do that .   .
randomfactaboutme. I used to be a dancer,I danced most days in the week and did loads of shows,it was amazing!
L_Tatano18 it was amazing! i wish there was snow though! :( and i got a new job! :) how was your chr
2011 Was Big Year For Me....Life Altering. Stressful. Amazing. Heart Breaking. Uplifting. It Only Gets Better From Here <3
Happy new year tweeps hope it's a good one :-) first Melbourne fireworks show was amazing especially when kidding someone ;-)
Just ate far too much, far too quickly. It was amazing but my stomach will make me regret it later.
2011 has been amazing.. Lboro, fdh, graduating, becoming mature, interning..I was here..I did, I've done..it was more than I thought it'd be
2011 was great. AGH. I don't wanna leave such an amazing year. But yes, I am excited for this coming one. :) Hope it's as amazing!
skiing for 2 weeks was amazing but it's good to be home :)
It was just an amazing 2011. And with all this good premises, next year will only be better ✌ (with Enrico at Lungadige Re Teodorico)
it was a year of changes; but it was amazing ~
But their childhood was amazing. I want it. Now.
wish i was in sydney for new years eve, would be so amazing. god i miss it.
It's amazing how much better 2 anti inflammatory pills make u feel.. guess my knee was pretty swollen
Sydney's fireworks were amazing.  Just imagine what they would have been like if the company who did Oban's was running it.
everyone has been saying that 2011 was shit, it was amazing for me, i met cody simpson, and became a directioner <3
I had another dream about you, it was amazing. ^_^
Year 2011 were AMAZING! went to My World Tour and saw Justin <3 yeaaa, it was an amazing year :D
me: sara how does it feel to carry your own baby? Sara: so amazing.. his heart was once inside of me Me: awwww Sara: His eyes too Me:YAMAMA!
Last few weeks been amazing,hometown never lets me down love MK,xmas was great with family, some old and new friends,now bring it on CARDIFF
Yesterday it was my amazing phone voice, today its my inviting brown eyes! LMAO
2011 was really great! It was amazing. I hope that 2012 would be better (:
Ayaka was amazing and now it's time for Johnny's countdown. ALMOSTT. and then countdown TV with Jin <3 2012 is gna b awesomeeeee.
Amazing fireworks show from Sydney! Glad I was watching it on tv, I hate the noise from fireworks! Happy New Year to all my Aussie friends!
Beat portal 2 and it was absolutely amazing! 10/10!!
I had a dream last night that I was eating this cake and it was amazing
2011 was actually the worst year of my life my amazing uncle and cousin died, and it consisted of shit and arguements. I hope 2012 is better
My dream was kinda....well kinda....AMAZING! It was about me and Cody hanging at my house and he was so cute in my dream
Last time I took this aspirin it was amazing I couldn't feel anything.. Wtf's going onn?
Go karting was amazing :D my fastest time around the track was 1minet 13 seconds. It was a big track...the karts were so fast! And amazing!
i fell asleep 3 times in the first 20 minutes but after that it was amazing, the rape scene made me wanna vom, but compelling. i loved it
JEDWARD was the highlight of my year when I saw you two at Newcastle it was amazing don't let anyone put you down just live the dream xx
2011 had some amazing times and some proper shit ones but it was pretty damn good anyway
Just saw MI4 in Imax.. It was amazing!!!
Report: new years moment was amazing! And is going directly to you my loved ones :) enjoy it :)
2011 was a stressful yet amazing year. It was so full of change, both good and bad. I can't wait to see what 2012 will bring.
Batman: Arkham City was amazing! I regret that I did not buy it earlier, would have voted it for GOTY for sure.
2011 is over already! :O it was an amazing year <3 (: Best Year so far
Looking back to this year 2011 I just can say it was wonderful! Big thanks to all who made this year so amazing! <3
I wanna thank all my friends, fans, and followers for this amazing year!It was a great year for me and I hope for you too!  Have a nice NYE!
Last day of 2011! It was such an amazing year ♥
Agh, last night I had this dream that I had bunkbeds that I shared with Noel Gallagher and he sung me to sleep every night, it was amazing.
it was an amazing year for me! This is it!! im already knocking out! 2012 here we go!! Happy New Year Everyone! BOMBS signing out! :) <3
In 24 hours it would be amazing if I was still awake
Melbourne City was beautiful! Thank you Melbourne for making it so amazing for me!! Happy New Year!
2011 was fucking amazing. It had its share of disappointment as well, but it turned out to be a good year
Happy new years, yo. .I'm sad. I didn't want 2011 to end. It was the most amazing year, ever!
Only just awake:') such an amazing sleep it was x
when Beyonce performed 'I was here' live at roseland, and it shown clips of her, it showed how amazing she is.
Last day of 2011. This year was hyped, amazing, unpredictable. GREAT YEAR! Loved it <3
Just got back from the movies. It was pensioners night. It was packed with old people. But the movies was AMAZING!
ach day what ever was it funny,amazing,boring,baad,horible, or even crazyyy ;( .i just want  to thank u 2011 ;)..... .U made me some times....
Lots of folk sending tweets about how amazing McIlroy's US Open was and that's why he was honoured. Not disputing it was an excellent win
"2011 was such a bitch, 2012 is going to be amazing" I give it 4 days to dissapoint you.
Well, not really. You tell me. He was born blind, but he still boleh lukis semua tu omg it's just amazing. Very.
In 9 hours and 52 minutes it's 2012! Wow This year was really amazing! Thank You for everything You have done for me!<3  .-Much Love(:
although 2012 is looking pretty good, 2011 was amazing... probably my best year yet! does it have to leave so soon?
Just watched the film 'first daughter' and it was amazing!!! My life is sad but it was a good film
Wish I was in time square-it would be amazing
Isn't it amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, suddenly meant the world to you? Happy New Year! :)
went and saw the Ulster vs Munster match last night it was amazing
omg I think Hereafter was amazing ;_; it's a quiet and deep movie sdgjfj I love that kind of movies
2011: best and worst year of my life. Up till july it was amazing. But when july/august came evrything went wrong...
I WAS GOING TO WATCH MBC GAYO DAEJUN & OMG! WHEN I STREAM GUESS WHAT! IT'S THE AMAZING KANGSORA. OTL
I had such an amazing year. It was though at first but in the end it was really fun.
"It was great. He's amazing. Justin is great to work with the coolest kid." - Jaden Smith.
If i was Marvin i wouldn't let the boys organise my stag do! after what happened at reeesh's birthday! it will be something amazing & funny!
Ik thats a weird dream but it was amazing to have. Im sad it wasnt real though.
It's 3pm in Estonia and I just saw Sydney's fireworks from my tv (bbc world news) omj it was amazing D:
This Time Last Year I Was Going To The Safari Hotel &+ It Was Freakin Amazing! -This Year Got Nothing To Do :(
so this is the last day of 2011 and I must say: this year was amazing unique special and all in all I enjoyed it :)
We're closed today and tomorrow ... Enjoy the last day of 2011!.. dont say it was bad, it was amazing! and welcome 2012 to our lifes.
As insane as 2011 was being in year 12 and all, it was actually the best year of my life. I have a feeling 2012 will be even more amazing :)
Well on a global scale 2011 was really awful with all of it's bad news and tragedies but personally it's been an amazing year!....
The Lion King on Blu Ray looks amazing... I mean it was a pretty good looking film anyway but it's beautiful.
It was an amazing one though *evil laugh* muahahahaha lol
2011 was amazing,it thought me many new things,learn many lessons. Looking forward to a great 2012 ahead :))
My year up to a couple weeks ago was really not too good. It's amazing how one person can come into your life and change it completely <3
It is amazing what Dr Adrenalin can achieve was fine on air after 1st 15mins my deep voice went. Doesn't last but soon be better. :-))X
it's too early to say this...but tohoshinki thank you for the amazing 2011...it was the best year EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER thank you
“@MarlonMckenzie: Hakuna Matata :)” it means no worries for the rest of your daaaaaaays! Ahh the West End show was amazing!!xx
New year eve! And it gonna to be 2012 in awhile wow but 2011 was a great jepic year it was amazing
I've got such an amazing family.. what else can I ask?.. it was freaking amazing dude, srsly.
2011 was a year of ups and downs. Had some dark points, but it ended in such a great way! Thanks to my amazing family :) you all rock!
Slept for 12 hours for the first time since I was a student and it felt amazing!
Still can't get over that AMAZING Francois video I stumbled across at half three this morning. It was so good, he's so underrated.
There was a new girl in town, She had it all figured out well I'll state something rash, Oh She had the most amazing Smile! :)
Watched the bear grills thing with miranda earlier. It was amazing
2011 actually went so fast, it was one of the best years of my life, everyone I met was amazing. I love you all. Happy New Years! xo
It feels like only a few months ago I was at home with family & friends counting down to 2011. This year was amazing but went way too fast!
Skydiving looks so amazing but personally my heart couldn't take that! Sometimes I just wonder who was the first to try it lol
2011 was so amazing to me that I don't want to leave it behind.
I had an amazing dream last night but then my dad shouted "Time To Get Up" & shook me! It was a awesome dream!!
I did NYE in Times Square to ring in 1996 and 1997. It was an amazing experience. I think everyone should give it a try at least once.
RT "@gelaito 2011, with its ups and downs, was nothing short of amazing. I thank God for every single moment of it. :-)"
So blessed! 2011 was good,I'm glad it's over!! 2012 is going 2 b such an amazing adventurous year I'm so happy what going 2 take place!
Happy New Years Eve! Goodbye 2011,it was a great year! Hope you guys have a great day today! And an amazing journey in 2012!
gonna be productive and enjoy the last day of 2011. it was an amazing year ♥
btw, I was there. In glasgow, 2007. It was really amazing!! :)
Yesterday was amazing! Really tired and need to do New Year art but it was so much fun :L
2011 was an eventful year.  Start of it was amazing. Not to keen on the last 4 months. Gonna go out with a bang tonight. Ya get me.
It was an amazing morning of Boot Camp Fitness. I feel so good and strong.
Still researching for Gift Baskets and was directed to a great site Etsy check it out some amazing things
2011 was a year shadowed by heartaches.. Still it was an amazing year!! The blessings were such comfort.. Thank you JC!! Im alive & kickin'!
Watched my last movie of 2011 there and it was AMAZING
tonight was random, but it was pretty much amazing<3
Goodbye 2011 it was 1 of the most amazing years of my life despite the BS i had to endure, looking forward to a better tomorrow in 2012
those whole three months, I had no worries..i was non-chalant. It was just amazing.
Then You'd love me is amazing... Good that it was used in fashion of his love :-).
When Pete tweeted me it was amazing!
I just went indoor skydivingg!! It was amazing (:
2011 was a tough one, but my amazing friends and gorgeous boyfriend helped make it so much better and I am so happy. Love you all.
Dear 2012, my life was not as bad as i made it out to be this year, so don't change nothing cause I am amazing.. thanks.
watched gullivers travels last night it was amazing and we will be watching paul soon whats it like??? x
I wanna spend new years like I did last year: in Kamakura~ it was amazing~~
Although 2011 was a rough year for me it perked up at the end :) i found where my heart lies thanks to some amazing people
I once danced in the rain. It was amazing. <3
Just had my first food porn dream and IT WAS AMAZING.
Happy early New Year.!!! This year had ups & downs but it was finally amazing.! ♥
Like every year, I can't say it was a good or bad year because a mixture of amazing, good, average, bad and really bad things happened.
The most amazing thing in tesco's wmyb was on and everyone started singing along to it, ...like everyone!
i wont miss this year as it was somewhat exhausting...but i thank God for all the things that made me smile and for the amazing ppl i met!
Mancini's respect and admiration for Fergie is laudable. He really knows how to show it. His toast yesterday was amazing.
So its 2012 in 40 minutes here in Australia:) -Aya. Btw, Yara should tell u guys about her dream. It was amazing.
I'm back home from Paris! It was AMAZING!
«XSTROLOGY Aries sex is like nothing else. You will remember how amazing it was for life.»LolYd
Had a really good time I kinda wish it wasn't over but overall it wAs an amazing trip but it's sad to think it's your guy's senior yeAr/:
I didn't know Hannah Montana was on this though =\ I thought it was just the amazing songs... Like circle of life what I'm playing now =]
If i'm honest, i wouldn't keep 2011. It was an amazing Year! Hope 2012 will Be amazing too!
the tom scully parody it was so amazing
The Artist originally had sound, but the boom mic was busted so there was a hiss under everything. Amazing what you can do in post. Love it
KARA's performance was amazing!!! Too bad it was short.. I want en-co-re!! en-co-re!! en-co-re!! en-co-re!! en-co-re!!
2011 was an amazing year, I hope it will continues on 2012. For me, for you, and for all good people in the world, have a blast year ahead!
Macbook Air? - nothing at all to do with "light as ..." it was named after an Amazing Ive Redesign !
Literally just woken up from a dream which was fucking amazing, I should make it into a film!
Last year Jan thanks to Levis Jeans. I got to go to my first ever film festival. Sundance. It was an amazing experience...
It was amazing singing/dancing to born this way, just as the Lebanese family across the road launched some fireworks <3
makes me want to commit when people say Hatchet was a 'great, amazing modern horror' no it was dogwank
Damn this year went so fast. It was an amazing year. Met amazing people. x Lianne
Oh yeah, I also finished the Hunger Games... It was frickin' amazing! I neeeeeed to got the second book and read it soon!
Goodbye 2011, you've been an amazing year. Lots of ups and downs but it was all worth it :)
Don't understand why everyone complains about how bad a year it was, its had its bad moments, but its been mostly amazing...
“@XxWhitney_xX this year went by so fast. i must say it was amazing :-)”
2011 wasn't always good, in the last few months. But before that it was amazing:)
2011 was a terrible year, but it got better towards the end. I became happier and more positive and met some amazing people.
was an amazing full moon on the night sky, when he was shining clouds looked like a white sea of ghosts^^ I love it!
Awww New Year's Eve....we meet again. Looking back to where I was last New Year's Eve and it's amazing the changes that occur within a year.
2011 was an amazing year for me, but it wasn't the perfect year I was hoping for due to the last month or so.
I spent New Years on New Zealand last year and it was peaceful, pretty and amazing. Happy New Year New Zealand! (:
can't believe another year is gone already! but it was still amazing.
2011 was amazing. Even through breakups and all negativity, I would definitely do it all again.
2011 was amazing. I would never give it up. I think I grew up a lot and learned so many lessons. Alhamdullilah. I am so blessed.
April: Saw The Wanted live on the Behind Bars Tour (11th, Sheffield) and it was amazing!
It was an amazing sleep though hahah
just finihed wathcin justin bieber never say never for the like 50th or more times and it was amazing as always bout to watch it again luvit
2011 was such an amazing year for me.. hoping 2012 equals it! :)
2011 flew by but it was fucking amazing, still I can't wait to top in 2012!
I am in Miri! It's so weird that I was in Kuala Lumpur hours ago, meet with the most amazing people.
MadgeGoneWild AHAH! Yes that's what I was thinking ;-) It would be amazing for both of her lol :D Mem0Fqn7
I get emotional on new years. I'm sorry to be a wetty but this year was both amazing and terrible. This is the last day we'll ever see it.
So this year was amazing. Thanks to everyone that made it so...I love you all. Above all, thank you Jesus for giving me this wonderful year.
Celebrating New Year in the Cameron Highlands in Malaysia. I don't know how 2012 is going to top 2011, it was a pretty amazing year.
Well I dnt know what else to say....I guess it's over....it was amazing while it happened
Like, I can't even put into words how 2011 was such an amazing year for me. So many things happened. It went by too fast. :(
2011 was such a beautiful year. Making a summary of 2011 and it gives me butterflies. Met amazing people, done great things. Good things
2011 was amazing and it would not have been great without you! YES YOU! Thank you so much and see you in 2012! ♥ and Light to you! Enjoy!
