Just thought i'd let everyone know i have changed my bed sheets for the last time of 2k11:-( like seriously shut the fuck up-_-
I hate going down to this shelter to donate clothes , the last time i did that my cell phone was missing i mean i know they homeless but man
"@HUMP_God: FOR THE LAST TIME, I DO NOT LOOK LIKE SOULJA BOY." naa , YOU DONT ! you look like tyty ( :
Good morning friends :) last day of 2011 don't waste your time but fill it for .useful things :)
One last thing: I do all this in real life all of the time. But I'm only tweeting about it tonight because I'm a bit tipsy.
Rerun of Law and Oder just as exciting as the last time!
Can't remember the last time I fell asleep before 12 pm
I didn't miss u last week or just today. I miss you all the time.
Goodmorning tweeps!!! Last day of 2011... Time to reflect on the things that happened this year...
right I'm going to bed for the last time of 2011...and this is my last "night" tweet of 2011...sweet...=P...kk night peeps...xxx
I forgot about you last night For the first time in a long time I did *singing*
time to get some rest and get ready for the last day of the year .after that...who knows! goodnight
The last time mi ere frm dah female deh she mek mi laptop screen bruk inuh fi show yuh seh a crosses suh mi not even aguh rave wid r
JuiceyCoulter did I get it last time? Nooooo :)WNYjx
Oh my goodness, time goes by very quickly, today is the last day of 2011.
wow, thinking about this time last year so much has changed
Last time I went I've skating I got 15 stitches
The Last Day of 2011 is already hours old .. There's never a doubt that the time flies, and I guess I'm going to say the same next year!
Last day of 2011. Time goes to fast these days, for real.
'In 24 hrs time, this year will be last year'...shut up, you're making my head hurt.
Good night with amy and the babies :) bed time me thinks or i'l no last tomorrow night
Wat time the last game is!
Omg last day of 2011, fuck where did time go!?
have a great last day of 2011 and enjoy the people who are you spending time with (:: <3
Took the kids to  McDonalds playland 4 dinner. I told them this is the last time this year we r coming to McDonalds so you better enjoy it.
I feel so insulted right now it's crazy. Idr the last time I was this pissed.
Last Simpson Saturday for this year! Time flies...
Bitchs really think they are a thumbs up bitch last time I check you was a thumbs down
my last time cutting it shorter.
Last time I'm going to bed 2011... if you don't count me waking up later going to the toilet and going back to sleep XD
What the fuck is going on with my bank. Last time I check $17 is in there check again and my bill got paid $82 somehow and I have $65 left»»
I know ima have a good time tonight! Last Friday of 2011 ✌❤
Goodnight tweeples <3 last time I'll be saying that in 2011 realistically...
Dont wanna fuck with a broke nigga with ambitions but last time I checked y'all was broke bitches.......
Last Day in 2011 please, let me spend my time with my friends
Going to sleep for the last time this year :)
Brent Eaton briging this one home, big time! 15 points over last 8 minutes of the game, now has a team-high 23. Chargers lead 79-62.
Don't even remember the last time i tweeted any music, let me quickly spam the timeline
Last morning in 2011. Still enjoying time lying in my bed. Hoammm.
Haddock and clams for dinner than last L for a longgggggg time
-- wish I could remember last night, wish I could remember the time of my life, alright..can't wait for tonight to be like last night <3
I can see how I didn't make it til midnight for new years last time. This week is exhausting.
Had my last pizza of 2011, tasted every bit as good as the first one of the year! Alas, it's also my last for a long time! Sigh, oh well!
Last day in 2011. Everybody,very happy all time.
Who said a black man was in illuminati last time I checked that was the biggest racist party.
Take everything from the inside .And throw it all away .'Cause I swear, for the last time .I won't trust myself with you
I just realised I haven't had a coffee for the last two days. I wonder how long I can go this time!
Well on the plus side this is the last time I will see my ex for the rest of the year. I need a DRINK
New Year is like the one time of the year I get properly emotional lol..if I cry tomorrow night like how I did last year I'll be mortified.
ok so this time last year, ayu announced that she's married. sooo this year? maybe that she's pregnant? O:
Last time I used to draw turtles to represent ppl. Oh gosh xB
Well I guess that was the last time I'd hear from you.
I've been first and last. Look at how the time has passed...
When was the last time Nas released a song? O__o
Mom just made an All Time Low reference. I've taught her well over these last five years ❤
I hit half a Mil in Temple Run the last time I played.
So like the last time I went to the college softball world series is when I was 7 I'm thinking I need to go again this coming year :)
"Still I'm on the grind like some bad brake cause I remember the time I was last place" TreySongzN0HkqD
“@TheBlakeMartini: I'm going to take my Mum for lunch. Greek perhaps. The last time I offered her lunch she refused. Peasant. -__-” LOL
I don't remember the last time I didn't have chapped lips.
Chillin with my cuz...our last moments till nxt time
Last night was my first time watching rg3 play....i was suprised how strong his arm was
good night. sleep well, dream about Bieber<3 this is the LAST time I will tweet this in 2011.....sad, but true. 2012 is here soon!
IDEK, the whole Eurovision subject makes me so happy! Like It Brung me to tears last time. I just love the whole feeling! FFFFFF<3
That was my last time trying to face time him
It dont matter if jayz made more albumz itz FUKIN QUALITY NOT QUANITY — WHEN THA LAST TIME JIGGA LP WENT DIAMOND — watch me lose some people
Talking bout he ain't tell me to go anywhere....ugh last time I checked I ain't have a daddy. Lol
Could not be happier. Whens the last time you could say that and mean it???
haven't worked since last saturday.. it was nice but time to go baacckk
Getting my haircut for the last time in 2011.
This time last week we was all getting excited about Christmas.
Time to move Paula Patton up my list. Her last performance put her in the top 5.
Just bombed my toilet for the last time this year :(
Anyone else reckon Adam needs a rest? he's been crap the last 3 games. The last time he had a week off he came back stronger.
Can't actually remember the last time I was in a good mood
I don't remember the last time I was happy :(
Going to abuse my lungs for the last time of 2011
This is it guys. Last time of falling asleep in 2011... Hope everyone has a good new years eve & a fabulous 2012!
Morning all. Time to celabrate for the last day of this year and welcome to 2012. Happy all day all night ka.
The rain fell on ole years last time..
Couldnt tell you the last time i wore jeans. This feels wierd!
"Cry me a river nigga cry me a sea but that's the last time I love a nigga that ain't got no love for me" -Dana Gilmore” love this girl mann
Good morning. It's the last day of 2011. Time flies.
since its my last time ima jst buy a half for my self
Going to bed now for the last time this year. (; Good Night. <3
last working day of 2011......hope who come to harazyuku will have the most happy time in this year xo
Can't remember the last time I was truly completely happy.... and things just seem to be getting worse.
Sea world got a lot better since the last time I want but I was mad young the last time
Time always runs out , live EACH DAY AS ITS YA LAST !!
So marshawn Lynch gets fined 10,000 for his skittles shoes godell is a fucking idiot last time I checked NFL did not own skittles
I can't remember the last time I had fresh fries from McDonald's
i tried last night... that's the last time i try
Last yr this time i was traveling the opposite direction...
This time last year I wouldve punched one of these hoes in da face for being so fuckin lazy!
last time i checked he had a bxtchhh!
My new years resolution is to be happy with my relationship & to make it last !  I thought we had a good relationship all this time lol
FOR THE LAST TIME, I DO NOT LOOK LIKE SOULJA BOY.
I'm going to take my Mum for lunch. Greek perhaps. The last time I offered her lunch she refused. Peasant. -__-
but ur on my shit list still from last night in done wit yo ass this time
My phone went dead at about 11 last night and I didn't even care. That's how much of a good time I had! Lol
The last time we hang out I will redeem my self
Last time it was a 1 story house, tf.
Last time the Knicks started 1-2 in a lockout-shortened season, they made the Finals. Fun with ridiculously small sample sizes.
I use to listen to Stand By U all the time whenever I was down,then I learned that that was the last song they sang as 5. -c-
Good Morning in last day of 2011. Have a lovely day and good time. You amazing world. :D
Im So Tired of Muthafuckas Speaking on Me, cus Last time i Checked all i Do is Sit in the hse w./My	Daughter
Can you tell I haven't slept very well since the last time we spoke?
If I could go back to this time last year I think I'd pretty much be in the same predicament,
good morning saturday.... how time flies and its about the end of 2011... enjoy your last day of 2011 guys....!!! and happy new year....
I hate this feeling! This is def the last time.
Good morning friends :) last day of 2011 don't waste your time but fill it for useful things :)
Last Day of 2011. Time flies so fast.
Last time i try to help somebody out.
my mom doesnt want me drinking this new years eve cause last time I tried walking to a friends house...
It's the last day of 2011. Time goes so fast☹
Aside from Christmas and Boxing Days, I can't really remember the last time I ate meat. Get me some bacon!
Hi, I can tell you edited your photos to make your teeth whiter... Last time I checked teeth don't glow blue.
Great saturday, and last day in 2011. Nice time to MOLOR !
I think it's the last time im tweeting 'good night' for this year. Sooo....
Going to sleep for the last time in. 2011 .... Night guys !!!
i cant remember the last time i had a bad meal
It's the last day of 2011, time goes by so fast! Have a great day, everyone!
Can't believe myself its d last day of 2011. Time flies so quickly
This is my 3rd times hopefully last time at wally world today
So what is it your playing again? I completely wasn't listening the last time.. :/
I hate when people wanna make last minute appointment and then wanna try and rush, no your on my time
This is the last time I go to sleep and wake up in 2011.. Bring on 2012!
It's actually ridiculous how much has changed from this time last year!
I Wanna Go Out Too One Last Time In 2011 !
Remember what I said last time... I meant it.
Last day of 2011. Time to forget the past and start a new life of 2012
Last time I had butterflies.....well ones like these......this time last year :/ booo lol
Time for my last sleep of 2011. Tweet you all in the morning:) And Happy New Years Eve!!
Last time I went the strip club wit a lil bit of cash the girl kept asking me was I tipping over and over I was bouta cuss her ass out lol
I need historical stats here. When was the last time a Duke team scored over 60 in the first half?? Western Mich is AWFUL.
That's honestly the last time I'm ever texting you
Ive tried that love thing for the last time
movie time...biutiful !!good night people!!enjoy your last night of 2011!!!
missed my 'this time last week' tweet about 1D :( anyway.... this time last week i was still on a hype.
My mom wont let me drive cause last time i did cars were throwing peanuts at us
Ain't no telling the last time I used it
cannot believe that another year has gone by, this time last year I was in Paris with my mom!
lmao , I love your mom :) remember last time?“@KiaraMichelle_: My mom keeps calling me a Stupid B**ch -_____-”
Everybody talking about 2012 they year, thought 2011 was your year as you proclaimed last year this time
That's the last time I let people eat or drink in my car.
I am enjoying my last Friday of 2011. Can't believe time has flown by so fast. But I am expecting more blessings in 2012
DON'T FORGET ABOUT THE FUN THAT WE HAD LAST TIME AROUNDDDD
Last time I checked, your opinion didn't matter
Last time we did I was feeling my stuff ..
Last New Year's Eve I chilled in my basement and got neglected by my boyfriend of the time.
it was like 12 up last time she said some
Well this will be my last time in the year of 2011 of going out to grab a bite to eat!
OMG .. It's the last day of 2011 ..  However the time still goes by even though I want it to stop for a while ..
And that was the last time I hang over since a year xber have fun!
I hope pops chick generous like last time I was home, smoke good eat good
Ok that was it, the last time.
Last Time
last time i change my username i promise
People for the last time is D-E-S-T-I-N-I (Destini)
leave me lonely like you did last time.
church time..HAPPY SABBATH!..last mass this 2011.
one way to find out how long I worked is to look at where I was the last time i checked the twitter timeline.
quoting things from 2011 because it might my last time, before you know it, it's gunna be 2012
This time last week: jandals and singlet, cold beers and bbq.   Now- hoodie, slippers milo and heater on. Grrrr
it's the last day of 2011. time goes so fast.......
Last time I'm wearing lynx...I smell like a boyyyy
-Time to relax on my last friday of 2011 . .
last time im staying home by myself.
last friday in PA for a long time...#whatsgoodwitit
Is off to bed for the last time this year.... Good night all xx
Katy Perry and Russel Brand are getting divorced? Those celebrities weddings that last many time are so rare.....
Last night of 2011.. Not serious! Time effing bleeding flies and I don't have one regret!!!
Almost time for the last Friday Night Smackdown!<3
Last time I will ever sleep in my bed in 2011... I love my bed.
Just tried on every item of "party clothing" I own. Apparently last time I "partied," I was a lot skinnier. If you need me, I'll be crying.
Homeward after 3 & 1/2 months :). God knows how time flew by! Good morning all. Enjoy the last day of 2011 :)
Gnight. Last time im going to bed for this year
Hope I haven't got a ear infection agin it fuck me up last time and fuck my left ear up I have the same filling shit
Last Friday in 2011 , time to fuck shit up!
*last year around this time
I felt shit this morning. That is the last time I use Tesco value toilet roll
he said my grades havent improved since he last checked them and that last time was monday smh we in break! how are they posed to change???
Going to bed.. Last time sleeping in 2011! :)
Last day on thiz week... Last day on thiz month... & last day on thiz year... Xo? Njoyed the time! ;)
Last time I fell straight to sleep !
can't believe it's the last day of 2011.. I remember this time last year like it was yesterday..
Last night was the first time my brother been home all week. Smh.
For the last damn time, the word is 'pundit.' Not 'Poondit.'
Hold me closer one more time, say that you love me in your last goodbye.
Goodnight 2011, last night going bed this year. Next time I go bed it will be 2012!
Don't remember the last time I went to bed at a decent time. Feel like I should go to sleep but I know its impossible. Too much on my mind..
Hope gerrard doesn't go out tonight an gets nicked  that's what happened last time he played Newcastle over the crimbo
, last time eye checked that nigga was back in jail !
Last day of 2011. How time flies. I've achieved my 2011 goals, Alhamdulillah. Though, not entirely. But I'm glad.
Memories are sweet because we passed through the time. So please treasure time, not to regret later, as it's irreplaceable. Last Day of 2011
I just read something so dumb,  "If you have black in you, you're black.  No in between."  Last time I checked I was that in between.
My new years resolution. Go to gym. It was last year's resolution as well. I did go. I just didn't stay long. These things take time.
Last day of 2011! Time move so fast,really fast..
This time last year I was in Ghana staying at some beach resort, calm stuff
"@DevinnDaniel: In 2012, I'm going to leave people voice mail." Lol wow cant remember the last time Ive left a vmail
Eventhough I didn't want my last time as an cyclone to end that way, I can truly say I'm glad I picked to play for Iowa State out of the 21.
I've still got college work to get done by the time I go back next week, shouldn't leave things until the last minute!
You do something bad and each time is easier than the last.
this time last year I was in freezing Paris bringing in 2011. this year I'll be with the boy in our lovely summer heat! can't wait for 2012!
Sleep well, take care, last time in 2011! Love x
Morning Jakarta! It's Saturday & this is the last day in 2011! Wish you all a great time in 2011 :)
Its the last day of 2011, gunna spend time with my family. Xx
fletcher cox is currently a trend, second time this week my last name was featured.
Going through a morning read of the press, the last time this year.
Last day in 2011 with cold morning hmm it just make me wanna lay on my bed for a long time ♥
Why is father taking his bimmer to TJ after they did something to his truck last time? Might as well take a million dollars with you too bro
The last day in 2011, I realize that God make everything is beautiful in it's time.
put my contacts in for the 1st time since..probs the last iowa ftbal game ha. keep reaching for my glasses only to find im not wearing them.
I dn't even remember the last time I was happy, I might smile frm time to time. Bt I dn't remember being happy.
This time last year I was in Edinburgh!
its the last day of the year... a few more hours and another leave of time folds... time to reflect and write of the lessons learned...
Just closed out the Hall for the last time!
I'm pretty sure this is my last time here.
For the last time in 2011, night faggots! xoxox
fag, then bed. The last time I shall ever say this!!
Damn I swea he got sum to say about my tweets u dhat mad? Cuz I dnt tweet about u.....swea last time I checked u nt my nigga
so tired that im finding everything funny, just sat here having a giggle to myself time for bed me thinks.. my last sleep of 2011 awwww
Wish I could hug that special person one last time for this year..I'm afraid I'm not tho /:
Its 31st December 2011. The last day of the year. Time flies so fast.
BITCH IT GOT SPELLED WRONG THE LAST TIME
As 2011 comes to a close, my question to you is this: When was the last time you went "ALL IN" on something? What was it? Was it worth it?
Just incase I don't make it home tonight, let me make love to you for the last time baby
The awkward moment when ppl in different time zones are already tweeting about the last day of 2011, and it's still the 30th here xD
i swear if the bin doesn't reply to me by the time i've woken up tomorrow i will tweet his last reply to me
I don't have to know either of them personally to judge and then determine their marriage would last less time than an elephant's gestation.
Just read something that said "these certain people are attracted to good looking people" last time I checked that's how evry1 is...but ok.
LOL...last time I ordered 20 tacos from jack in the box I was completely shit faced....soooo why did I just do it when I'm sober!? 0_o
this time last year it was around my uncles funeral, so I was probably staying in lourdas house .
Only the second time in 25 games this year we have come from behind to win a league game . The last time apparently was on new years day
When was the last time I went to a restaurant
Lol my ma gon say you better not come home drunk and drop stuff like last time... -_-
2012 is upon us...What this means is still unknown to many of us, but if you knew it was your last how would you go out one final time?
Time to enjoy my last Friday night in Arab for a little bit :D
Almost time for work... Last day I'm working this year (though I did the the New Year's Day shift).
Going to a ska show tonight, the first in a long time... probably SuperDot was the last one...
Today is the last day of 2011. Can't believe time flies so fast like this.  .Everything will work out well next year since God will help me.
maaann...... its been a reallly long time since I last tweeted
If Christ is not the center of a relationship that relationship cannot last the test of time.
For the last time in 2011 gooodnight y'all :)
I remember this time last year like it was yesterday
omg sorry im excited, this is the last time ill be sleeping in 2011 'o' time goes waaaay to fast, but GOODNIGHT SWEET♥S :*****
Why can't you look me in the eyes for the last time,
I was watching the sun set on Newport beach this time last year...
This feels like last time, after Katy and travie... And people are reacting a lot different. Russ made an impact, Travis made heartache..
No I'm not lol I'm done and even though I relapsed last time don't mean ima do it again unlike u liar
This is the last time I have a 'sleepover' with maisy, she's taken most of my bed and hasn't stopped snoring for the past hour
I swear this is going to be the last time i eat chipotle, i tired of it already !
My "friend" spent the night last night&she didn't spend time with me at all She slept with my sister, lolol. That sounded wrong. But still..
And....I closed my front door for the last time. Goodbye corona house, thanks for the memories.
Lets make love for the last time.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time & goodbye for the last
Fina do dis last scene for dis Motto Video n get Fucked up at da same time ..#MONEYHIGH
This time last year I was on a Carnival Cruise! It was the shit!
Am going to sleep long time after a good but exhausting day visiting various people having had 4 hrs sleep last nyt
Even the sign of Waffle House looks like a ransom note.... It's two am still time to make one last mistake!  --jim Gaffigan
right got to get some sleep because I have work tomorrow, 9-5 so its not to bad i guess. Good night for the last time this year :)
Last Day of 2011. What a magnificent waste. Another year older with nothing to show for it. I feel more like Richard Richard all the time.
Alfie better not score in his own net for his "400th" like he did last time we played Calgary.
Omg....can't remember the last time I came to the Galleria on a Friday nite but its ALL lil kids
Painting my badger nails for the last time this season!
Miss how things were this time last year.
last of vacation.. time to get back to school!
It's scary to think that this time tomorrow, it will be 2012. I can't belive it's the last day of 2011
lmaooo!!  “@EllaBonita_: Last time I entertained I got rained on badly lmao .”
i havent touch etoh since the time i almost died...meaning last month...
(Prose) . .@HudaELI@mahamo2011@22hd06meme  .When was the last time u heard or read this word ,,,???
Tonight gonna have a few drinks but try not to throw up this time like I did last year hahahaha
I remember this time last year I never even got noticed by Justin. I guess dreams do come true if you believe in them :)
THIS IS THE LAST TIME..:/
I FUCK up year last time this year...ii double dog dare ya. I triple dog dare ya.!!
Allez... For the last time this year...
Thats the last time i let someone on my computer.
I asked my dad one last time tonight for a party tomorrow giving him a sob story of how I have nothing to do. He laughed & said deal with it
watching life time movies is the last thing i planned on doing on a friday night!
It's so mad, you was like all I could think about this time last year and now you barely cross my mind. Psssshhh
One last time
Got 2k from Dad! Yahoooo. Last day of 2011, shopping time! :)
Wow. André 3000 finally came out with a new song with Beyoncé. I can't remember the last time Outkast did anything.
In light of the fact that I've only seen you in person four times--the last time almost a year ago--it's crazy how often I think about you..
Another New Year. Where did the year go? Last NYE seems like yesterday! A good time to bury past mistakes and start afresh :-)
Bout to go back n thug out these last hours of work. These ppl testing my gangsta today n i ain't got the time.
I'm going to bed for the last time this year
Wow! It's last saturday on 2011& the last day on 2011! Time so fast!♦
This time last year I was in London then Paris. Couldn't be happier to be w my favorite people in rhode island this year :)
this time last year I had like 10 different options, this year I have one and it is extremely shit. Happy new years eve
I still can remember the last time I cried. .I was holding you and loving you knowing it would end...
I should take my dads offer this time..I need to think smart stop doin things that's gonna put me in a hole..God is testing me one last time
Well a brawlin time now enuh!!!! Sketz dem come out from last nite....I say no more!! X_X
but, this will be the last time as well.
"You come to me with scares on your wrist you promise this will be the last time feeling like this"
Give me 5 reason why I shouldn't go hard on all these rats one last time before new years
when was the last time justin actually made us one a random video or made a song cover so we didn't feel like were missing out on much?
Ayyy I'm bout clown tm wit my cousin this his last time home then he goin to Iraq for 2 yrs so we gotta having leaving wit a bang!
Knowin' that ima see my uncle nxt week excites me, but knowin that its gon be my last time seein him KILLS me already.
My last RT from Ashley. I think that's one of my favourite quotes of all time. Josh being a boss. And John was so cute lol
So my auntie wanna take ten damn years bringing her ass out the house this will be the LAST time i pick her up !!
Has anyone seen the movie, A Bronk's Tale? I watched 4 first time last night. It was great! Don't know why I wasn't familiar with it.
I just noticed todays the last day of 2011 .. where did time go ?
I can't even remember this time last year.. like I said being 17 seems like it was a myth
Finally watched the last episode of Black Mirror. Incredible. Don't remember the last time a show gripped me and entertained me so much.
so this time last year i was fat, had braces, had dark brown hair, was still at school, had a shit boyfriend and hardly went out - WOW
-Straight doe might go and do another tattoo on my niqqa tonight jus for the hell of it , last time i was widd em he went thru my phone
Checking out the comedy mix tonight on Burrard. Last time was pretty good, expecting better this time too
had the best mother fuckin time of my life last night!
Last time my Auntie had a party I was gettin head outside in my car....
Soon time to sleep for the last time of the year....
This time last week everyone was tweeting 'omg its christmas eve, its christmas eve!'
I can't remember the last time I watched 106 & park
This time last year was so different but im so happy so it must be a good thing
Last day of 2011 today. Where the hell has time gone?! S'been emotional
When you spend time making plans for a day and people decide to cancel last second<
My Last Time Watching 1O6 w. her
Met the cute girl for the cmu bookstore commercial last night. We hit it off big time. I drank too much and forgot her name. Fuck.
Slapping on the super "mama" cape and hunkering down in "crisis solving" mode. Last time this year!
Idk when was the last time I went on a date
in an hour i am leaving the house for the first time since dec 22nd when i had my last shift at work. also have clothes on. WEIRD.
You never think the last time is the last time. You always think there will be more. You think you will have forever, but you don't.
My last break til quitting time
I Don't think im drinking tomar i had enuff still not better from the last time smh
Last day of 2011. So fast time flies.
Gunna stay home on the last Friday of 2011? Time to relax
Just remember: The last time Kokomo was in the HOF classic it lost both games too, and didn't lose again until the state championship game
"@copyright_this: Should I get my eyebrows threaded? Last time was noooooo fun at all!" Nooooo that will hurt lol
im watching you breathing for the last time
For the last time this year- goodnight twitter. See you in the morning.
i was out all day today goodness when was the last time i've done that.
“@TheRReport (1 of 7)  last night we drowned G-d one sip at a time ♥ one glass on your bed's side table ♥ another on mine”
homeee just in time for the last friday night of 2011 :)
Last Friday of 2011....I remember the last Friday of 2010. Time is nooooo joke
for the last time we did not order a giant trampoline
Earlier a friend and I were talking about when was the last time we cried. I'm tripping out bc I really don't remember my last time.
Last time i checked i was single.
Last Day of 2011 Gosh Time Flies! :D
It's Cold AF In This House! .Smh This Time Last Year We Were In The Boiling Hot Sun, Planning My Sisters Wedding And Shopping -_- .Shit.
Batum needs to take advantage of his time on the court and shoot the ball rather than deferring. We saw it last night when he passed up a 3
Gonna take some getting used to this smartphone battery; my last phone could last 4 days at a time
the Fender's high-E string was a casualty of last night's session... restringing the Tele for the first time - eek!
RT“@MrSuavePGC: Last time i checked im doing MY job.....What are YOUUUU DOING!”
i dont remember the last time someone called me by my whole name !
Last time I checked a bicycle only had 2 wheels so stop making me a third one.
TOMORROW Last Day of 2011 time flies...
That is the first time Tyler Thornton has hit two threes in a game since the last time he did it
i remember this time last year, 6 foot 7 foot was my favorite song.
Hoop time! Not wearing my Melo shirt cuz they lost last night. Lol
Last time I watch toy story 3 I was shrooming & got scared. That bear is so mean "(
sayang,ak seneng kmrn bs liburan sm km,unforgetable moment w/ u last night RT@greysonchance: Last day of vacation! Time to get back to work.
Tis the last day of 2011, lets finish it with a good time!
Last time it was like 30 people at my house, that shit ain't happenin tonight you muthafuccas go be in bacc yard
I cannot tell you the last time I sat and watched a full episode of 106 & park. It's been that long.
If my mom wouldn't let me go out with my friends.. I used to tell her they were moving to Canada and it'd be the last time I could see them
A New Year. And maybe the last? We cant waist time on those that decided we are not worth it? Time to let them go sleep in the bed they made
God put you on my way and not by chance, I want this feeling to last forever while it lasts and lasts a long time I love you
And that's the LAST time he's going to do that shit. Now I'm going to pay him a visit
Last day in 2011... How time flies, eh? :-)
This time last year I met possibly the nicest girl in the world, she's been through so much shit in one year, I've put her through so much
No time to buy the last piece of my outfit for NYE. What am I going to do? Ugh :(
Last day for 2011! Time flies too fast :( I still remember the last day of 2009
awks if im the only one who remembers her... she was really popular back in last december/january time :/
If your into time travel, meet me last Tuesday
This is bullshit take care of your own kid last time I checked I'm big a parent
fucking hate that shit “@HoneyBtch: My boobs have been hurting for the last few days. It's almost that time -_-”
The year is about to end....checking off all my goals from this time last year, cant believe how i completed them all and then some.
Today is another great day, the last day of the year has to be the best time you spend. So that you have something good to remember ☺
Wasting time together, waiting for the night. And weekends last forever in this paradise.
Please, last time in 2011 (˘ʃƪ˘) (˘ʃƪ˘) please...
Yeyyyyyyy 31 December 2011 ! Today is last day in this year . Yey yey Me-Time nih nih nih -(˘▿˘)/ -(˘▿˘)- \(˘▿˘)-.
Woot! I got my last direct deposit from my last seasonal slave gig. Time to go coffee crazy!
Last time i checked im doing MY job.....What are YOUUUU DOING!
excuse me asshole but last time i checked i wasn't the one who grabbed your neck so fuck off. Im not the crazy one you are.
This time last year...I was in bed snoring
After This Last Time I'm Done!
It's the last day of 2011, make it a productive day and remember be at the right place at the right time with the right people!
Let me see what time the last Twilight showing..
Yo, when was the last time Spike Lee made a movie?
Cooking chili :) aint had dis sense idk last yr dis time
Can't tell yall tha last time I combed my hair .
Last Fnm 2011 finished... Today i play 2 standard 16-man whit top4 and lose each two time the final. Total 8w 1d 3l whit uw humans
I think that was the last time I eat a burrito at Chipotle
Hey, man, if you for some reason find yourself in SF with nothing to do tonight, you should come see me do Party of 2 for the last time.
When was the last time you thought of me... Or have you completely erased me from your memory. I often think about where i went wrong.
Lol your on facebook? Last time i checked people your age still plays with tamogotchis.
Good morning! Last day of 2011! Time to be... Senti? :))
Wasn't I just at the airport this time last week?!? Yet again I'm waiting ✈✈✈
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory..
Last day of 2011. this time tomorrow and i'll be so drunk or passed out haha! this time next year and tomorrow will be 2013 :O
First time to take a bath that didn't use hot shower! Oh, I realized today is the last day of the year.
"@IsThatSnow: Sensitivity is at a all time high yo...... y'all wouldn't last a day in my family yo...SMH"
last day of 2011 oml.. this year has gone so fast! amazing to think this time next year well all be dead..
Keenly aware of the amount of time that's passed since last seeing a spider.
AND I KNOW CAUSE WE WERE KIDS AND WE USE TO HANG. DID YOU HEAR YOUR FAVORITE SONG ONE LAST TIME. Young boys young girls ~
Can't believe its the last day of 2011 already. Where did the time go?
Always fuckin back and forth. News to my ears is something different than the last time. When will this be consistent...
In our last 24 hours of 2011, this time nxt yr we will all be talking about how we survived ;)
Dang it.. I'm losing to fine man. Last round.. let's go time to make a come back..
OMG how time flow by its the last day of 2011 we all might aswell injoy are selfs happy new year .
Last time me & this nigga went at it I told him what it was & all he had was "jokes" I know where you be @ my dude. ENY is BUT so big. Relax
Pulled in for Oregon's practice at UW same time the football team returned from the epic game last night vs. Baylor...
Bout to whip this stuff up, hopefully better than last time.
24 hours from now I'll be getting ready to go crazy for the last time in 2011
Here comes goodbye, here comes the last time, here comes the start of every sleepless night, the first of every tear I'm gonna cry.
I'm scared of having drunk people at my house from the last time.
i don't remember the last time i was this bored............... save me
It's the last Friday of the year...Its time to party like a rockstar
THIS IS THE LAST TIME I STEP THE 559 SOIL FOR A VERY LONG TIME MOVING BACK TO SOCALI IT WAS NICE FRESNO N VISALIA
Last time smoking is tonight. Had enough of it already
i dont remember the last time i had food delivered. im being that lazy
And so to bed for the last time in 2011....
Some power of humpin on that Spartacus on tv, why did I miss it last time ?
I hate when shes wit her mans n dnt say hi, dam last time when we by ourself you wasnt that shy
I'm a beast at scrabble. A very small, harmless beast. Like a kitten. I don't do much damage, and end up in last place by the time I'm done.
This time last yr I was comin home from  Thailand... :(
This time last year I made my twitter haha
I mean what can I do? I would go and stay with Richard but Judy won't have it. Not after last time.
Awkay this is the last day for me to stay at Grandma's. Now, it's time to packing!
Ive spent almost every minute of the day for the last month with 4dudes & 2 lil dudes! Need girl time! STAT!
Don't care about all this 2012 bein' the last year stuff.. Only God knows when time is up. & I for one can't wait 'til He calls me home. :)
Last Friday of 2011.. Time flies
Yea I remember da last time dis happened
When was the last time I was drunk? 4 hours
Can't remember the last time I went to sleep before 1
this time last year i was leaving from a free trip to Disney World preparing for Miami
“@SweetKissNKickz Aww... memory. This time last year :)”
tonight will be the last time I sleep in 2011.. night twitter!
last time i ask you to hangout..
THIS TIME LAST YEAR I WAS WORKIN
Crazy to think this time last year I was just leaving Nestlé. Life on fast forward is beyond weird, what can/should I aim to do by 2013?!
It's nearly 2012. 1997 was the last time Labour gave a yellow rubbery fuck about the working class. 15 year. Time to invent it all again.
Good morning! Just got home from accompanying Mom to the market. The last time I've done that was N years ago. LMAO
Can you put this in a good spot? Cause all of this shit happened the last time I parked here.
Last Friday, at this time I was in ER...  sigh
Today is our last day of 2011. Great time to reflect on what you are you thankful for that God has done.
Time for some sleep or I'll be napping on Westminster Bridge during the countdown tomorrow! Night all, make the last day of 2011 great :)
ive barely been home at all this week.. last time i slept in my bed was christmas
Hopefully getting my hair cut this week.. I cant even remember the last time it was cut, maybe last year in november, maybe!!
People are ALWAYS asking about my twitter name so for the last time...Elisia is my middle name...Ongaku means music in japanese.
You said that last time lol
Nothing Is Promised ,!'
I never promised you a ray of light, I never promised there’d be sunshine everyday. I’ll give you everything I have .the good the bad <3
I have to make it up to the job to take Tierra her book. I promised her
Tomorrow is never promised. Hug the ones you love everyday!
«@MKH_Wifey NOTHING is promised...»
new years resolution 1: Get a gf (promised last year dint really happen)
Tomorrow IS promised just maybe not for YOU .
TOMORROW IS NEVER PROMISED SO WHAT IM SAYING TO YOU TODAY IS TO BE USED FOR TOMORROW!!
Tomorrow is not promised so don't take advantage of TODAY !
something changed, idk what it is but something changed....the bad thing is you promised :/
Mom promised me an iPhone Yahoo
If You Love Somebody You Gotta Let Em' Kno , Tomorrow's Never Promised You Gotta Let It Show
cleaning out my closet.. i promised myself id get this room squikie clean :)
I didn't do any of the stoosh I promised myself I would :(
Tomorrow aint promised
I Promised My Momma Ima Make It To The Top , So Ima Keep Climbing Til My Heartbeat Stop < | 3 '
Appreciate watchu got , while its there.... Tomorrow is never promised
I promised not to drink anymore , but fuck that promise..lol
But we just ordered a Pizza Hut stuffed crust. If they aren't here at 8:30 like they promised I might actually do someone bodily harm.
My Father promised to supply all of my needs.
Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t.
I promised myself I wouldn't think about you...I broke it the first day... .Why do you keep doing this to me?
Cause tomorrow not promised !
if yu wanna change something about yourself do it now...whyy wait...tomorrow isnt promised anyway.
I treat everyday, like its my last. Tomarr's never promised.
Youu Promised Me Youu Would Never Change . . .
i promised myself that  i wouldnt call, cus i know what im doing aint good at all
Cherish your yesterday's, dream your tomorrows and live your today's. Tomorrow is not promised to anyone so live life to tha fullest :-)
Who haven't I seen that I promised a visit???????
The only thing promised in life is change
Youu Promised. . . .
Only thing promised is fed time
But I promised a patient's daughter I would call her with CT results tonight. They can't do the scan till 7 PM. :-(
I promised myself to never tlk to uu. Kinda hard, but ik i can qo the rest of todayyy
Stunt hard on these bytches I ain't promised tomorrow
NOTHING is promised...
Last night I got so high I swear I went to the moon , real niggas sence day 1 not promised day 2
Nothing is promised to me &&& you.  -Jagged Edge
i promised myself im not gone call or text him til he text or call me first thats when i know i crossed his mind ! -___-
feeling down, getting drunk as not slept in 4 days. Tryin to find how to blog as want to keep a diary. Promised self loads for day after tom
And that was the day I promised I'd never sing of love if it doesn't exist, but darling you are the only exception
I promised myself to eat boiled eggs later on
We not promised tomorrow. Don't go to sleep with something on your mind
You promised you'd be here so where are you now?
"@PS_iDoThis: But sh't you only live once. Tomorrow isn't promised."
I'm sleepy but I gotta take my brothers out like a promised I love those bitches
"@GurlPosts: Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t."
And as promised... When i go to New York in February i will buy something cool to do with Justin there and do a give-away for you guys!
It's funny how the people that hurt you the most, are the one's that promised they never would
I promised my shoe closet a new pair of aldo shoes. I have yet to keep the promise
Finally got the gift I promised myself
In that case, my back really has to be better tomorrow as I've promised my friend I'll go out. If it's not, could be a painful night.
Ỹ̷̬̩̊Ơ̴̴͡u̶̲̥̅̊ promised to be there buh Ỹ̷̬̩̊Ơ̴̴͡u̶̲̥̅̊ left wen ‎​ȋ̝̊̅ needed Ỹ̷̬̩̊Ơ̴̴͡u̶̲̥̅̊ most
Cherish what you have, Tomorrow's not always promised.
You promised me you would never change.
I Promised to give you me, The Real Me!
Sorry if I promised to follow you<|3 I will follow all those people tomorrow ! I followed too many today so it keeps saying forbidden x:
In 2012 I'll show more love to my 'loved ones' and tell them how much they mean to me because tomorrow isn't promised
havent even bought all the gifts i promised.. i've got some avoiding to do when im back
But I already promised the chick I would go to her mask party n didn't wanna break the promise.. If I say something I go thru wit it
Tomorrow is not promised, yesterday is gone, and today is here. Never make the same mistakes twice.
“@chickwoo: Gotta live for today cause tomorrow ain't promised to me”
I've promised to myself that i'll never make you disappointed :)  believe it!
Man your life really not promised. You could be gone in the next second....RIP Phil
But sh't you only live once. Tomorrow isn't promised.
“Global Warming can’t be real because if the ice caps melted, the earth would flood, and God promised Noah he wouldn’t do that again.” .....
you promised.
Feels like committing suicide right now...... but i promised my boyfriend i wouldn't
Live fa today 2morrow isnt promised
Tia can make breakfast for some dude but can't even make MY cookies she promised me? Smh. She abt to gt kicked off the bff boat.
Last New Year's, people promised me that 2011 would be MY year.  Those people are liars and are no longer my life coaches/psychics.
I promised you i'd never change , i ment that shit .
Okay I'm not a New Year's Resolution type but no more swearing, promised my mom! I'll find a creative way to express anger & frustration.
i promised myself that i wouldnt call
i promised key government officials money so that i can forward that information to the bank and he sent me an email at the earliest so
But I promised a client I would get their pic done tomorrow and I shall keep that promise!
never been to Paris, my cousin promised me a day trip there... but I think she forgot... i'll just wait till Louis takes me..
No day is promised . . .
Although I have promised not to doubt about you anymore, my heart tends to believe the other way round. :(
I'm living for da moment because tomorrow ain't promised
This semester I promised myself I'm not gonna put more on my plate that I can't handle therefore God has my back
ohh yeah . he got some words for yu ! aha ..&& yu PROMISED :( but we'll see when yu come back home .
omg Jacks mum is hilarious when she's drunk, she's promised me a mac and the whole of river island hahaha love her so much haha
Don't wait until the New Year to get something accomplished. Use EVERYDAY to do so. Tomorrow isn't promised.
'tomorrow is not promised' therefore make the most out of every moment you have.
pushed my bed in... that's like cleaning my room? promised W I'd eat real food... That'll prolly happen.
Silent broken records playing over .But you promised her next time you’ll show restrain .You don’t get another chance
2mrrw is SO NOT promised!!!! :-(  My aunt's boyfriend just passed!!!
victor bought me CD Germany, Year Zero, I think it's promised.
people still talkin about what they gon do in 2012  ,   how about you make it there first  , cus TOMARROW NOT PROMISED to everybody !
You can't trust freedom when it's not in your hand, when everybody's fighting for the promised land yeah...
Dentist tomorrow :-( but the letter in the post has promised me a goodie bag, so I'll go quietly..
Juz10, you promised us a twitvid so where da fuq is it?
To all those who say that they have no new years resolution, they have daily ones, there should be moments because a day isnt promised
Not being at this game is KILLING me. I promised myself I wouldn't miss a home game
Nothing is promised
I promised I wouldn't do anything stupid tonight so I'm not
uploading pics cos i promised becky even though im up for work in 6 hours. true friend
Promised if you get locked up il pay yo bond!
I promised myself id have my room tidy by the end of the night. I'm sat on the floor texting jasmine thinking wtf am I wearing tomorrow
The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness. -Havelock Ellis
They promised our car to be done in an hour. It's been almost eight.
I promised these kids the movies but Im sleepy as shit!
.@danielcaimi Drink that poison that Jesus PROMISED ALL BELIEVERS COULD DO, otherwise you are admitting you KNOW IT'S A FRAUD!
Remembering shit that you promised with your bestfriend along time ago >> lawl
Life is not promised. Smh
Tomar is not promised so live ur life!
Real nigga since day one cause im not promised day two
I have so many auditions and covers that I promised but never got to. LOL
I promised one of my late friends I won't let my anger control my actions tonight reminded me of that promise
They Say Nothings Eva Promised Tomar Today
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I’m with you, it all seems worth it ♥
you promised me whatever is going to happen I'll never le+ you go but where are you?
Im no Angel but if I stay covered by the Blood, The Word has promised me a Heavenly home.
I was promised a Volcom jacket for Christmas. I got £40 that's like not even a sleeve luv
Nothn/No1 is promised to us,luv those who luv u&appreciate those who appreciate u. Sometimes u gotta love/appreciate those who don't show u?
I hear a lot of sht bout him . But we promised we wouldn't give up on each other !
If my choices cause you pain, may you also know the love of my highest intentions, the hope promised in our connections.
Promises are meant to be broken. Just like how you've promised me.
I know tomorrows not promised and that, but still!!!
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I’m with you, it all seems worth it .
In life nothing is promised except death,live, love, ASAP!
Greatt, so if the world's gonna end on Sunday I didn't even get what you promised* me.. </3
I made a PAC with the Devil. I promised to workout at the gymnasium using only gravity an my body weight. Thanks. Jan here I come.
I promised myself I wouldn't do that again
But I'll never let you go  .If you promised not to fade away  .Never fade away
and you are my reason why; .You convinced me to let you in my soul . . . .And you promised you would never lie.
wen u fight fix it neva go 2 bed mad! wen u argue make up & when u love someone never go a day without telling them b/c ur not promised 2mar
you promised you'd never forget. I hope you keep your word.
I've promised myself that next year im not going to be so lazy, and I'm going to make effort to talk to people and actually text them back.
That all expenses paid one-day splurge gift promised in Samoa for December 31 really turned out to be a bust.
hmmmm Justin promised us a twidvid...when will we receive our present ...
And I remember it Like it was just yesterday, you promised me you'd Never hurt me. I don't know if you meant to, but You broke your promise
Its da lil shyt that we complain about.. Death kan b around da corner or even on ur doorstep.. Live for today, for tomorrow is NOT promised.
Ok as promised...LET'S START THIS QUIZ!!...
“@GurlPosts: Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t.”
booked our flight those years ago, .i said i love you as i left you, .regrets still haunt my hollow head .I promised you, i would see you again
Yall Niggas Tlkiin Bout What Yall Gone Dew In The New Year... Yuh Gotta Make Iht There First! Everyday Aint Promised.
Have fun in the promised land
Allah has promised to those among you who believe and work righteous deeds,that He will surely grant them succession upon the earth...24:55
I promised my body that if it just made it through spring id give it a couple years off of running
I promised myself I wouldn't attend anymore of Atlantic City events ...
'Tomorrow is not promised to any one'
Nothing in life is promised except death. Every soul tastes death..make sure you're ready.
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said. Jim Rohn
SO WE FOUGHT LIKE TOMORROW WAS PROMISED
2mar ain't promised so y um still alive to anybody da cares I'm telln ya goodbye
TOMORROW NOT PROMISED DONT YOU FORGET THAT ...
U promised me u would never change!!!
- I promised myself I wouldn't fall in love unless it was the guy of my dreams .
i promised myself i wouldnt do this again.. :'(
I beg your pardon, I never promised you a rose garden
How can 2012 be 'your year'? It could be the year you pass away. Only thing promised to you in life is death.
although it's been a rough year,  and the next isn't promised, God of thank you for everything anyway......
Grateful for every moment I have with my family cause tomorrow isn't promised
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I’m with you, it all seems worth it
“@__NOcomparison MF'S ALWAYS COMPLAINING ABOUT SOMETHING DAM BITCHES NEED TO ENJOY LIFE WHILE THEY HERE TOMORROW IS NOT PROMISED!”
You can't waste days that aren't promised worrying about people that could care less that they're in your life.
awe man... My ride or die wanted to spend new years with me but I already promised my baby I was spending it with him
WMU is going to run out of players before the end of the first half. Duke must have promised tea and crumpets to the ref's after the game.
I dont hate you, im just dissapointed because you turned out to be everything you promised you'd never be
MF'S ALWAYS COMPLAINING ABOUT SOMETHING DAM BITCHES NEED TO ENJOY LIFE WHILE THEY HERE TOMORROW IS NOT PROMISED!
You promised me you would never read my mind..
My mamma gone be mad I promised her I would come to Charleston right after work but she gone have to wait til Tomorrow morning to see me..
I won't worry about the future bcuz I'm alive right now tomorrow is never promised I'll jus make sure me n my son r good each n everyday
“You promised you’d pretend to love me until I died, and instead you’re pretending I’m dead.”
RT"@LightSkinLeek: Took 21 years to realize for my self that nothing is promised but death..til then I'ma live to the absolute fullest™"
Promised myself I wouldn't cry...oh, wait, too late.
It's funny how the people that hurt you the most, are the one's that promised they never would.
Soo ima have to stay up all nite kuz i promised him.=P Fakk it. I hav nothin better to do lol
Took 21 years to realize for my self that nothing is promised but death..til then I'ma live to the absolute fullest™
Although we look forward to next year. Remember tomorrow is not promised. Commit this day to the Lord &  Let your living be pleasing to him.
That awkward moment when Bruno Mars misses the grenade he promised to catch and it destroys a small village in New Orleans
i promised a friend id do this so what for my next tweet cuz its a lot
And don't you give up on me. I never promised it'd be easy, just that it was worth it.
If my mum does not buy me 20 fags tomorrow like she promised she would I'm gonna be so angry
You promised me.
Oh I promised fangirling about 4x13 for today. Erm, sorry for not writing it earlier. So.
ive learned to value everyday b/c tomorrow is not promised !
Never got the back massage  was promised. Now I gotta get someone else to do it. i
If you love somebody tell them because tomorrows not promised!
Tweeting way too much right now I promised I was gona quit that :(
` but he promised he will NEVER do no shit like that ;(
I promised myself, not a tear.
Second chances aren't promised..
I want a bob; but I promised myself...no more weave until my birthday:(
Real Bitch Since Day 1 Cause I Ain't Promised Day 2 - Tunechi
Just at a lost for word's, steady tryna pick up the pieces...Im promised myself I would never go through this again SMFH
I promised you I'd stay? Welcome to reality, promises are broken everyday.
I'am what all the other boys promised to be.
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, and for some reason when I'm with you it seems all worth it.
No time 2 wait cause 2morrow aint promised
fuuuck everybody that promised me something & i haven't seen shxt yet !
-Wayne Dyer : "Go for it now. The future is promised to no one."
She Promised She Would Never Hurt Me...Smh...
24hours of 2011, I promised myself I'd tell someone how I feel this year, and haven't. Fail. Ne'ermind.
Nothin is promised to me and you so why would we let this thang go.
RT- Even though I promised myself I won't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I’m with you, it all seems worth it.
Nobody said it'd be easy... They just promised it'd be worth it
Gotta go,I promised my baby brother I'd read him a fairytale^^
I promised myself that I wasn't doing this again andd I'm not,  so you can look stupid all you want!  I'm finally done
Watching people leave is hard . But it's harder remembering that time when they promised the wouldn't .
i need a break, from everything that you made me go through for you, what you promised me, and never did. i guess i need a break from you.
PEOPLE TODAYS NOT PROMISED TO A THING ON THIS PLANET...PRAY PRAY PRAY AND BE THANKFUL
I promised I'd think without using my heart... I just don't want to regret my decision...
I promised I'd never fall again.
Life's too short... U shud make sure u let everyone kno u love them ..2moro ain promised.
I think I know who satan is. I promised I wouldn't tell though
lets fuck, lets get tatted, lets get high.. Lets enjoy life. we only live it once... live it up to the fullest. tmrw ain't promised to nobdy
I never promised you alienate are never simple mind I'm only lying sense because it gave me but as I say peel
Be Thankful For What You Got In Life Not What You Need In Life Cherish Every Moment In Your Life&Everybody Because 2marrow Aint Promised.
watching people leave is hard, but remembering when they promised they wouldn't ever is even harder.
Your life isn't promised , so live it up !
though i promised myself to sleep earlier but i could not .. 01:10am .Mom will be back tomorrow and I hope to wake up before she's home ..
But yet i promised myself i wouldnt....
The worst feeling is people giving up on you when they promised they never would. How can you trust anyone when the one person you thought..
I have promised myself i'm going to meet justin in 2012.
Restructuring again. For good, promised.
I feel like I'm gonna do shit I promised myself I'd never do tomorrow night haha
My friend promised me to send me a birthday card. I can't wait. :)
I Promised Ricky and Milly I'ma Kill It
Cosign !"@Strokes_Montana: Everybody talking about 2012 like we all promised to make it there."
I´m gonna post a personal imagine that I promised :)
*Has promised to be at least lurk mode tomorrow until after then.....*
I don't know where my motivation fell off. I promised myself when I got hurt I wouldn't stop exercising. It all changes
Da ONLY thing promised is death......keep all dat other shit
Finally reached the Promised Land - Jamba Juice in denver airport
Niggas jus out here living like they KNOW tomorrows promised...think again!
Been in the background way too long! It's my time to shine! This new season in my life will be full of what God promised!.....I Got Next!
we are only given today and never promised tomorrow... so be sure to tell someone you love them.
Todays A New Day ,Tell Me Where Are My Blue Skies .. Where Is The Love And The Joy You Promised Me ?
The only thing we promised in LIFE is DEATH
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today
Nothing in life is promised , except Death.
i promised him i would stay off of twitter until after his game sooo buh bye for now monsters (:
Nothing is promised .
Live For Today Cuz Tomorrow Is Not Promised.!
mom and pops are goin to HHGregg , they better come back w. the tv they promised me.
Promised to buy me a laptop, but when I bring it up she starts yelling.
I promised myself too many times that I wouldn't say this because it sounds like bullshit but I am really gonna start fresh in 2012.
Dear 2012, I want my jetpack. We were promised stuff like that in 2012, time to start delivering I think. Lots of love, me.
tomorrow is promised to no one. i hope everyone takes something from this. my heart goes out to his familyy :(
FINALLY GETTING MY BELLY BUTTON PIERCED TOMORROW YAY, been waiting since August. Promised myself I'd do it before 2012!
everybody is not promised to you .
Promised if he get locked up imma come and pay his bond
Nothings promised but a grave yard
People I dont have the time to hang with always look at me && say the same shit. You promised me you would never change.
I got asked out for New Years Eve, but I promised my cousin I'd babysit for her, proper depressed :(
you promised me you'll never change.
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow that you have today
Yes they just promised me a summer job :D
The fact I can just do stuff, nothing is promised in this life. Something I've found out.
I always worry bout falling off i just be mindful of it nothing is promised
If yall know yall need to make some changes, I hope yall working on them now...because January 1st is not promised
I promised my mom I wouldnt get in any kind of trouble tonight o: .
know I promised you forever. .Is there no stronger word I can use
just thought about that promised i made . .>
Going out to eat with my dad. Some girl at my school father passed today. Don't take ppl for granted. 2mrws never promised!
This morning I promised my infant son that this would be the first and last Christmas I ever expose 4r9TQ
Why when a new year is almost here people all of sudden wanna change...how about you do it now ..a new year is not promised ...#JustSaying
Nothing in life is promised except death.
"God Ddnt Promise Life W/o Pain,Lauqhter W/o Sorrow,Sun W/o Rain,But He Promised Strnqth For The Day,Comfort For The Tears,&LiqhtForTheWay''
131. Has Tyler promised Big Bob enlightenment if he spends sixteen hours a day wrapping bars of soap?
Real Niggah Since 1, Cause I Aint Promised Day 2
Newt has promised Palin a top position in his administration!
Yesterdays Gone, Today Is A Blur, Tomorrows Never Promised!
Everybody talking about 2012 like we all promised to make it there.
Only thing promised in [life] is [death]... Live everyday to the fullest cus u never know when it's ur last...
This 11 year old has had 6 jobs already &now I promised him if he doesn't drink be4 the age of 15 I'll bring him to America when I get big
I wonder how long we're gonna be out here... I promised my sissy I'd visit next time I was out this way lol
James I'm ur biggest fan.... I promised myself before I die I'm goin to meet u lol.... Happy new years and goodluck on Sunday!!
I have been promised: There will be tequila. In the village. What could possibly go wrong?
all i can say is , tomorrow aint promised to NOBODY .. live every day like its your last because you don't know what God has planned for you
"Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t."
Totally forgot "@prettyfresh95: All guys dat promised me 1 tin or d oda y'all shud fulfill dem nw OoO"
Nothing is ever promised tomorrow, Nothing lasts forever!
Pop Pop before you got sick you promised me youd finish this. Now that you dont even know who I am, Im gonna finish this for you. I love you
the pride I feel for finally fingering my father's killer is dampened only by the fact that I promised to kill my father's killer
Just watched Super8, good(ish) but didn't quite deliver what it promised or what I expected but def better than the crap on TV atm...
RT"@ArAb_TGOP: Only thing promised is death"
All bullshit aside now its time to be honest. I fear no man for death is all thats promised
“@ArAb_TGOP Only thing promised is death”
Nothing is promised to me & you<3
In my mind, looking for a guy who is promised money doesn't mean that much to me because I plan on making more than him anyways! lol
God has promised some things in the new year.
When they promised "No more dishpan hands," I didn't think they were going to cut them off.
“@ArAb_TGOP: Only thing promised is death”
I would let it all go but I promised myself I wouldn't give up anymore
I should go buy my new laptop tonight but I promised myself I'd wait & I'll never break promises to myself. ;-)
I don't deserve this shit..you promised..
We live day by day not year by year... no full year is promised or a single day...
Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn't.
Where is the love & the joy that you promised me tell me its alright .
"I think I know what you've been asking me .I think you know what I've been trying to say .I promised I would never leave you"
RT"@xSimplyQuotes: Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t."
"As long as we're promised tomorrow, I promise you today."
“@xSimplyQuotes: Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t.”
Watching people leave is hard. But it’s harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn’t !
The Future: they promised jet packs and flying cars. Instead, we got unlimited cat videos and Foursquare check-ins at the Walmart.
Yes you are right, I have been promised one for the new year. Hope you are well. Happy New Year. .Chris
Seriously? "The cake is a lie: roughly translates to "your promised reward is merely a fictitious motivator""
Watching people leave is hard. But it's harder remembering that time when they promised they wouldn't.
got no time to waste, cause tomorrow's not promised
I hate feeling like  I've Done something wrong.  : /  You never called me today when you promised you would. Maybe Tomorrow.
Kynda fucked how tomorrows not promised but death is
tbh if my mum doesnt hurry up with the dinner she promised to cook me im not gonna be hungry when i comes and then she'll be pissy
“@cheyrutland: Most people become the person they promised they would never be” word.
The only thing that's promised in life is death
I promised I would never leave you And you should always know Wherever you may go No matter where you are I will never be far away
the next two days are about to be full of work...and I promised myself that I wasn't going to end up doing everything last minute -____- lol
Boss promised me yesterday dat i will be getting my van today after a heart to heart talk wif him. I juz hope dat he keep his word.
promised that I will connect to social networks but fails
Tomorrow isn't promised
....but you promised
Nothing in life is promised but death.
You promised me, you would never change.
- i was givenn todayy , but not promised  to be here tomarrow .. so i just wasnna say I lovee youu <3
i have no new years resolution... tomorrows not promised... all i kno is when my court situation thru its time to get on my grind
you promised me you'd never hurt me... you lied
Family Luke, you promised
I wont I Promised you! I don't break those!
If Jay-Z has a daughter will he name her Brooklyn Carter like he promised in Hello Brooklyn?
We came from nothing, but promised one thing. We'd change the world with these guitars <3
Have fun while you can , tomorrow isn't promised .
Sure Do Wish I Had My Salad I Was Promised ..
..and I promised to serve king prawns at the new years eve dinner party I'm hosting tomorrow.. GRUMPY. Or no, more like PANICKING or ANXIOUS
(cont.)... .to be genuine, .he will receive . the .crown of life .that .God .promised to those .who love HIM. .-James 1:12
dang. i promised a lot of people i'd get into a sport next year.. crap next year is in TWO DAYS.. & i STILL don't know what sport, AHH! o:
Eating dinner with mi familia, watching Dirty Dancing, and I've been promised a strawberry daiquiri.  Muy Bueno :D
I know I promised some friends & family I wouldn't buy any more shoes & technically I didn't buy them bc I had store credit!
Tomorrow is not promised....
“@bigbooty_judyX: .., tomorrow ? Who promised you tomorrow ? Better choose the lord TODAY !!!”
Listen...do you want to know a secret...do you promised not to tell...closer...let me wisper in your ear...i'm inloved with you!!!
I dont take anything for granted.... Tomorrow is never promised . So i dont complain.
After watching The Last Exorcist I promised I'd NEVER watch another exorcist movie &then I watched The Rite BUT never again.
I feel the need to say what I do... its gonna be out there soon, just scared of what people will think of me. I promised I'd stop ages ago:/
As tired as I am. I must make it to church tonight. I promised myself to go every night.
I promised myself last night was the last night of smoking for me..
As promised another pic of my bum! lol xx
Promised my mum I am going to London for New years eve next year. don't even care.
But you promised me it would be safe.. .You broke that promise, Terra..
i promised my nieces and nephews that one day uncle reggie will be able to get them anything they want
Omg im running out of hair products I promised ppl .grr
PROMISED my family tht NO ONE will babysit my child until they have a CPR certification lol def can DPJ
Rt "@ArAb_TGOP: Only thing promised is death"
We Were Promised Jetpacks
promised my mum to put my clothes away but theres still a pile of clothes at the end of my bed *no pun*
If you haven't wondered yet, why I didn't reply to tweets. I decided to have a short trip to London. Gonna reply tomorrow, promised
I promised myself I was gonna work hard and be successful..... I'm glad to say I'm doing just that
i promised jacara i want going to any parties tommorow, i just might do church .
I think of how you promised me 'forever'
nothings ever promised tomorrow today..
& I heard em' say ... nothings ever promised tomorow today
stunt hard on these bitches, i aint promised tommorow.
Tomorrow ain't promised . I just learned that the hard way .
I promised him i'll be there thru whatever no matter what, and i'm still here.
I promised myself I wasn't drinking until tomorrow. Guess what?? I lied
WAIT A MINUTE! my brother promised me he would take me shopping whenever and wherever I want and buy anything I want, WOOOO!
real niggas since day1 cuz iaint promised day2
LIFES 2 SHORT 2 BE UNHAPPY SO FIND SOMETHIN OR SOME1 THAT MAKES U HAPPY. ITS ABOUT 2 BE 2012. NO1S PROMISED 2MORROW!!!
Tommorrow is not promised, so live one day at a time
love life cuz It's not promised.
Here comes my promised year... 2012!! I See U!!
You promised you would.....but you just broke that promise.....BYE. K.
He will be mine I promised God that
I almost forgot the promised QI fact!
the new year's not even promised . wasting time planning for what's Sunday when you could start today .
Yes 2011 is almost over not gonna say I mad it through because 2mm is not promised to no one
why put off what you can do today for tmw, tmw ain't promised
Shit everybody happy fa 2012 im thankful i made it this far in 2011, praying god keep me here till see 2012....everyday isnt promised`
Only thing promised in life is death
Whatever. You know I'm getting jipped out of a birthday. Don't even get me started freal because you fucking promised me $700.
This sounds like an anime “Akisame__: my brother rejected me. even though he promised that he'd marr80bq
Still no phone call as promised.
"@ArAb_TGOP: Only thing promised is death"
That's why I'd rather the world to end, I wanna be with my parents In the promised land along with my sister <3
Tomorrow is never promised so thinking twice can be your ticket to the next day!
i never finished that mistletoe video i promised i would.. and christmas is already over :[
waiting for my King....haha he promised..we shall see...
Reminder 4 2012: God would not create u for failure. You r chosen, called, gifted & promised fulfillment of ur life mission.
“@ArAb_TGOP Only thing promised is death”#facts
going to sleep at 12 promised myself
Only thing promised is death
My cousin has promised to bring me back a bottle of Butterbeer (if they sell that) when she goes to WWOHP! Woooo!
why wait until 2012 to change, when the time is Now..Tomorrow isnt Promised!!
Tomorrow's never promised to anyone so live for today with no regrets and try things you want to try so you never think what if.
It's so early but i promised I would bring you to ur door
if you say you'll change in 2012 chances are you wont... dont wait for a new year - Make whatever Change NOW (you arent promised a tomorrow)
guess that means i'm not getting a reply then:/ you promised nothing would change:(</3
"Are you still upset? You promised me you weren't!" -my brother. Gonna make a great husband someday!
I really wish oomf would come see me like he promised..
"@demitwoshoes: I hope you know that when it's late at night I hold on to my pillow tight & think of how you promised me forever."
Most people become the person they promised they would never be
just realised i didn't do a follow friday as i promised. 25 mins. GO D:
I hope you know that when it's late at night I hold on to my pillow tight & think of how you promised me forever.
oh, so becky's promised to give me my new years kiss..awwww
Next year, I have promised myself that I will give away more lemon bars than I eat. You're welcome, in advance, New York City.
Cuties are damn good, just as promised by their commercials. Commercials and addictions to fruit are things I can stand behind.
Russell and myself have promised to remain firm friends but the spiritual and physical connection between Katy and I, was too strong to deny
That One Time I got Hurt I promised MySelf I Wouldn't Let It Happen Again.!
BUT I WAS PROMISED TEA!
, love is never promised but neither an I
Isn't it ironic how the people who hurt you are also the same people who promised they would NEVER do anything to hurt you?
Real nigga since day one cause i aint promised day Two
If your only thinking bout today because "Tomorrow isn't promised" you ain't getting nowhere tomorrow- VictoriaAnguiano.
What the fuck, Eurosport, I was promised France, not Italy.
You promised me forever....
It's funny how the ppl who hurt you the most, are always the ones that promised they never would >.<
Making the most out of tonight cause tomorrow isn't promised
Has anyone ever wondered y we never got our 40 acres we was promised???
It's funny how the people that hurt you the most, are the ones that promised they never would.
Once I figure out that change is needed within me, I start trying to work on it then! Tomorrow is not promised.
I promised myself I wouldn't cry... Lol. I needa stop doing that.
I promised you ❤
one hunind since day 01 cause ain promised day 02
I promised myself that I wouldn't do that immature ass screen shot shit to prove a point to no bitch bout ANY nigga
You promised me you would never change ..
Dam u promised ha next year too lol
When I woke up this morning and promised myself I'd write, I meant "bowl," right? Yeah, probably.
nobody aint finna mess up 2012 for me , cause 2013 aint promised for me .
promised to hold on.
Tomorrow isn't promised to anyone...
I'll never step out. I promised you that. It's yours I'm yours. Real shit.
All this MVP talk has reminded me I'm still waiting on an (unnamed) supplier who promised me a lic so I can support their users for free...
So I promised myself that if my mother is proud of my grades in the end I'm letting myself see ms hill live. Until then, WORK!
real nigga since day 1 cuz i aint promised day 2
Don't know how else to cope. I promised myself never to shed a tear because of a broken heart
Live Life to the Fullest, Tomorrow is Never Promised
welcome to the promised land, bros.
Real nigga since day 1 cuz I ain't promised day 2
& i heard 'em say nothings ever promised tomorrow today .
I promised myself I wasn't gonna cry!!!! -_-!
You promised me you would never change...
Promised my mom I will never drink again after tomorrow
I'll be in the house today , but tomorrow is not promised...
"Where I was born, nothing is promised. My life is filled with less hope than the prophecies of Nostradamus." -Pras
Idc if I push the mixtape back a few days, I know I promised the 1st. But its just not ready, I'm not gonna drop something that's not 100%.
Only thing I'm promised is death
As promised new fucking song tonight. Just fucking wait.
and that coach promised me subway
I am now putting all my celebrity relationship faith stuff in Beyonce and Jay Z. Maybe they'll stay true to the forever they promised.
Sorry I never did the tinychat I promised the other night... I was busy): maybe we can do a new years one (:
Real nigga since day one, cause I ain't promised day two.
never go to bed fighting with anyone you love, life is too delicate, tomorrow's never promised.
Nothings ever promised tomarrow today. <3.
I promised myself that i'll be sober when entering the New Year....
For real you can go at anytime, live your life tomorrow's not promised.
I promised that I wouldn't read any Neil Gaiman until finishing Anna Karenina, but it's a book of short stories, sooooo...
Surprise surprise.  911 memorial won't be ready by next year's memorial as promised.  Democrat run city, what can ya expect?
Live for today because tomorrow is'nt promised !!!
Hunter just promised me an 80s themed prom. So happy.
LIFE TO SHORT TOMORROW IS NOT PROMISED IF YOU GOT KIDS GO HARD FOR THEM IF U DON'T HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF!!!
I hate when Goalies freeze the puck all the time. Irving seems to do that .
Don't you hate it when your hair is still wet from the shower and then you pull it forward and it makes a wet patch on your boobs? same
I hate when plp know some bad &' want to fuck up my happiness
One of my friends on facebook just joined one of the facebook groups "I hate it when people join pointless groups for no reason". Idiot.
I know u want it just as bad as me, hate when ppl try to stunt
I hate it when i watch series online and all of a sudden it doesn't work anymore!
RT "@machinegunKELSI: I love it when you give me heeeaaaadd, I hate it when you give me headaches"
i hate when people constantly bring up shit from the past... move on.
I hate when i tell a nigga " i go with somebody " they say -- " so, he aint gotta know " Fuck outta here with THAT shit.
I want women to cry and put out they heart for me... And tell me how much they hate it when they apart from me..
Ehh, I hate when people drive slow... 30mph really ??? This shit really burning me up inside...
hate the fact that i was only a kid when bellamy came on this estate to see his mate :(
I know Kendahl hate when I'm mad at him & be cussing him out. I be snapping lol.
i hate when i think of moments wishing i could re-live it over and over again
i hate when bitches ask who yu tlk to who you go wit i just laugh then i ask them why yu wanna know this ???,.......
I used hate when she left ..
I hate when people ask stupid fucking questions like "what you going do in the mall" -____- ......ride a unicycle
I hate when people make the captions on pictures"_______ told me to" .or "Because _______"
I hate it when people are mad at me.
I hate when people I don't know send me a message on Facebook a bunch of times asking if I remember them... I DON'T REMEMBER YOU!!!!
I hate the days when work makes it impossible to complete a workout I was looking forward to.
I hate it when weirdo's voxer me!!!!
i hate when my hoes don't know there place ' like dang , get it together :
I hate when people have a bad day and take it out on you.
I hate when he do that shit ! :/
I hate when I have to turn all the lights off downstairs and I have to run dead quick up the stairs so the dark doesn't catch me.
Hate it  WHEN YOUR IN THE CAR SLEEPING AND THE PRESON DRIVING SLAMES ON THE BREAKS. AND YOUR ALL LIKE O_________0 #&#&#&#*'))#)
I hate when people call their son's their "lil nigguh"! That is not cute.
wtf ? i been to the mall 2 tims this week and still aint get shit . smh i hate when people rush me . like i neeeda go shoppin by myself
I hate when my phone gets sticky and my finger wont slide across it
I hate when plans change. Or when people ditch.
Man I hate it when I see bald mufuckas in tha barbershop.. like wtf is you doing?
I hate when people say Ima do this and that in 2012... You still gone be doin the same shit. U might just grow ul a lil...
I hate when people say ”nothin better than..”
I hate when I text people they never text back but when they text me they expect a reply
I would hate to work in this water tower especially around the holidays when all the nigglets get paid
I hate when guys dap me up.
I hate driving in the rain when its dark
Damn I hate it when I forget to put on... :-X
I hate when people are a waste of prettyness lol
I really hate these awkward moments especially when my phone is about to die... no way of avoiding this one!
I hate when people don't follow simple instructions
I hate when my phone dnt charge rite
"@girlposts: The only thing worse then being hated is being ignored. At least when they hate you they treat you like you exist."
Hate screaming kids behind you when you eat!!! So frkn annoying best part, parents don't care aagghh being with your daughter priceless ")
I hate it when youre watching a movie with someone and they ruin the ending for you. Thanks.
“@LeeSofargone: “@TezziorDie: Finna Mind Fuck His Ass..” but whytho lol”..cause these Guys hate when I get real wit they ass
I Hate When I'm Having A Serious Conversation With Somebody And Then They Say "Lol" -___-
I hate when people lie about simple shit I wanna be like really.....
I hate when I get blisters on the back of my ankle omfg
I Love When You Give Me Head , I Hate It When You Give Me Headaches !
"@soupzygz: Also I hate when niggas die over whores"  -__-
I hate when these kids are over . .
I hate when your around a bunch of Spanish friends & your the only English one & all there speaking is straight Spanish 
hate it when girls put a photo up and say 'hair is a mess' or 'no make up on' thats great what do you want a fucking medal?
I hate boys. Specially when I like them but they a holes!!!!! That really aggravates me
i hate when people tell me i can't do something, sit your ass down, shut the fuck up, and mind your damn business
i hate when i see one of my friends on my tl flirting w/ somebody i talk to or use to talk to. lol
I hate when I'm out in the country and my phone cuts out.
I hate when I send a long message, and the person only replies to that one unimportant part.
I hate when I sink into a deep thought because I lose track of what I'm suppose to be doing
I hate when you hiccup and all you can taste is beer
I hate when people try to make trending topics out of random stuff! Like that topic will NEVER trend! Lol
"@DamnItsTrue: You always hate school and bad talk it, untill the last day before graduation - when you never want it to end."
I hate when ppl take jobs that require English but they fuckin can't speak English. That shit so annoying
i hate it when some people say "if you don't love selena, you're not a belieber cause justin loves her" like STFU! there's nothing like that
But I hate when people are sarcastic to me. Lol
i HATE when people make plans & then don't follow through with them with no reason why
i hate it when you see someone post a funny tweet, and you're like aha, totally gonna RT that.. then you realise they protect their tweets.
I hate that feeling I get when I'm over something.
hate when ppl butt dial you and all you hear (on top of you saying "hello,helloo,hellooo") is loud noise !
I hate when I asked someone what's wrong and they tell me a damn story. Like I really dgaf, why couldn't you just say "nothing"
I hate being home alone when its night time :(
When people steal your nicknames for people, words etc < smfh i hate that shit.
I HATE hearing noises when im here alone he need to come on! Aint nobody playin with him!!
I hate it when my my brother leaves me home alone with my mom -_-
I really hate when people stare like tf_-
This is why I don't mind Rollin solo... I HATE waiting on other people ESPECIALLY when they say be ready for a certain time...
I hate when we are like this
Every yr ppl say they hate the previous yr and believe that the next yr is gonna be "their yr" but when it isn't,they hate that year too
I hate when my phone on the charger, I feel like I'm trapped in a corner
I hate when those dumb things follow me !
I just hate it when I get in bed and it feels Soooooo Good and soon after I remember I have to get up n do something hahaha
I hate it when......  (⌣́_⌣̀)
I hate when people answer my question with a question.
RT@AVOXO_Lorax I hate when people call me in the middle of my tweets or texts”
I hate when I'm downstairs falling asleep on the sofa & remember no-one's carrying me upstairs to bed so I wake up =(
Hate it when a bitch act like their fart don't stink.
I want to retweet a lot of Mariah's stuff but I hate when on my TL all I see is another mf rt all of another followers shit. So not going to
I hate it when people who have only watched like, only three of One Direction's videos and claim that they're directioners. Gtfo.
Pet Peeve: I HATE when people ” kay” me.. I find it rude & disrespectful.
I hate it when people don't use proper grammar.
I hate when ppl who know jack squat about fashion buy things for the sake of having it or being apart of the "cool club"
I so hate when these fones freaking out..I cud wet dem asses down..* Freak out then*...
I hate when my hand falls asleep -__-t
I hate when I'm "talking" to someone and they say one thing and do the other. keep your word, don't change it up.
i hate it when i can't enjoy my life because assignments and exams are bugging me at the back of my mind.
He hate when I sit down too long!
I hate when little kids be on my ipad for a long time....I try to be nice but they be killing my battery
31st* - LOL, i hate when i make typos..
I hate when my shirts rip every time I flex.
I hate when people have fcking cheap head phones and you can hear they music when you are around them.. cheap bitch
I hate the first of the month when i have to give the grove my money so I have somewhere to live :/
Hate it when the most important texts don't seem to get through!
I hate it when people talk to me about their ex's i couldn't give a fuck
Hate people when lie over dumb stuff.
Hate It When She Cry
I hate When my phone is under 50% and I'm out and about
oh I hate when my mentions get spammed with offers for "free giftcards" and "a chance to win an ipad2" no gtfo
I hate when people complain ALL the time , if YOUR life is sooo bad , IMPROVE yourself so you can improve YOUR life .”
i hate when a mf juss stay askin me questions
I hate when my mom thinks shes funny when clearly she's not. Your the only one laughing mom!!
Mad that you don't have a job, hate your job when you do.
When I Know Something Is Wrong I Feel It In My Gut && I Hate That.....
I HATE when people bring their babies into a movie theater.
you will all hate it when i no longer care.
i hate when someones mad at me but won't fucking tell me why -_-
hate when i'm in an argument and the person try to put all the blame on me !
I hate 140 word limit, it means I have to sink very low when it comes to spelling and grammar.
when you clean and realize that when everyone wants to call you . i hate that shiddd
I hate when I see a mosquito in my room and then I try to kill it, but it disappears.
I hate when ode is high
Ugh, I hate it when my mom decides to tell embaressing (how do you spell that word!?) stories about me when I was a baby -_-
I hate when ppl spit while they tlk
I hate when sumbody call MY phone for sumbody other than me.
Man I hate when I put something on my lap when I'm sitting down and then forget when I stand up and drop it! Smh. There goes my new screen.
I hate when my momma act extra mad at me but answer the phone like nothing never happened, & once she get back off the attitude back on
I hate when people put a "z" after thier word exp: lolz like really!? ha
I hate when im excited to tell someone something & they dont answer then call back hours later then I'm like nothing nvm smh.
I hate when peoole avoid a simple question..”
I hate when girl's personality makes them unattractive.
I hate when parents wont let me know if i can do something until the last sec. I cant wait until i can just drive everywhere
I hate when folks play on my intelligence !
I hate it when mfs get too comfortable.
I hate when people look at me like they never seen a fucken person before
When Love turns to Hate shit can get ugly
I Hate When My Step Dad Comes Down Here . His Like Another Kid . Fuck !
I hate it when people say we are going to die in 2012, like shut the fuck up
Don't u hate when somebody owe u money but they always got somethin new smh
I hate it when people greet me by shaking hands... >:(
I hate it when girls lie to their friends. "Like oh you look so pretty" when really she HIT.
I hate when people try and sit all close to you on the bus!
I fuckn hate when I'm sick. I can never eat and literally lose SO much weight.
I hate when my parents don't let me out, I totally wish I was going to Austin's party tonite
«@___NothnLikeHer I hate when I wanna retweet something but the person page is private !»
Uggh, I hate when people wear nice shirts with ugly belts and shoes. petpeeveq49KB7
I hate when girls say they not gone suck dick...I guess you just gone be single for the rest of yo life then lol
I hate it when my bestfriends are at my house and they start wispering stuff and when you ask them what there talking about they say nothing
i hate when people do shit that irritate me it jus puts me ina bad mood
I hate when people tweet or make fb statuses that say "I need a massage"
I hate when them eggs mention me
I hate people that get mad at others when they are the blame for  putting themselves in fucked up positions.
I hate when you go to the store and they sold out of what you need
I hate when half way grown teenagers still act like young teenagers! That annoys me to death
I hate when people say there gonna change but I'm pretty sure if your the same at 11:59 your gonna be the same at 12:00.
I hate when little kids try to get at me. Bro you're like 10 leave me alone.
:( I hate when I leave work feeling like this ... Sucks when your boss is your father.
I hate when eggs tweet me -___-
I hate it when people act like there cool. drugs aren't cool, and if you do them your as cool as the devil, and that's NOT cool AT ALL -_-
Red or Blue pill, what whould u choose? When the same ones you love got hate in they blood
I hate when I'm dolled up and I see no one attractive , but when I'm make-up free and bumming it . .bGmWXc
I hate when grown men have no where to hang out - "oh we can't hang out at my house, my parents home" ROFL.
I hate when people pretend like they tweet all the time... Stop saying you've neglected ur twitter if u never tweeted in the first place.
Hate when I'm chewing gum and I bit my cheek or lip. <<<<That shit hurt
I hate when babies cry.
I hate it when my mum likes songs that I like, she just ruins it
Hate when my mom cook bullshit
I hate it when my mum is drunk. I wish I could just end my life for that moment in time. Just freeze it so I wouldn't have to deal with it.
I love it when u give me Heeeeaaaaaadddd..I hate it when u give me Headaches
I hate when yu get an eyelash in yur eye && yu can't open yur eye to get it out o__~
I think it's funny when I love a show so much that I say I hate reruns but whenever the shows comes I watch it even if it's a rerun. Wow.
"Damn I hate when niggas txt u and they take forever to txt back, fucking Dicks.!!"
Boys are so annoying when they play on cod, literally eurgh omg just shut up I hate you
I hate when people tell me to calm down when I'm not even mad.
Hate when random ass numbers text me
ugh i HATE it when ppl dont text me back! >_<
I hate when ppl double park so no one will park next to them. I will still park there even if I gotta get out the passenger seat tuh!
Ugh I hate when ppl dnt txt me back esp when they txt me 1st....how bout u not txt me at all if u knew u want gon reply back...#rudeness
I hate when girls have out of shape legs .
I hate it when she do dat shit
I love it when you give me head I hate it when you give me headaches!
I hate when dogs lick me
I hate when my daddy goes grocery shopping!! He gets absolutely NOTHING!!!
I Hate When Girls Say All Niggas Are Dogs When Girls Do The Same Thing They Just Smart And Low Key With It Cause They Dont Want No Bad Name
I hate that I'm strong , but he makes me sooooo weak when it comes to this shit.
I hate you so much that I burn when I look at you .
iReally hate dat scottie &nd me kinda fell off but when dem fake ass friends gne ill still b hea niggas aint to b trusted...ilh!!
I hate when tv cuts out parts of movies!!
Really hate when people take Scripture like Philippians 4:13 out of context to justify their selfish gain.
i hate when 1-800 numbers keep calling my house
I hate when ppl play with ppl feelings. Don't feel good you know..YHj4
I hate when ppl say if they were married to a beautiful girl they wouldn't leave her...looks doesn't make up for personality
I hate it when I read a loooong awkward moment and I'm like 'that wasn't even awkward, that was STUPID'..
I HATE When People Say I Have A Attitude, That Shit Erks Tf Outta Me.
i hate when people stare at me or like give me evils for no reason, makes me feel so uneasy
I hate it when restaraunts fuck up your order. -_-
Hate that scary deep breathing dogs do when they're sleeping.
The only thing worse then being hated is being ignored. At least when they hate you they treat you like you exist.
I hate when someone I consider a close friends hits on me  -_-
I hate when my job screws up my checks
I Hate It When I Accidentally Cancel My Super Long Text.
I hate when my ear start ringing
I hate when people slam car doors! It hurts my ears and probably the car's feelings too
i hate packing. especially when i have HALF the information i need. ugh!
Ewwwww... I hate when people don't mix the noodles, sauce, and beef when making spaghetti..
I hate when I shop & can't find nothing I like or want...wasted calories & time. Debating about The Palladium ain't got nothing 2 wear
I hate when i dont understand txt messages lol
I hate when people take a picture with their phone and the charger is in it, sooo you see along ass cord.
I hate when people mention me saying follow back and their not even following me .
I hate it when u give me headaches........
I hate when the Feds @ me lol
“@aWhole_Kie I hate when people butt in folks biz hell”
Hate it when you part way through reading a tweet then you moved the mouse and abra cadabra its gone.
I hate when people be like "I was the first person to hear about..."
I hate when they do that to my dogiKNj
Damn! I hate when my phone changes languages!
I hate when the wrong person think my tweets are about them, no way!
I hate when I tell someone something & They want to go back and tell that person ! smh . That defeats the purpose .
I hate it when they sleep early :(
I hate when im alredy in school and I don't like what I got on
i hate the sound of the microwave when it's finished so i always like to stop it when it has one second left
I love it when u give me head but i hate it when you give me headches
Fkn hate when convo's get like that
I absolutely hate it when im at the mall and I have to pee cause then I have to use these nasty restrooms
I hate when people follow  you so you can follow them back then stop following u  that's not a good trick
I hate when people ask me obvious questions
I hate when females make their voice all deep and stuff when they rap.
Hate when niggas play with my money..
Don't you hate it when you make dinner plans and the person is soooooo late and you have to drink by yourself.
I hate when i give someone 100% & they only give me 30% .. thats how it always is ....
but when i get a job they really gone hate me .
I hate when people be upset w/me. I be feeling so bad like I really hurt them ;/
I hate when im eating cereal and the last 3-5 peices are like "Catch me if you can nigga!"
I hate when google bring me to a whole nother website...
I hate when I turn my shower on and its fuc*in antartica.
I hate when plans get ruined.
I hate when people cant let go of past problems
I hate when THAT happens THEN, THIS occurs
I hate when our song comes on my iPod. But I just can't make myself delete it.
I hate when females brag about how they nigga treat them , girl stfu...look down yo TL , she was talking bout YO nigga a couple hours ago !
I hate when girls twitpic something that would be gay for a dude to look at...
Fuckin hate it when someone screams so loud i feel the sound going deep into my ears that shit hurts and its annoying.
I hate when I tweet a Smiley face and half is on one line and half on the next line.
I hate when boys lie on me like I'm the bad guy <<<<<<
I really hate when people tell me what to do
i hate it when iam playing Zombies and its Round 1 or 2 People come to my window and start kiling my Zombies Or Close my Window ;(
I hate when ppl use big ass words.
I hate when my friends get boyfriends. Like im proud of them... it just i always become second... it annoys me so much..
I hate when I'm pissed off and people just think I'm an ass hole wtf
i hate that when 1 of my siblings is sick , my mom treats them w/care&when im sick she DGAF!-_- she fucken puts me to do everything!!
Hate When My Friends Cry
I hate ur when in room with a bunch of people yu don't know.
I hate when I feel like something is crawling on me and there be nothing there -_-
Hate when my angry bird game freezes !
okay. my heart is screaming: i hate him! but my mind says: keep cool, you are the reason why you hated him. i hate it when my mind is right!
I hate the wildcat when we are moving the ball well
Hate it when me mums drunk
i scared my little brother & scared myself lmao smh i hate it when that happens
I hate when people think I'm spoiled
I hate when people leave messages on my Facebook wall by posting 1 letter at a time. Not saying any names
uh i hate when you're like this
I hate when you go out with somebody & then you break up & become complete strangers >.<
hate when people copy the little things I do, Idc if we're friends either that's not an easy pass to ride me.
Hate it when boys text me and say " Wassupp Ma" <<<<<<<<<<< like dnt call me that .
I actually hate it when people spell my name wrong :(
I love when you give me head I hate it when you headaches
I hate when ppl hack ppl pg at least type like the nigga damn that's bitches problem.
I hate when people go through my texts like i mean i have nothing to hide, but its none of your buisness.
I hate it when my dad did pranks on me /:
I hate when people butt in folks biz hell
I love being spoiled I just hate when ppl call me spoiled !
U know ur best friend is gay when he says dont hate me we're gonna have the same shoes
Ughhh I hate it when people take my phone and posts on twitter.. Asshole
hate it when smart girls act dumb infront of guys, since when was being uneducated twat with no common sense attractive?
I hate when people use 'q' instead of 'g' . '& when people say 'finna' . Or wen thay spell lyk thix
Those times when you just feel like crying, but you have no clue why. Happens so much, i hate it.
i hate when you change the plans on me.. you're a bitch straight up.. oh and btw i hate your friend..thats why i dont wanna hang..
i hate when people retweet ALL their mentions
He hate when I say "NO BULLSHIT" at the end of every sentence.
you a bad girl, and your friends bad to! lol l hate when nigga's form their mouth to say this come on find another pick up line boo!
I hate when people put they fingers all in my hair
I HATE WHEN BITCHES BE THINKING YOU BROKE :/ SHE THOUGHT I AINT HAVE MONEY TO PAY FOR A MICHAEL KORS BAG... she was right.
I hate when people that barely go on Twitter have taken good usernames
Dontcha just hate when you figure out you had the lyrics to a song wrong.. and you liked the lyrics you thought they were better?
I hate that it feels like midnight when its only 8 o'clock!
I HATE when people say "I'll call you back" & then don't. If you don't wanna talk just say so.
i hate when you taking a shower and you realize you have all these injuries you didn't even know
I hate when people front like they have money but really they owe you money. Haha. Oh my.
“@_JustNeal: When mfs act like they a damn celebrity over twitter<<<<” Aaaaahhhhh I HATE IT!
!!! RT I hate it when people look for "10s" to cuff. If you Really like someone youll always think of them as a 10
Damn don't u hate when u see a sexy Lesbian..
I fucking hate when people use the word retard in the wrong context. "retard disease" ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?
I hate when specific instructions are not included for preparing food. I don't know what cook in a "lightly oiled pan" means. :|
I hate when i get these signs mixed up <>
I seriously hate when people don't text back & they text me first...
I hate the smell of trash bags. Even when they're isn't trash isnt In it. It just smells gross. Lolol~ das just meeeee
I hate when im in ppl car n dey listenin to da wackest shit bt i cant change da cd
I really hate when people don't answer my phone calls, I could be dying damn it.
I hate when ppl call something they're not use to or don't understand stupid/dumb....
-_________________________- hate when shit doesnt go as planned !!!!!!
Hate when people say they 5 minutes away & it take them 30 minutes too get here
i hate when people dont reply bck
uhh i hate when boys sit and speak about football, i have no idea what their speaking about.
I hate it when people complain about bc's when they send about 3453 a week. fools.
Hate motherfuckers that show off especially when I'm a hater shit don't work for me Fuck u niggas
I love when u give me head, hate when u give me headaches !
I hate when people cancel plans at the last minute
I hate it when someone ditches me .. when it's the second time you do it, I'm done LOL
I hate when people just knock and come in. Bitch did I say come in?
I hate when people say swag !
When chavs make status' about how much they hate chavs. Awkward.
I hate when people use OCD as an adjective. Ex: "I'm so OCD with my clothes"  >___< It's not an adjective!!!!!
I hate when people turn my doorknob before knocking. What if it's unlocked? What you gonna do, just walk in?
I hate hearin "My Neck, My Back" . It makes me feel some type of way when my entire family is in the car...
i hate when im going somewhere & of course were stuck behind the person who can't drive.
I hate it when girls call themselves ugly all the time but every fucking day they post yet another picture of themselves!
when you hate a person so much that literally everything they do makes you want to throw them off the top of the Eiffel tower
Hate when people post there words of wisdom online looool especially for attention
I hate having chocolate after christmas i eat it even when i don't want it and i think i'm going to be sick
Hate when people swear they know EVERYTHING no ask first it wont hurt or kill yu
Hate when folks say next year I'm change bitch please you still goin be that same as hoe that's known in the city for fucking
I hate it when somebody born in December of 89 call themselves and 80's baby.
I hate when people don't answer my phone calls. :(
I hate when people on twitter frontin!!
Don't you hate it when you walk into a place and your glasses get foggy?! Ugh
I hate when people just text 'k' its like bitch please i text all that and you come back with 'k' srsly? Hmmm k.
i hate when people use this line " its 20-somethig its time to grow up " niggas still aint grow up since 08 07 06 , etc .
That moment of happiness when you find out that everyone hates the same person you hate.
Damn I hate waiting but when you wanna be pretty this is the type shit u go through lol
I hate it when the lady at the taco truck gets my order wrongg -___-
I hate that you cant retweet people tweets when they tweets protected -___-
i hate when im just trying to look out for someone, then i end up looking like the bad guy. remind me not to try & help next time.
Hate it when my dad never answers his phone!! >_<
I hate when I text somebody and they take forever to text back but tweeting
I hate when he text back slow
Hate when people tweet shit they know they don't believe
I hate when ppl tell me follow them. You have a better chance in following me first cuz I will never do it
“@EyesSoUnique “@iFuckedBARNEY I LOVE when you gimme head......I HATE when you gimme headaches!!””
I hate when guys ask for my number and I barely know them like wtf bro no Im not gonna give you my damn number cause idk you. Grr! hahaha
Hate it when I'm mad at her
I hate when i see girls wearing loose pencil skirts . Ehw ,
I hate when he ask me this question. When he tells me with who thennn i can do something !
i hate to be a burdenn in folks but when it comees to my loves oness they shuldnt G A F !
Hate when my blck friends get discouraged when I say we bout to party with the white people They people 2 and mst of the time thy go harder
I hate when people call me in the middle of my tweets or texts
I hate how my mom thinks im so strong, when in reality, i'm worse off then most people believe.
I really hate when friends change just because they met new people...
I hate when ppl tag along like no one wants you to comee
I hate it when my socks are so fuzzy and theres no room for my feet to move in my shoes
Smh hate when u txt ppl and they respond all late
I hate when people worry about me.
I hate having to explain myself when it isnt necessary
I hate when people lie to me
I hate seeing the preview for The Devil Inside when im home alone or if its dark.
I hate when random ppl follow me ; like wth ? LOL
I hate when people say they feel me, it'll be along time until y'all feel me..... If ever.
Hate when I drunk text..
“@kaylooo I hate when people lie about dumbass shit!”
I hate when stuff has after taste. Blahh
"@BreaB_10: I hate when people think the sun suppose to rise and set on them !"
I hate when my son fights sleep
I hate when people say I have hoes, when I am sitting here hoeless.
I hate it when everyone else is joking around and you're just not in the mood
Hate when I cana sleep!
Love it when you give me head but Hate when you give me Headaches
I hate when someone's like "Maybe you should read the instructions".....  "Maybe you should just stfu!" -_-
I hate when I'm texting someone and they respond by saying 'oh, cool', 'that's wassup', or 'I feel you'. You've KILLED the conversation!
I really hate when guys act like females
I hate when people take my phone and text people stupid things.
I hate when the music plays only in on ear of the headphones...and you think the other ear stopped working...then it kicks in
I hate it when people hide things from you when u hav the right to know.
I hate when people i dont know are too close to me. Is that weird?
I hate when ppl come up to me and be like wats sup little nigga i hate that shit
I HATE WHEN PPL TAKE FOREVER TO MAKE DECISIONS
hate when it your ex still calling after a whole year
I hate it when people use 'dank' when they think somebody's attractive, it just doesn't sound like you're calling them good looking/gorgeous
i hate when my cousins leave me out of all the fun activities
I love it when you give me heeeaaadddd , I hate it when you give me headaches !!
hate when you get into a fight with someone u love :(
Don't you hate when stupid oblivious bitches sit right infront of you at the movies and block your view with their big empty ugly ass heads?
I hate when my aunt does this -_____________________-
Kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate me, & when you fucking someone else, just fuck her like aw ain't me!
I really hate when I order my food before people and they get their food before I do.
When the new year hits some people gonna hate me well dats nothingnewd7X
I hate when my mom comes with no food
Hate it when you're trying to perform egestion but nothing comes out
i hate it when my dad turns the internet off without telling me D:
I hate when you miss someone but they don't miss you back :'c
"@itsJasonWeaver: I hate it when ppl try 2 impart "wisdom" on to u, but actually end up making u feel even worse than B4. SMH.."
I hate when girls say "NEW YEAR, NEW ME" It's like STFU you're still a hoe.
Generally hate new year as I find it hard to keep my eyes open when it gets to 11pm
I hate when I leave my phone on my lap when I try to get out of the car #(what the hell is a hash tag)
I hate when he does this
Hate when my back be wet from gettin my hair washed!
I hate it when you go to get your nails done and you feel like all the workers are talkin shit about you....
Sometimes i hate not talking to you, but i hate bothering you when you're with your friends.
I absolutely hate when people post up pictures of they food...it just looks so disgusting
I hate when ppl go thur my phone
"@LoveTracy_: I hate fighting with you , when you're the one I wanna talk to the most ."
I hate when he doesn't reply, but I'm use to it now.
When people put up and photo and say they hate it, well why the hell did you put it up then? Its just common sense, twat face.
I hate when my mom forces me to eat :-((
I hate when females lead me on then switch up on me
I hate it when I sneeze I nearly pee on myself !
I hate when those scams on Twitter mention you.
I hate when you can't trust anyone! And I mean, anyone.
i hate when niggas get on twitter with a negative vibe <<<
I hate when mother ask me what's wrong cause after say nothing she still continues to Ask.
Ugh I hate when all them together so childish
i hate when i come up wit some new shit to say and niggas be staealin it
I hate when all the NBA games goes to commercial all at once
I hate when my phone's dying and I'm not home.
I hate it when a little timer thingy appears on my bb screen-_-
Dont You Hate It When a person who's giving you head don't know what the hell they doing.
I hate it when a fucking whore thinks it's the normalest thing in the world to steal u're boy :o
Hate how I always end up spending like 20$ when I'm in Pathmark
I hate when Kenisha does this to me.
I love it when you give me head I hate it when you give me headaches.
ughh i hate when i need water nd the warsher is starting
I hate it when you have to BE NICE to someon you really want to throw a brick at. .><
I hate when my son fightsvsleep
I hate when people ask me stupid questions
I hate when my hair gets in my eye...
I hate watching Jeopardy when someone is just whooping ass. There's no challenge.
I hate when ppl want you to be pressed over them
Isn't aimed at anyone but I hate it when people retweet celebrity's/group things tweets every 5 seconds? :/
People hate when I have my music so loud that they have to call my name repeatedly . Lol , oh well !
I hate when I text someone "Wyd?" & they ignore it and start a whole different convo about something else.
._. God i hate it when old people make you do stuff....
I really hate when pom say they hone do something nd don't that pits me at an all time high wit ma attitude
Hate when people diss twitter and be like "all you do is post stuff like -im eating-"...nikka stfu yo lame ahh
hate when i give sum1 my # & sum1 else wound up usin it
Hate that feeling when you think you finished everything, then you realize there's so much more shit to do
i hate when i go to the bathroom and there is no toilet paper so i ask my brother and instead of coming in and giving me it, he throws it at
Pro Tip: Mad and Unhappy people HATE it when you make jokes. Life IS REALLY FUCKING SERIOUS! God! Don't you know that?!! Asshole.
I absolutely hate talking about basketball after games, even when I play good, and that's all my family likes to talk about.
I hate when ppl text an drive but I do tha shyt too smh
I hate when people smack gum I wanna punch this girl in the face ugh
I honestly hate Walmart!! Only time I go there is when I'm in ND.... Other than that I ain't fuckin with it ghetto ass store
I hate when my parents try to talk secretly as if I don't know what they're talking about lololol please in not 12.
Hate it when another person has the same name as mine. Someone yells out my name, and dont know if they are talking to me or the other one!!
I hate when boys sweaty , just imagine how ur bottom part smell 0_o lmao sweaty balls *jiggle jiggle*
omg this bitch is already done shopping. I hate when my texts don't go through!! lol
i Hate When People Ask Who You Go With Now -_- i Don't Change Up Every Week Now !
Hate when someone mysteriously enters my room and takes my favourite pillow:(
I hate when girls have their bangs over their eyebrows , you think that looks cute ? , well it doesn't .
I hate when it start raining people ack as if they don't know how 2 drive
When twitter puts people I HATE in the "who to follow box"
I hate it when people take me seriously, nooo I don't actually think you should get a star shaved into your head
Don't you just hate it when people bring strangers to your house the day BEFORE it's going to be spotless?? :-)
I hate when I'm alone in a dark room and my brain goes. "You know whats a good movie? Paranormal Activity."
I hate when people from dc be like "moe" or "son" , i be like tf , my name is alexis ...
I hate when u start a new job and mfs keep telling u the same stuff like u don't know I been here 2mos I know wtf I'm doing chill out damn
Hate when you find something out and its like a total kick in the stomach.
Honestly hate it when boys call me 'babe' eww :-(
I hate when I drink so much pop, that I cant finish my food!
Ugh i hate when i feel sick ;(
I hate when my phone randomly lights up when i dont have a notification
Suchh a good night and some horrid boy has to ruin it.. Hate it when people don't know the line between banter and being a prick..
I hate when people lie about dumbass shit!
I hate when people complain and whine about things that happen to them. The reasons the BS happen to you is because you let and allow it to.
I hate when mf think you suppose 2 be dumb or sumthing!
“@Sm00ve_0perator: Some stuff should be kept off Twitter, Facebook, etc....”---I hate when females do that. Like why?
I hate it when you get full off of the appetizers ... smh
I hate when people quote a tweet that's already been retweeted by somebody else.
I hate when guys call me love. Boy i dont love you!!!!!
I Hate When People Stand Behind Me And Hummm.
Hate when bxtches with no talent get attention , ive seen that before hunty you're nothing special sorry.
Kiss me like you miss me fuck me like you hate me and when you fucking someone else just fuck em like they aint E
I hate when people talk loud af.. nobody wants to hear your conversation
I hate when people change my tweets,  I be siting their sawty. .
I love it when you gimme heeeeeeeaaaaad I hate it when you gimme headachesssss
I hate when im eating wings and someone texts me.
I hate when people sit in front of you at movies
I really hate when I go clubbing and girls sneak up behind me tryna dance with me and shit. And even when I move away they keep creeping.
I hate when I feel like this.......body is here and my mind is somewhere else and heart some where else this is a b***h
I hate when the police act like they didn't clearly hear me yell Shotgun!
I hate when you try and explain a really funny joke and it turns out shit.
I hate when people tell me that they wish they were as skinny as me. No you don't, I hate being skinny.
hate waiting at the barbershop, Especially when my cousins are the barbers - O well
I hate when everyone in the 804 is looking for something to do!!!
I hate it when I'm sick I fall asleep every 30 min >.<
Hate when ppl called central "london"
i absolutely hate when i dont get my way.
ilove how we fxck but i hate when he be blowing me up!!
I fucking hate when everything comes crashing down
hate when people say they feel me man, I hate that shit. . It’ll be a long time before yall feel me, if ever
I Hate When Im Not In A Realationshipp && I Start Talkinn 2 Some1 && We Show Eachothaa Hell Ov Attention . . . . Until We Get 2gethaaaa ;( !
I hate when I get into deep thought and it just ruins my mood.
I Hate When People Tell Me Lies & Shit
I hate when I have to repeat myself
I hate when people talk just to hear themselves talk. Shut the fuck up.
I hate when people talk about their virginity status. bc ppl bring up the dildos, fingers& tongues. So basically you not a virgin.
I really hate when ppl give themselves to much credit.
dont you hate it when someone trivialises racism by saying "white/black/purple/orange rights" as if racism is some kind of cartoon thing
I hate when people only RETWEET the nasty shit I say -___-
i hate when my mama just walks into my room -____-
I hate when you see an parking spot and someone else takes it.
I hate my moms driving when we're in a rush !
Hate when I send a txt/mssg then realize It could've been better
I hate when people aggravate me -_-..
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget !
I hate how nail polish always chips when you want it on but then is impossible to take off
Hate it when I don't know what shift I'm working ,means I have to get up at 7 to find out  :(
Is it just me or do y'all hate when people text dumb shit to y'all phone?  Shit like "huh" dat dumb shit be pissing da fuck off yo !
I hate when people type stupid & ghetto..
I Hate When Folks ignore My Call !
Hate it when you get woken by a text message and the cant get back to sleep after!! Fucking annoying!!
To much damn ice lol “@DREAMCHASER_3: “@ThaRealVonte: I hate when Ice in my alcoholic drink” -- club shxt!”
I hate it when people say "legitly" wtf is that? Don't you mean "legitimately"?
i hate when ppl don't answer da phone they see my num they suppose to answer tf
I hate it when you're on fb and you look at your notification but it doesn't  go away
«@ispeakfemale «@girlposts I hate when I send a long message, and the person only replies to that one unimportant part.»»
Hate when Mama be talking loud while she on the phone .
I hate when ghetto chicks say they classy or want something classy but they walking around the complete opposite smh
"@ShimoTaher: I hate it when I'm so sleepy and can't get up to turn off the lights!"
I hate when you miss someone and they seem not to care..'
I Hate It When People Lie To My Face, Hello I Already Know You're Lying!
I hate when people say "OMGOMG DID U JUST SEE THAT?!" no i just paid $200 to see this game & just look at the ground the whole time..
hate when im tryin to find somethin to wear and i pull everything out the closet an my room look a mess
Hate when girls ask boyz we're they live at >>>>>> Bitch why is u comeing over or what
I hate when bitches walk in
I hate that when I got to read at night I always get so sleepy!
Hate when ppl take things to far fa no reason
“@Cole_DOPE Hate when my plans are fucked over uggghhhh”
People hate me when I say it cause they know you fucking brake me but my feelings stay the same I miss you wish you stayed I love you
I hate when the kid I like be doubting the shit I say -_-
Hate when girls always complain about guys. Maybe it's not them being the dick more you being pathetic. GET IT SORTED.
"@iFuckedBARNEY: I hate it when I hear something that kills me inside & have to act like I don't care."
I hate when my hairdresser is booked... I hate having someone else touch my hair
I hate when she do that .
RT "@RobDyerS4C: when you love, more love exists in the world. when you hate, more hate exists in the world. you get to pick :)"
i hate when the radio be playing one artist like list of songs , i be like " the fuck is this they concert or some shit " lol .
I hate when my Momma n Step daddy try to talk thru me, Don't y'all got each otha # ?
I really hate rushing, so ima takee my time when I get off..
I hate when its drafts , likee wtff im coldd lmaoo :  / . .
I hate when folks dumber than me insult my intelligence with ignorance mf I know better u the dummy fool
I hate when i make a typo and dont realize it til after i already tweeted it"/
MAN... I absolutely HATE when people tweet, but don't text back. FUCK YOU TOO.
i hate when someone doesn't like a person & tells them to "go die" ...smh at you.
awkward moment when you hate almost everyone who liked your tbh status
I hate it when skinny girls say they are fat and need to lose weight. It makes me feel like a whale.
«@girlposts The only thing worse then being hated is being ignored. At least when they hate you they treat you like you exist.»
I hate over thinking stuff. Especially when i know my first thought was correct.
Yo, i hate when my dad does that shit.
I hate when someone try to take my food when I'm praying.. that shit so rude & disrespectful..
Hate it when your trying to get to sleep but you can't stop thinking about random things...
I hate when its dark and my brain is like "Hey you know what we haven't thought of in a while?" Ghosts, Zombies, & Monsters.
I hate when people call me only when they need something , the fuck ? 
Wtf, I hate when ppl call me Alex!! >.< it's Alexis!!
I hate being ignored, or when someone interrupts me, and when I'm talking to someone and they don't even pay attention
I hate it when people say "Ariana Joan Grande" Ariana has no middle name-..-
That's funny. You say you hate the guy who broke your heart but when he comes running back to you, you have your arms wide open.
I hate staying in when all my friends are out having fun! :( lol lameee! But o well .
Dawg I HATE when people LIE
i hate when mfs tell u wat u cant do..IT MY LIFE
I hate when twitter refuses to refresh my TL
I hate when people say they feel me.
I hate when people put GodFirst at the end of their bio -__-
I hate when dads in the car because we normally go 70 now we go 60 -__-
i hate when people tell me how i should live my own life *sigh* go away
RT“@Hal123_: I hate when people who aren't my parents act like they are.”
I hate waiting. Really. Especially when it's repetitive.
GabrielaaL0pez eww i hate ft. meyers. so boring when i go -___- and perfectoooo. adding you to my coF7X
hate it when you come
RFT! “@XOXO_AriFloraaa: I hate when guys stare ALL crazy ! Just come up to meee ,, none of that pussy stuff .”
I hate when people say my new year resolution is: "New Year New Me" & still be that same old immature person they was last year ..
I hate it when crumbs fall in my cleavage
I hate when i try to RT something & end up RT the wrongggg shit, -____-
Hate when you show someone a song and they're like " yeah, I heard that last year," shame it only came out last week..
When he call I don't answer I just write him back. .He hate it when I do that shit!
I hate when ppl on tv are speaking in a foreign language and then I have to read everything that's being said
I hate when people keep texting me if I didn't respond the 1st time what makes you think i'll respond the  2nd 3rd 4th & 5th time?
Jeeeeez since when did everyone hate me so much
I hate when my lips are chapped -__-
I really hate it when you have family over and stuff goes "missing"
I hate when lights are on in the crib
I hate when other The Weeknd fan pages don't follow back ... We're all fans here . Don't let your ego get to you .
Hate when my mom tries to get into my business.
i hate when i wanna watch sum so bad but its rated R
I love snuggling up in bed near my kids, but then hate when I have to get up to go to the bathroom.
Hate when my eyes get all watery and teary for no reason !
I ALSO HATE WHEN BITCHES BE TOO COKY LIKE 'I'M CUTE' KNOWING THEY ASS UGLY.
I hate when I paint my nails & I have to use my left hand to do my right, shit be coming out slopppyy lol
i hate when i try & have a convo with a boy & he automatically assumes i wanna talk to him -_-
“@RedboneBeauty23: I love it when you give me head but i hate it when u give me head aches” I'm sorry I guess I went HAM huh?
I Hate When I Have Somewhere To Go & My Mother Takes Forever To Do Shit . WTF !
I Hate Being Around Other People When I'm In A Bad Mood
I hate when people say "Nope you can't have them, they're mine lol xxxx bbfz" Fuck off and jump off a cliff or something
I hate when ppl are late like I don't have a schedule to keep. Keep it up! You'll be lookin' like last year for the new year, smh,
Hate when my nailpolish chips
I hate that when I was cooling down. The party would go lets go on a road trip after a friday night rager. I would be like darn
Suck my DICK RT kissesfromaBOSS: I hate when hoes like tsdixon1231 be talking shit on the phone rapp
I hate when I hear a really great song when I'm in public, so I try to remember some lyrics but come up with nothing.
I hate when people only hit me up to see where the parties at...
i hate when people put their girlfriend/boy friend in everyone of their statuses.. go back to AIM with that shit
Don't ya just hate it when you have apple jiz running down your chin?!
Damn I hate when I'm fonna do something but I forgot
Hate when my plans are fucked over uggghhhh
It's always gonna be someone there to hate you when you're trying to better yourself
I really hate when girls say "Suck my dick." Stfu.
I hate when I take more than one good picture then can't decide with one looks better lol .
When my phone is on the charger it turns off..i hate that.
I hate that I always push off & bottle up my emotions. I never, ever cry. But when I do, I just can't fucking stop. Being a girl <<<<<<<<<<<
I love it when you give me heaaaaad I hate it when you give me head aches!
Make your new years resolution somewhat reasonable, I hate when people say things they know they wont do.
i hate when girls scream in horror movies... bitch ur bf is about to die go save him.
i hate when my friend is depressed.....:(
I hate when one song is constantly on replay in my head
i hate when ppl take ALL DAY to qet ready, but still luk the same afterwardz.....smh
I hate talking to drunk ppl when I'm not drunk also
I hate when niggas & females be like " smoking is so unattractive " like bitch , I don't give a fuck IM ME MOTHER FUCKER
I hate when people hate on something then do it. Really now? :|
i hate when ppl read too much into tweets that are insiders. which means the tweet has a meaning that someone understands &not meant4u .
Dont u hate when u drunk and the new bitch u hittin got weak pussy?
I hate when girls say that shit -__-
Hate when I'm trying to be nosey ......... and ...... shit is blocked or private -_-
Kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate,  & when you fucking someone else fuck her like she ain't ME.
Hate when ppl tell me I'm lying nd clearly I'm telling tha truth! =\
I hate it when I see people tweeting saying if a fan does 'something' then not a true fan.. Well I never knew we were here to judge people?
I hate when my bestfriend compares me now to the old me. It makes me feel bad that I grew up.
i hate when people judge others by their appearance. it's one thing to talk about someone's clothing, but to talk about what God gave them?
I absolutely hate when bitches act fake bc they so damn NEEDY. Stfu though like really...desperate asses.
I hate when people hate on Lion King........
I hate people who dress like hipsters! that shit be blowing mine. Since when that gay shit came in style?
i hate that when u watching something on youtube it always gotta load every minute
I hate when u ask to justin to follow u and some fuckhead tweets yoou about a virus that has something to do with justin like fuckki off
I hate when ppl try me knowing I'm not to be fuck with
Playing racko with my parents n grandma...I hate games of chance, except when I am lucky
I really hate eating dinner late. It be like that when you have to work get a baby come home and still cook.
i hate when ppl have something to ask me but take forever! & beat around the bush .. JUST ASK! DAMN!
I hate it when you're hungry & go into the kitchen looking for food but there's nothing... Even the fridge is empty
hate it when you talk about JB and people think you are talking about justin bieber..
don't you hate when you're trying to not think about someone, but they pop up on your timeline repeatedly? no, just me? ok, cool.
I hate when people subtweet me, Pussies...
Hate when im listinen to music and rude people come in and turn on they music.
fucking hate when this computer tweets shit and I ain't even done typing.
I hate when people try to act like something wasn't about you! You just got off the phone w/ me & you was mad...wtf what kinda shit..
“@imCHOCOLATEdee: I hate when people have the same name as me.” I know 7 ppl with ur name
I love it when you give me head, I hate it when you give me headaches.
i hate when people leave a dirty ass bathroom after they're done
I hate when people take like 5000000 years to reply and I actually need a response!!
I hate when girls don't match on what there wearing >.< smh
I hate when a nigga say talk is cheap cause im the type of nigga that let money talk for me
I hate when I'm on the phone with some one and they speak to the people around them then speak to me
I hate when Mary J Blidge try 2 dance
“@nnamrab: I hate it when bitches say 'uhn' ..like shutup” RTTTTTT thanks namra amen to that
Hate ppls asks me to do something, but not in a nice way when he ask
I hate when there is too much ice in my drink
ask her if she wanna fight.... Works every time! “@Kev_Green13: I hate when she's mad”
I love sunrise ! I like wake up early when I have no school ( O_o" ) but I hate it when I have school !
I hate when people are on some other shit...the world doesn't revolve around you
i Hate, When People Mention people in my TL that i dont like -___-
Yo I fuckin hate when ppl lie to me!!!
I hate when people compare Facebook to twitter.
I hate when people do shit for attention, sit yo ass down somewhere
I don't hate people, I just feel better when some of them aren't around.
I hate when parents try to switch up. It's a little too late for that shit...
Hate when ppl take forever im about to stay in the house. Fuck it
Hate when a MF pull that u think u better Stunt NOPE We put our panties on the same way IM JUS WISER THEN YOU :)
I hate when Ice in my alcoholic drink
I hate when my mom fakes! 
i hate it when my mom say good girl to me..
I HATE WHEN SOME BITCHES DON'T BE CONFIDENT ENOUGH...ALWAYS SAYING 'I'M UGLY' SO SOMEBODY CAN DISAGREE.
Hate it when people dodge you
I fckin hate when people dress ugly like do you realize you just made yourself 50x uglier
Cole world "@stephyy_love: i love it when you give me head, i hate it when you give me headaches!"
I hate when people and tweet quotes that I KNOW are above their IQ. You know who you are!
That saying "i love it when you give me head but i hate when you give me headaches...." STFU! Stupid AF
I hate when people are always talking about how thirsty people are and what they do for attention but that person is just as bad..#gtfff
I HATE when we're apart....
Don't u hate when ur texting  someone n then they just dont write back i hate that
I used to HATE when my momma called me to come home from playing outside
I hate when folks get caught up in their lies !
I hate when I buy new hair ties and they're not stretchy enough.
I hate when I leave stuff at school that I need....chu
2day I'll be Tweetin EVERY Stunnaz Cover ever! Even The Developmental Issues when we were practicin...LOL Love em or Hate em baby!
:/ i hate when you don't text back !
I hate it when people could sense that you are about to cry before you actually cry! :'(
I hate when people text me out of boredom. That means the convo gon be boring
i got ready for no fucking reason, i hate when people lagg it on me.
I hate when we're all watching stuff like this and my dad wants to talk about his "glory days"
kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate me .And when you’re fucking someone else just fuck her like she ain't me.
I hate when people would rather talk again to others on facyb and ignore your conversation. Are they the special one to you or me?
I hate it when I can't remember shit.
I hate when I post a pic of a child and someone be like.. "that's u?" or "that's urs?" OR "awww who does he/she belong to?"
“@TheJAdams I hate when people have cigarette breath and want to be in my face talking nonsense!”
I hate when its dark and my brain is like "Hey you know what we haven't thought of in a while?" Monsters.
I hate when people look through my glasses and say "wow you  can't see." You don't take someone's wheelchair and say "wow you can't walk!"
The moment when you realize you left a word out....I hate that shit.
I hate when people give me the run around.
omfg omfg lmao , hate when im searching for someone and i tweet it instead -__________-
i hate when i can't remember the name of a song.
“@TheeKidJordan: I hate when people say "that awkward moment when" I bet it was YOUR fault shit got awkward.” lol
«@mzpocahontas23 I hate men that cheats but get mad when a woman finally start smmfh»
I hate when you go to get your nails done and they do it really fast and sloppy so the ppl waiting wont leave
Oh my god i hate when people call you like 5 times in a row. Im taking a freaking shower, calm the fuck down
I hate when people say they are five minutes away knowing they are like twenty
Hate when the radio station plays shit after shit
I hate it when you're mad and people take it like a joke. Its not funny
i hate when my family calls me on skype ! i never answer
when the person you hate finally gets what they deserve.
That moment of happiness when you find out that everyone hates the same person you hate. :D
I hate when I ask "who is this" and y'all wanna play the guessing game. Lmao being difficult and shit.
I hate when people call my phone asking "who's this" Like nigga idk you called me..
I only have one reason why I hate when my hair gets long: it gets thick and gives me daily headaches.
I hate when people tell me everything is gonna be fine. HOW DO YOU FREAKN KNOW MY LIFE?
I hate when people tell me to call them or text them, if you're telling me why can't you do it yourself?
I hate when she deletes her twitter.
i hate when i get mentions from random people and it's spam! -_-
Hate it when my boo get sick :-(
I hate when i telling the truth and people still thin I lying
Now I may not be a 10, but I hate when girls look just downright bummy lol like come on! U could do a lil bit better... -_-
I wanna kill myself when I'm with dan, I hate him so much
Hekfjskdn I hate when people talk then suddenly stop texting cuz you asked a question! Maja fucka
I hate when people cut me off when im trynaa talk .
Hate when my fone buzzes I get bit happs and I c its coz I got a low battery! -__-
I hate how everything you try to forget is the only thing on your mind when you can't sleep .
I FUCKING HATE when people try to call someone a bandwaggoner for listening to someone's music. You didn't make him famous, so shut up.
UGH I hate when something shrinks even though you wash it in cold water!
I have a small bump under my eyelid. I hate it when that happens, shit bothers the hell out of my eye.
Don't you hate when a Real Nigga act like a Fake Bitch
I hate seeing people I know when I look terrible..
I hate when people make promises and don't keep them
I hate when ugly dudes or girls say new avi...like wtf you don't even need an avi
I hate when people can't take a joke
Hate When People Stop Textin In The Middle Of A Conversation.
