Listening to music is supposed to wake me up, not make me fall back asleep. Lol.
Listening to Pokemon music all up in here.
Cuzzo in here listening to real OG music. Lol, I taught him well.
Lately ni I just can listening music like Yeah Right, Fa La La. I can't listening the rock one
Slept for a freaking hour and I can't go back to sleep. Stayed up listening to music for 3 hours ...
Listening to music while you're getting dressed >>
Down laundrette. Eating a slice of cake and listening to C81 music. Having to resist the impulse to rave out
I've been up for 45min and I'm just laying in bed listening to music hoping I can fall back asleep.
Coolingggg ' Listening To Music
This bitch got us listening to country music
Maybach music 2 was the besttttttttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!! I used to feel  VIM listening to that at full volume on the bus
Listening Tew music
Im Jus Sitin In The Car Listening to Music
Listening to some music
Lying on my bed. Listening to music from my phone. Tweeting. 1 hour 45 mins to 2012.
Listening to music, eating candy.
Still in his room , online , listening music , tweeting , what ɑ great night :)
Beats came<3 listening to music for the rest of my life.
When I'm Listening To Music &; Someone Keep Tryna Talk To Me <<<<<<
Robin why are you still listening to christmas music? santa clause already came to town.
Just laying here listening 2 music... Need to get up & get ready for this hair appt.
That awkward moment when you realize that you're not the only person at home listening to your music blasted
Wake up listening to music!
Listening to Music getting Ready for Work
Been listening to a whole heap of Crash Bandicoot music all night. awww yeah
Sitting on my bed listening to David archuleta,he really is good and have a great talent!!!His music inspires me to go on with life☺
Going to my cousins house for new year's eve for our big party. It's great up there! We'll be watching fireworks and listening to music!
Walk into my house to see my moms boyfriend dancing around in his boxers with knee high socks on listening to country music.
Listening To Music !
Listening to all this J. Cole on the way to work... This nigga music speak to me...  .And right now its telling me quit my job lol
Laying down in bed listening to music (:
Tidying your room whilst listening to music makes it a whole lot easier. Idk why, it just does
Girl running this painted potter has her Ipod hooked into the store speakers. Its all 90s rock music. Listening to Fastball now.
Listening To Music and Packing My Bags! I Will Be Gone Tomorrow
about to start cleaning while listening to music ♥ im inlove with music.. its the best thing ever made!
listening to prince music while waiting to greet the new year:)
Listening to some music while cleaning up the house
LOVE my new headphones!!! its like a whole new experience listening to music!
Shooot I'm listening to some music , texting up a storm .
Only listening to gospel music today...I just feel like I should
Why Is He Listening To Mexican Music ??
Drake's Thank Me Later is perfect listening music for todays events. It just sets the mood.
Hate when my ma blast the radio when I'm listening to music on my phone ..
My sister is listening to jerkin music in the shower lol she obviously stole my iPod again. That used to be my fav kind of music lol
Listening to music getting fucked on the train! Ny fucking EEEEE!!!!!
Listening to music
Whenever I'm out listening to music I be thinking like shit
why am i listening to christmas music?!?
I hate when I`m listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I`m hearing my name being called. :O
Laying in the bed listening to music (:
more interested is listening and playing music then writing a post war essay!
is listening music
Thank goodness! Charlie's listening to music in his cot and isn't crying even though he normally goes ballistic! Housework and cooking!
Im listening to Stoner music all day excuse me while I get trippy
i got to sleep listening to music, i wake uo listeningto music.
listening to piano music gives me that peaceful，deja vu feeling.... ∩__∩
Listening To Music >>>>>>
Listening to my music>>>>>
Why am I listening to depressive music this early in the morning? ._. lol
Listening to music that reminds of her
Listening to music  , about to clean up & make some breakfast
Listening to my music
I can see my mom in the 70s, doing drugs drinking beer listening to this music
Listening too music ♬
(1/2) sooo beats are now accessories? so you just wear em around your neck and walk around in em but youre not listening to any music? t ...
i wish my mom would stop giving me looks every time she hears me listening to korean music.
Listening to Kanye is great New Years Eve prep music. At the end of the day god damn it I'm killing this shit.
Listening to music and having the fan on is heaven right now.
Listening to gospel music and helping mommy clean =)
I feel like just going on a long ass drive by myself listening to music
Listening to music!!
Listening to music , showerflow , mall then work :)
Listening to soul searching music
Listening to classical music
First time new year duduk sorang2 dalam bilik hotel without any entertainment,sitting just listening to the music and waiting for countdown
At least i'm listening to good music
My neighbors started listening to loud house music at 9am this morning. Woke up in a gay panic. Stayed awake bc I liked the mix.
My Aunt Just Asked Me Was I Going Through Something Cus Of The Music Im Listening To
I need to listening music and this iPad have no music at all. I really need to fill it with paramore song
I'm just sitting outside my house, in my car listening to music
On my music,listening to new beats,
Spending the day in my room doing homework and listening to music xxx
Listening to music from the late 90's.. brings back so many memories
At home listening to music xx :)
Still in bed listening to music ! :)
Radio show planning which is code for sitting and listening to music :)
My lil sis listening to party music in the am =loser
Chillen listening to music
Listening to Leggo House on replay is such beautiful music to my ears :')♥
Cleaning And Listening To Music
I told my parents that if they are planning to go to my aunt's, I'd stay in home alone, tweeting, listening to music and readind.
Old ass music they listening to <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Stay at my bedroom and listening music in the New Year's Night.....ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ
Listening to music coming out in 2012! Pure fire! Stay tuned people!
Love how your battery dies quicker when your listening to music.
I got no phone :'( how am I going to tweet in skool this srsly suck....no listening to loud music wen im starting to be emo lol
Damn , ! Mum what you listening rto ?some mad ass 60's music ♥
Listening 2 the song "the other side" by F****d Up. Great morning driving music!
How can a woman in the bus come up to me while I'm listening to music and be like 'I can see the pain through your eyes':/ hmm
i've been living by myself for too long, apparently playing tetris and listening to music all day is not "acceptable" in the "real world"
Sitting in the waiting room at my doctor's office, listening to worship music being played over the PA system! I love it!!
Sometimes listening to music makes you realize your not the only one going through a particular situation.
I feel asleep with my music playing and in my dream I was listening to the same music
Up early Blowing A Kush Blunt Listening To Music But Now My Momma Need To Wake Up So We Can Go Dennys And To The Mall
-_______- my momma listening to music while she in the shower -_____- tryna be like me lol she too old dawg.
at kuala tungkal , they celebrate new year w/ listening hardcore music, and turn the volume until the max!!!
Someone called me nuts for listening to one tune for more than 2 hours. I can see what she meant when you're listening to SHIT MUSIC :P
I have enough music on my ITunes to listen to it for over a WEEK with no interruption, without listening twice to the same song!!
..start my day by listening to some music
I'm with pyjamas,listening to music and eathing sweets. 2012 i'm ready!
Mall music sucks. Listening to Trapped Under Ice until I'm told to turn them off, and when I am I'm just going to yell "STAY COOOLDAAAAHHH"!
listening the music in car having 1200 watt bass system
WHY AM I LISTENING TO TAYLOR SWIFT ???? I don't even like that music. WHY WHY WHY WHY??!!??!!
Yup mom I'm cleaning my room...lol jk I'm listening to music and on twitter
Last day of 2011 today I'm playing the best of 2011 music colection and listening through my podcasts from the last year.
*Listening to music* while mum is talking to me .. 2 minutes after not answering *Smack on the head* hahhah
Laying down listening to music
3) Work harder at academic stuff. 4) Keep listening to music & watching movies. 5) Improve on writing & design skills. Good luck to me! :-bd
: listening to music about tu roll up this Kush start off my day
Listening to music & Tweeting >>>>>>>>>>>>>
listening the cool music with very loud sound and tha high bass....
“@SternNationChic: Listening to classical music at my desk again and feeling like I'm in a scene from Peter & The Wolf.” < Nerd
im listening to music....you still continue to talk to me........
Last day of 2011 and i spending it blogging, eating, listening to music and playing bass :3
Listening to classical music at my desk again and feeling like I'm in a scene from Peter & The Wolf.
Wow, I REALLY <3 listening to music.
Listening to music (=
Love being in a room in the dark on my own listening to music on my head phones...
Listening to Devil music X___X
just thought about listening to some of the new music I bought ehp9gJWJ
just ate now listening to music till I fall back to sleep :)
Drinking Power Horse while listening to music (Y) <3
Woke up this morning listening to Drake...my kind of music
upppppp , thinking listening to music ; chilling with my bestfriend later maybe !
Now listening a loud music
I hope i enter the New year with a hard on, drunk and listening to good music with the friend's that have been there for me all year!
“@ImAGoodYute: LOL wahum 2 Jaden, why him suh hype up now? Wah music is man listening to?”bashment soca and afrobeats
It don't matter if I'm listening to the music on my phone or my Ipod , I NEVER listen to the all the songs unless I'm mad
listening too This MUSIC ,
Here's KARA! As I explained to my mom, I like listening to their music, but I don't like their performances as much... (questionable dances)
Listening to this old music.
Listening to music...
Looking forward to eating too much food, drinking wine, listening to good music and being with great friend this evening!
How you gon get mad cause I wake up listening to music. -___-
I hate it when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I think I hear someone shouting my name
There is nothing better than listening and appreciating Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terrell's music! Simply wonderful <3
listening to music and doing the nails...
do you think it is ruder to have music playing whille you watching tv or tv while your listening to mucic?
If you listening to any of my music please mention me so these people know...thank u
I hate when i fall asleep listening to music and wake up with my headphones like choking me. Or does that not happen to anyone else uh.
Back To Listening My Music..
love listening music!!
Bloody hell! Just because I am listening to music while doing work this bafoon thinks I'm not doing any work
Did you know: A dairy cow can produce more milk when listening to music:o KAAAAAAAK
I'm listening to music. I like Staind! It's very good!
Listening to music makes me happy.
Great way to start today “@wayne_po I'm up & I'm listening to all my favorite mixtapes & albums of 2011.. Great year for music”
I'm listening to my music rather than the sound of your voice. So please, don't mind the headphones.
Listening to German folk music: Gabi Albrecht <3
cooking risotto originale while listening to russian dance music :D
I'm up & I'm listening to all my favorite mixtapes & albums of 2011.. Great year for music
I'm drinking Darjeeling tea, reflecting on the last 15 minutes of 2011,  listening to amazing music, and willing myself not to cry.
listening to music.
Still laying in my bed listening to the same ol music
Sat chilling..listening to music, party tonight for new year:D..xox
All ready. Listening to some great music via Soundcloud. Waiting for everyone else....
My definition of an awesome morning: sitting n the den listening 2 Jules sing her heart out n her room! (she's got great taste in music too)
Up listening to music...
Yea becuz u won't be listening to meek lol“@Jmulababy19 I have all this music for us to listen to today LOL”
It's almost 2012 and I'm still listening to music from 1988 :-)
LOL my mum just said to me that I'm perverted because I was listening to... dirty music xD
Idek y, but listening to depressing music when you're depressed actually does help.
brandymariesims I've been up listening to music since 3 lolGOx
Listening to music in one ear cause your headphones are broke <
6 whole days after Christmas and Im STILL listening to Christmas music,but everyday should be a merry Christmas because of Jesus, so it's ok
Driving with my dad,drinking starbucks,listening to music..pleasant morning (:
Cleaning, listening to music and playing with missy
Listening to the music.... While we get ready for our day....
Listening to music :)
Waiting for time to pass while listening to music at esplanade.
Listening to music to start my day off good.
I wonder if I'm getting headaches because I'm listening to music full blast 24/7. No. Must be me thinking to much over what to tweet.
Listening Too Music And Working Out..Always Get My Day Started
Happy New Year and thank you for listening to Radio Guitar. More great guitar music coming in 2012!
And yes, my 'Christmas is over' 2 week mourning period continues with me listening to Christmas music (little toy trains~best. song. ever.)
Just listening some music and watching firework at home :D
this new year just stay at home and listening music ☺
listening to music real bored
love listening to new music
I hear firecrackers outside my window and screaming. But me, I'm here listening to music, tweeting, Fb-ing, TETRIS, :DDD
I've been listening to music and watching tv and I'm really bored o
Listening To My Maybach Music
I'm sitting here listening to music nd tweeting like I got an outlet over here... shame
New Year's Eve. Listening my 2011 playlists. Every month shows different genres of music... different emotions. What a colorful 2011!
Listening to splendid classical music loudly at 1:30am New Year's Day... to drown out a scummy drunken fight up the road. Shut up already!!!
These niggas wanna be listening to this grindin music  6:20am bout to dip home and blast weezy man lo5Zw1X
Yeah, my dad's taste in music is way superior to my mum's and sister's. Listening to the CD I gave him höhöhö
Listening to Alice in Chains Music Bank this morning...
On the interstate headed home . Listening to slow music thinking !XCE
Money,Music,Motivation the mixtape you have been listening hearing about is complete DROPS Dec 31 @ midnight HOPE YOU ENJOY LOVE ALL MY FANS
Listening to chart show music whilst doing hwk, keep getting up and dancing....
listening to music and tweeting
Why this black dude listening to heavy metal music WITHOUT headphones o_O
The thought of listening to HOUSE MUSIC after the count down doesn't gel well with me!!!
Up listening to music thinking bout things
Listening to music, but so tempted to watch a movie,hmm wonder whats on,xoxo-Laura
So bored, listening to depressing music on Xmas eve.
Been listening to music all night, went to sleep to it and woke up to it. And still in it now
listening to my 'indian music' and hannah called it
What's some new music worth listening to besides Common ? No Jeezy either !
Happy new year from Melbourne Listening 2 game changing music and contemplating the existential dilemma of existence with friends who matter
listening to music . . bored AF
I'm not watching any Japanese TV programs now, but I'm listening to music on YouTube, especially rock music in the US, UK, Canada.
bleurgh, I get so travel sick without listening to any music.
Listening to shit music as well :'(
Last year i spent new years listening to 80's music with my mum till 2 in the morning hahahah
Listening to music.  Bored
Listening music...playing cards...
Up listening to music....#Goodmorning
How do I know if I am listening to this music ironically?
Painting my nails while listening to party music always puts me in the mood for a night out
listening to music is the ONLY thing that makes me happy again when people piss me off.... :D <3
I need to listen to new music. I dont like listening to new music.
On my way to the Apple store with Mama, listening to the Peanut Butter Jam. I'm really considering writing children's music for a living.
Listening to his music.. While I'm at work. Tired AF
I can't work unless I'm listening to music, idek it just gives me some sort of motivation
sitting here listening too music ,
I don't like listening to loud music.
Still up listening 2 music#AreJay
I Actually Love Adele! I've Been Listening To Her Music All Morning :D
My idea of yoga is rolling around on my floor while listening to world music.
I hate when I'm listening to slow music on pandora.. and this scary commercial comes on
I wasn't even able to sleep, I've been up listening to music and now I have to get ready in a bit -_-
is up and on the go got my timmy ho's wit meh! <3 .listening to justin bieber music!<3 .boiis he's just a human like u and i <3
listening to music helps mii day start off good.
Listening to music+bored
House cleaning and listening to music
I'm planning on sitting here & listening to music til its time for work
Currently listening to every American Music Club, in order, amazing... music's just dead now isn't it?...
Laying on the bed, listening to music, eating skittles........smh
Woke up at 3am been listening to gospel music ever since. I can never sleep all through the night whizD0R3
Listening to salsa music and dancing with my mom and dad. <3
"Taylor always comes prepared with a playlist so when she's in the make-up chair, we're all listening to the music she's loving at the time"
been awake but still in bed listening to music for about 3 hours lol arh
Under the dryer, listening to music.! :)
Spent the last 4hrs listening to LOUD rickross music. Why the HECK would i buy such an album? Same, bland repetitive beats!
We up ... Listening to music why idk I guess thats how we do it
Listening To Music & Doin My Laundry :)))
listening music on my iphone right now...;)
My dads listening to club music. This is unacceptable and just socially wrong..
Waking around the room in my underwear with juice in my hand listening to music. I have decided this is how I want my next near to be.
Ice bubble + martabak + listening music of Justin ♥
listening to music for the first time in 2012. of course its one direction duh.
My dre's just enhance the music-listening experience
Listening to Michelle McManus on my ipad, Love this womans music
If you like listening to classical music read my blog
I don't understand how someone can go an entire day without listening to any music whatsoever, what do they do with their life?
listening to some music
fuckyouimajonas Nothing really, just listening to some music. What about you? :)Mscd
_itsCynthiaa llf.. but listening to music very quitelyi19dL
Dancing around listening to music'
listening to really old boring music WHY DADHHJ
Love all over me - Monica (music) .yes early in da mourin listening to music. Lol
been listening to music with isla. educating her to like good music when she's a year old. i'm a great auntie.
Listening to 80s music while waiting for the New Year.
My best new year's eve till date. Lover bought a bottle of Merlot. Listening to some lovely music. :) Bliss
RT- Listening to a sad song on your iPod and looking out the window just like in a music video.
NYE at home listening to music#growingoldtendencies
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
Listening to music > listening to you
10 rozays on u bro lol "@Triple52: LISTENING TO MUSIC EARLY GETTING HYPE FOR TONIGHT HOOOYYYYYYY SEEEEERE BEEBEEEEERE"
Been here at Eastside Park walking listening to my music but Chris Brown Strip is playing over & over
Listening to music chillen ready to start my dah
Zoning out listening to Music..
I was like listening to music and suddenly I have him by my side. I almost didn't scream "SHIT!" omfg.
I'm not being a music snob, but the girl in the train listening to Disney songs really loudly should probably turn her ipod down
_ listening to music ..
Listening to music again
Listening to my brother's playlist... I can't believe I'm saying this... but he actually knows REAL music. Nujabes. Hands down.
Listening to the music I listened to during spring time. Brings back memories and the good feelings OoFH9I
Listening to my cousins play their music :) so good!
Listening to music that i love makes me feel so good
Listening to a sad song on your iPod and looking out the window just like in a music video.
That moment when you are listening on the best music ever!
.Woke Up Listening To Music... Jus Thinkin.!
Listening to music. ♪ ♫
i don't put his songs in my iPod but i really like listening to it on these music shows.
Listening to music until im fully awake
Up listening to music. Got a lot on my mind this morning.
listening to music...
Listening to music(: and reading.. I feel happy..
This nigga in there listening to country music....
Well, if you're not watching football. You should be listening to Capital, great music. Even my salon knows what's good music.
Yes, I'm listening to Christmas music... I promise it's the last day...
If you ever use the word "pumpin'" to describe the music your listening to... You deserve to die.
Waiting on my turn to get my hair done.... Until then listening to music
Listening to Now 80, thats what i call music!!!
LISTENING TO MUSIC EARLY GETTING HYPE FOR TONIGHT HOOOYYYYYYY SEEEEERE BEEBEEEEERE
Listening to music .
%95 of the time,If I'm listening to music;Its Drake.
Listening to my music. . .#np Something-Drake
Eating cereal , listening to music & washinng clothes .
When ur listening to music u get smacked because ur parents swore u was listening to them and they was waitin for a response!
Gonna be listening to gospel for awhile... Strictly... Besides when I'm at work because they play music...
Listening to my party music!
I just wanna dress up get real cute eat some good food while listening to some nice music tonight!!!
I'm listening Cry Baby's music. ♥
You cant go a day without listening to music. ♪♫ {#te#teamfollowback
Spending my new years listening to music not getting pissed.
Been listening to music for the past two hours... I do that. Might hit this gym up soon
Up listening 2 music
Argh ! Having a headache while listening to music + playing fb
what im doing on New Years Ever? Sitting on My Room tweeting and Listening to Music while other People are Outside Doing idk haha
spent my whole christmas holiday listening to music, on twitter, facebook, tumblr, and in bed, school is going to be hard
That awkward moment you've got tons of music, but you don't feel like listening to anything or they all bring you hurtfull memories xD
Listening to some old school R&B puts me in a good mood :) and not the shit they call R&B these I mean the music that had soul in it :)
Listening to music and you get half way through you cant handle it Dx
fantasising lying on a warm beach in the sand in the caribbean listening to music without a care in the world
Moms listening to depressin country music downstairs as I lay in bed. Torture to the soul
Meh stuff my yearly tradition of listening to music in bed, I'm way to tired
That awkward moment when someone's talking to you while youre listening to music with your earphones on and you can't hear them&they get mad
There alot of music I hear tonight from the UK, NZ, USA ? I Listening too.
been listening to music all day, to keep me from being sad while im not at the hospital.!
listening to music until i fall asleep
Listening great music on HOT97!!! that Dj rocks!!
Just been listening to house music for like the last hour
time for listening music
Chillin listening to some music
listening to Kid ink and ghetts got me thinking about do music again urgh!!!
Love listening to my fave song in full volume.  This is just one of those days where the neighbors won't mind listening to loud music lol.
Haha I'm just laying in bed and listening to the music through the wall.
getting ready with ma girls, waiting for the otherssss! Listening to music full blast is the best
Listening to Spotify Premium. Loving it... no ads, unlimited music. Manigong bagong taon sa ating lahat!!!
Listening to the music I listened to during spring time. Brings back memories and the good feelings HJoSkd
Sitting here listening to my maintenance staff singing grunge music , great way to wake up
Enjoying my dinner outside w family while listening to lovely music :)
i wish i could share these music that i am listening to right now to my friends!!!!!
Listening to good music from my cousin :-) she has good taste!
woke up listening to music , on my laptop just chillen !
tidying my room and listening music xD
spent the last minute of new years eve listening to justin bieber music at the parkk!!! and watched firework thats how us aussie do it ;) <3
Will never get tired of listening to Whitney Houston's music... :D
i love how you can detatch from the world just by listening to music
I love this fancy music my cousin is listening to as he showers.
Tweeting listening to music has a toll on my iPhone battery life
I like listening to country music in the mornings.
I love walking along listening to really heavy music it makes me feel like god.
Listening to blues, drinking whiskey....one of the most freeing experiences. Let the music touch your soul.
is listening to old music
I can't go a day without listening to music
I hate how I downloaded all my music to my cousin's laptop & now my cousins and brother and sister are listening to Mac miller & Wiz khalifa
Listening to some Motivitational Music
Listening to music in the office
Listening Too Music Under This Hair Dryer!
woke up doing homework&listening to music
Rudys_Official laying down listening to music, you?:DCOhmx
Sat in the front room listening to music on the tele, when my brother comes barging in demanding we watch Pompey-_- how rude!
Dh she listening to, bird music
Sitting here listening 2 my music on Pandorat5wm
Listening to the 50 biggest selling dance hits of the 90's and reliving my youth! How did I listen to such shit music ha ha
Listening to some good ole' gospel music.
Wheneverr Im On Twitter Im Listening To Music Too Keep Me Entertained,
I hate it when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I think I hear someone shouting my name.
Instead of listening to music while getting ready I'm going to watch the Trotters :)
I'm going to be listening to Justin Bieber's music from 23:59 to 00:01 so i can have a great end for 2011 & an Amazing start for 2012 ♥ :)
There are few people in this world who understand how sad it is when you start listening to your music and realise one earphone is broken
Listening to country music <3
Up late, listening to music and writing. Getting tired fast though. Hopefully I fall asleep before the sun comes up..
“@ctsurfstyle: I'll spend my new yr eve in front of laptp, listening to music ,reading my medical books..nerd much” me me me..ahax
I've gotta start listening to some different music
Listening To Music ..Great Way To Start Tha Day:)
Up.. listening to my country music :)
☆★ Listening to music and doing laundry ☆★
In the car and was listening to when the music stops, mum actually jumped out her chair when the gun shot at the end lmao
Usually not a fan of Christmas music but finding myself listening at work more and moreCSte
On some hype shyt listening to music
listening to some nice music!
Listening to fob music wooooo
As long as mum is listening to music while getting dressed, it will take her forever to finish...
Listening to all kind of music, Chinese, English, Japanese. As long as there is songs, my life will 4iSME3
Woke Up Listening Too Music, .Meek Mill -  Faded Too Long (Freestyle)
Multi-tasking at its best: tweeting;chatting;listening to music;& red pen in hand, ☑ & ✗- contrasting my 2011 to-do-list to actual outcomes!
I love listening to music and fitting it in to people walking.
maybe im going to stop listening to music next year coz i want to concentrate with my study but will i've done it ???
*Listening to music, singing along, suddenly the music stops I carry on singing, I hear my self sing* Is that how a fucking sound ? oh well.
Lying in bed, listening to unknown music about people being felt up. Bring on 2012!
listening to the boys album 24/7 cos you think any other music is shit compared to theirs.
Woke up listening to house music  .Good way to start of the day , and it's only starting .......Let's goo!!!!
Off to Dickens World today. Get to sit in the car listening to BVB, staring out the window and pretending i'm in a music video. <3
Something intimate about listening to music using headphones.
Listening to music really loud. Not singing the lyrics,but screaming.
Okay So Im Putting My Earphones On Even Though Im Not Listening To Music. Wth? xD
My Mum just heard me listening to Forever Young and asked me why i was listening to 80's music, oh gzFnPu
I'm listening to music I haven't listened to since 8th grade. Aw, I kind of miss it.
Workin and listening to music..
loveelecia : ohhh nothing laying here listening to music. wby ?NXI
I feel like listening to music ??????el3
listening to this bullshit music should never be associated with being open-minded...it's a personal choice
"@WorldOfBellRose: Can't believe I'm listening to UK gangster music "I'm changing" looool sum of these r good now tho *impressed face*
sat on the train staring out the window listening to my ipod, totes not pretending I'm in a music video
I block everything out when I'm listening to music!
My mom upstairs listening to music
"I think there is some hope for your generation in terms of music after listening to this."
Can't believe I'm listening to UK gangster music "I'm changing"
pra happy new year = listening music reading books and watching tv !
My servant has a perfect taste in music. she's now listening to candy shop!
Listening to house music! :) I wanna dance! Wooooohhh
Listening to French music while cleaning isn't so bad! ;)
Beginning-Ending of 2011= listening to Justin's music. Early of 2012= gonna listen to his music too (; soo much swaag going on.
Still ain't sleep yet smh. Up listening 2 music.. I might go wrk n a few hours n try get a sale or 2..
chillin, listening to some music organizing my car audio install tools & such :)
Deerhunter is teaching me what it is to enjoy sitting there despondently listening to music, slightly afraid for some reason, until 5:30am.
I'll spend my new yr eve in front of laptp, listening to music ,reading my medical books..nerd much
Laying in my bed, listening to music.
Actually, listening to music right now feels perfect.
listening to depressing music isn't exactly helping holly.
Listening to electronic music for the welcoming year 2012.
listening to some music.
“This is for the girls who don’t always win. The girls who stay up all night listening to music that inspires them. The girls who feel pain"
listening to music
If this break was 14 days long, I spent atleast 9 days at the crib by myself facing one & listening to music
Listening to music &&'d texting my husband,
listening to music .
Listening to some new music can't wait to get more!! ;-)
Walkin to the beat of the music your listening to ^^
My Last Day of 2011started at 11 teaching english,listening to music and now Im having lunch with my parents.. :) good! I want tonight!!
Cleaning my room and listening to Dance Academy music :) xx bbl
listening to music puts me in such a good mood!
Spending new yrs eve in my bed listening to music, seriously wat a way to end my yr
Thinking about your actions while listening to some music can do you good ☺
i reallyy hate when i be listening to my music & a ringtone play, ughh
Up; My Myself; Listening to Music; Cleaning House& Tweeting. True Story Bruh!
The last day of 2011 is going to be spent like any other day for me - In my room on my laptop, reading, watching TV or listening to music
Listening to music as I pack
New year is coming up less than 4 hours. Going out with my fam and listening to music. What a wonderful moment.. :)
Someone is listening to really loud music, so I moved.
Last day of 2011 and all i did was stayed at home...now only listening to music and hoping there'll be fireworks to capture later...haha
Laying in the bed, listening to music,  no boyfriend <v17V9D
Listening to loud music to avoid the surprising "booooooooooooooooooom!".
It's 5:14 and I'm still up listening to music.
Don't know where my iPod is so I've resorted to putting earphones in my phone to at least make it look like I'm listening to music.
Its new years eve but im at my room listening to music supposedly we will gather outside for party but everything changes but im sure
Eating an apple and listening to good music :-P
Watching gay SpongeBob and listening to music...
Why am i listening to white music .-.
Why am I up soo earlyyyy! Fuckk I guess I have to start listening to music to be entertained
Listening to music bout to chill until work
Listening Dont let the music end (Radio Edit) - Winamp
Gotta turn off Def Leppard but..I am wanting to get up and do stuff xD listening to super upbeat music is bad before napping..
New Years Eve =stay at home,watching on the tv,listening music,sleep=Bored (˘Oƪ)
Hm, its 7 am, I should prob. go to bed, but wait I'm listening to music~~ ooohh~ Laa~~
Been listening to house music all morning, LOVE ITTT!
On LiveMixtapes Listening To Some Music
Listening to Victorian music boxes and recordings for the glass harmonica. I'm like some sort of particularly foppish supervillain.
Layin in the bed jus listening to music
Well at least u listening to some good music while ur on ur MC Hammer swag
Listening to some music lol :P
Just casually listening to music in my driving lesson and texting and the same time :p TIQ
had a shower. now just casually sitting naked listening to music. wow
It's amazing that even w/ Spotify and the access to entire libraries of amazing music the majority of people are still listening to crap.
Listening to a band because you actually like the music, not just because you think the lead singer is hot.
Plus listening to lounge music drowns out this daft women doing these silly exercise moves.
just realised that ive been listening to 80s music for the past hour.
Listening to the UKHOT40 TOP 100 of 2011 and realising how many good songs were actually produced during this year, I love my music!
I'm listening a music so crazy !
KinkyZeusRR watching tv and listening to music/ picking out a dress for tomorrow.:S and you? (:WBa
im about to listening to music and idk i guess watch tv!
Hot bath while listening to good music, this is heaven
Why do fireworks need to be so damn loud...? It's really annoying when you're listening to music or watching tv...
I'm listening to ABBA's music. (:
Man I Promise Ima Have A Good Day Just Because Im Listening To My Slow Music Right Now I Have No Worries Today I Can Care Less Bout Shit
when you and your pals are talking about marvelle getting engaged while listening to music and 'marry you' starts playing.... scary shizzle!
if i'm reading or listening to music OBVIOUSLY I don't wanna be bothered
Starting to like JLS. MUST KNOW MORE ABOUT THEM. While listening to their music. :D
Listening music with family;D
Now I'm gonna try to see if I can fall asleep listening to music from justinbieber's new Christmas a29Vlx
Listening to music.
Lady beside me listening to jar of hearts. Free music. Haish. HAHAHAHHAHAHA AIRIN MY FEET IN THE MRT
Listening to party- type music makes me only sicker. Hope i'll see the fireworks today.
I find listening to music while looking at animals walking very funny. Especially the dancing seagulMCqCT
wheezybeatz5th I'm always up but I'm listening to some music. Whate are youuu doing?7ifynS
Texting,Tweeting,facebooking and Importantly Listening to MUSIC. :D
Listening to music and not doing anything
Listening to real loud music while cooking chicken for tonight xD Party over here ;)
just listening to some good music (actually not 1D ..) and just waiting ..
When I'm listening to music, whether in my car or on foot, in my head, it's my own personal music vi
Listening to music that I'd never normally listen to, along with the fact that my mates will more than likely get into a fight? Nah
Yeah my music is upsetting my quite a bit, don't think I'll be listening to that any more.
listening to music in my onesie :D I would prefer to spend the rest of new years eve doing this as well, but my mum has invited ppl round x
Even after listening to Pink Floyd a thousand times I still find their music thought provoking  -▲<
Listening to House music. This isn't how I thought I'd spend my last two hours of 2011.
when in public, and listening to music I always self consciously forget to breathe.
Still listening 2 music bt also sleepy ugh..
Spending the last day of 2011 in bed, on twitter while listening to some music. I am happy.
Now listening to the radio. Let's end 2011 with lovely music. :)
If you haven't had sexual intercourse listening to Xmas music. Don't bother.....o868
Listening to Music while I clean up!
Lmfao biggest fail at working out but doing amazing job at listening to music!!
In bed listening 2 music...cbb to move all day today!
Listening to music, text away : )
That awesome moment when you're listening to Brahms and suddenly realise the music is familiar because of a classic Tom and Jerry episode.
Music, I'm listening to that
In the car listening to music waiting to clock in for work
Make my homework and listening music lol plus precisement skyrock lol :)
Woke up listening to music.. I love to mellow out..
Sitting in the car listening to good music. Good life.
Enjoying listening to my music and reading my book rather than the NYE hype. x
listening to gospel music with my music!
I love listening to that gangsta music
Listening to music <3
ma ingay.. can't hear my music well... listening to The Gazette =) their song Cassis ,still my favorite! =)
Listening To Wiz's Music Makes Me Think.
Listening to music while waiting for my hair to air dry
I really wouldn't mind if I just stayed here forever in a small Norfolk pub, drinking and listening to my friends playing music.
It's hot and i'm bored. Just lying on my bed listening to music. Yep, that's what i'm doing for NYE! :/ someone start a convo with me? :)
And yet somehow annoyed how she's listening to the same music as me :L
Listening to music…
Don't talk to me when i'm listening to music and especially when i'm eating. -_-
Listening to Justin's old music makes me so emotional, I remember the year 8 days when I listened to his My World songs every day :')
When people are too busy, listening to music at the bus stop and they realise their bus just went past.. LOL.
The last day of 2011 is going to be spent like any other day for me - In my room on my laptop, reading, watching TV or listening to music.
Half my music is glee so my dad is sat here listening to the warblers:')
Adding music to itunes, working on the new website and listening to great tunes from the likes of Michael Nesmith, George Harrison and more.
Im listening to violent rap music really loud . No one can stop me ! *diabolical laugh*
Being in a car with my sister driving means I have to suffer listening to her chav music
Laying on a driveway, covered in glowsticks and listening to music. Perfect last night for 2011
My dad took my iPod so that they will have music at his party. They probs will be listening to One Direction. Not my fault ;)
I'm listening to house music & it's ok coz alicat is the DJ & he's a nice genuine guy. I'll play wobbly bass at some point :)
Tidying up listening to my ipod which now has music on it, the start of an exciting new year!
Listening to various music, in hopes of finding some inspiration for FYP.
New year's eve I'm staying at home,listening to music & eating dominos pizza alone in my room! :)
I'm still not tired :/ ...Listening 2 music hopes it put me to sleep :) GN
I need new songs !! I'm bored & I'm tired of listening to the same music...
ok listening to 80s music at work! LOVE MY LIFE! being on newyear
Waking up to my .......(idk wat he is right now) voice in da moring and listening to trey and drake music ughhhh its heaven
Folks that tweet about music they're listenin to can scrub my wheely bin but I'm listening to Rockabye Baby lullaby renditions of the Pixies
Listening to this slow music b4 clockin in.. ughh
Listening To Music . .
Im listening to music allday so I could stayvin a good mood <3
I swore that I wouldn't tweet about what music I'm listening to (artist of the week is still The Xcerts)...
Lying in my bed listening to music cuz people don't care!;(
LISTENING TO GOOD MUSIC !!!! LOVE HIP HOP FOR NEW YEAR !!!!
Fuck it punchbin still listening to music fuck them.
Guy infront of me on the bus just turned around and told me he can hear my music and that I'm too cute to be listening to heavy music. Aw.
Im listening to some of Mariah Careys albums, i just love her music. ;b
i like listening to music and dancing at all hours of the night
Listening to VoZ Band. Nice music...
Layin in bed listening to classical music.
Went to sleep listening to music .
Woke up listening to music .
- Listening to gospel music &. bein' in a terrific mood is how I love to start my Saturdays! :)
Listening a music yuhuuyyyy
Listening to music until sleep takes over. Goodnight everyone, happy new year.
Love listening to the 2000's music
Ahhh im not listening to music... That's a new one :P
Just laying here, listening to music .. you ?
in the car home with my stepdad:L listening to david matthewwsss. acctually love his music:L
Lying on the sofa listening to piano-beats music.
“@iwas7youwere9: Gonna play classical music for my dog. Woot. Music listening test. Lol. :)))))))” -- poor doggy, tibby's gonna get hi :((
Listening to music while tidying my room, fun :|
Sooooo....I'm still up listening to music. :)
My kids will grow up listening to classical music.. I swear it. They will not listen their generation's shit.
Listening To Mexican Music^______^
Oh crap! I should be asleep, its 6:27am here in Dallas!! Am I crazy or something. I've just been laying here listening to music.. Ohh dear..
I just got scolded for being anti social int the car, for listening to music. AHAHA WTF
guess ill try listening tu music til iwake her up.!
Stuck sitting on the steps of a pub cause I'm underage listening to shit guitar players without even the countdown for the music on. Fml.
all the plan ruined. .home with coffee + listening Visual Kei music is enough then
Laying Down, Thinking And Listening Too Music <3
Listening to music and you know you my wet wet lol Wyd ?
What do I have to spend the last few hours of 2011? My music blasting radio (listening to 987fm now), my laptop & my assignment. LOL.
Davonna be listening to some wierd music.!
listening to the smiths again in the car, quite fancy some of morrissey's own music today, idk
Casually doin chores and listening 2 gospel music
I love it how my earphones effectively isolate the music Im listening to. Goodbye, random and ear-splitting firework noise :))
i was up at this time cause i was like up till 2 listening to music
listening to loud music with my lil bro adrian :*
Up listening to music
listening to classical music because im fucking sophisticated
Love to listening justin's music
I'm still listening to Christmas music
Smokin a J with the windows open listening to the rain n my music
Listening 2 some cool music
Just another day spent in bed listening to loud music and playing xbox.
Listening to my SMOOTH music
So I stood in a crowed bar full of idiots listening to some really great music.
Up listening to music texting I can't go back to sleep
listening to music and watching tele at the same time is confusing
tonight i won't go anywhere. I'll be doing my Maths homework while listening to music lol
Listening to Adam & Joe on 6 Music which is so silly it hurts! X
Listening to music at five in the morning cause... What else am I supposed to do?
Standing as usual on the train from Wales to London. Listening to classical music to release the stress...
Laying down listening to music ..
It's too early to be listening to music at this volume, but I will anyway. Fight me.
I'm being such a depressed bitch, and listening to a bunch of gay music. I shall bang my head on the table till I fall into coma.
listening to The Scissor Sisters self titled first album - party music at its best - doing a bare arsed jig around the room - so good xx
Can't believe my sister told me to turn my music down on my headphones while she was listening with me,WOT
my sister is listening to shitty chavvy crap music ugh
Ironing Kylie bedding at work. Listening to music. Can't be bad.
Mummy said Im with my phone 24 hrs. Oh mummy,I'm tweeting/listening to music.
famousinamoment just listening to music. I don't usually sleep like i'm supposed to. The sun rise heCpJ
I think it's time to start tweeting. I'll attempt to keep people up to date on music I'm listening t
Time really flies. My boy is a teenage now. He's listening to the music while studying. He can drive motorcycle too.
KID CUDI..some people don't know your music but bec of BEN lot of people are vising your site and listening your music now..
listening to old school 'my first cassette' shows. lots of music I forgot I had
absolutely hate not listening to music while I revise, but if I do I don't end up re-learning anything at all
Mackole87 lol man I am not tired at all I'm up watching YouTube vids and listening to music I'm shocLGY
Let's clean the room while listening some music ! (I speak the free english, i like being free :))
I'm so excited for new year... I'll finish the year listening to 1D music.. and I'll start the new year listening to 1D loL :')
Listening to Justin Timberlake's old album. I need some new music from him!
Listening to the music ~.~
My dad start listening my music ♥
Listening to music till I go back to sleep.!
Great day to sit outside, listen to music and write. Gotta ease my mind.
Let this New Year bring us all GREAT NEWS and GREAT MUSIC....~Love my Fans~
Culoe de song  is south africa's drake, in terms of great music coupled with horrible music videos.
Woke up late & it felt GREAT! Now, I need to get up, cook, turn my "clean house music" on blast, & start this MAJOR clean for 2012 project!
If Garnett Silk was still alive I think he would have done great things for reggae music. The potential was there to b like a bob marley.
Happy New Year 2012 is gunna be a great year got a lot of good music real music is back love the shift!!!
Adios 2011 bringing in the new year with great friends and some great music xo
In a great mood today! Music time:)
This music is putting me in a great mood :) lol.
Let´s have a 2012 with some great music! Shout out to tall the artists that work with me. Fly
Just watched Holy Flying Circus for the 2nd time. Easily my fave thing on UK TV this year, such good fun, great acting and wonderful music.
This was a good year with great music
Daikanyama, sake, great music and good company in my last hour of the year. <3
Don't want to spend a fortune to have a great New Years? We're open with live music and no tixs needed!
Happy New  Banging 2012 Dragon Year to all kvips&jvips !!! Let there be a lot of BB joy,happiness&great music to look for from Bigbang !!!
Happy New year~ Music makes great friendship for globe.
Sexy is a pretty great word. Even if shitty pop music is constantly trying to ruin it for me.
Marc Tattoo on RCDM feat Candace Sames - "Yes No Maybe" - Carrillo Music (Hot Remixes) - Great track, full support. (10/10)
im in a great mood, chillin in bed with music and my phone. mhm, great 2012.
I loved it! It was more MJ concert than Cirque but it was great. Lots of dancing, good music, special effects.
All Songs (12/29): A lot of great music coming in 2012. I really liked Shear Water, Craig Finn, Hank Jones, and Sharon Van Etten.
RJ on Ultra Music Weekly Radio Show Best Of 2011 - Thanks !  This is awesome - will sound great :) (10/9)
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
2011-Company, Follies, singing a crazy cockney song in Wiltons Music Hall, Great Expectations..... Graduating from RAM. Happy Memories!
First New year's eve without my other relatives :( no fireworks.. no music...and less food, BUTTTTT YES THIS YEAR WILL STILL BE GREAT!! HNY!
All our locations will close at 1 pm today, Sat Dec 31st so stock up on great reads, DVDs & music. A Happy & Prosperous New Year to all.
The great thing about it is there are flat screen tvs surrounding the whole club. I think they just go for the most outlandish music videos.
Catching up on D I D with Brian Cox. Great to hear someone choose music he likes rather than music he thinks others think he should like.
It's been an amazing year for Na Wai and we're looking forward to more great things in 2012! Our goal in 2012: release NEW music!!!
The best thing to do all by oneself is drive...with great music to listen to..awesome feelilng...
Without Justin, I wouldn't have twitter, I wouldn't have met such amazing people, and Music wouldn't be so great..
２０１２ - i wish y'all a great year filled with good music, strong health, loads of love and a packed wallet! one love ♥
NEW YEARS EVE AT CAFFREYS .GREAT CHEF SPECIALS .MUSIC BY POWDER KEG .FAVORS  .NO COVER NO MINIMUM
Or at least has great taste in music
I have accepted the fact that truly great films will often have some awful/odd music in them.
２０１２ - i wish y'all a great once filled with good music, strong health, loads of love and a packed wallet! one love <3
Ring in the New Year at B-Dubs with great music from DJ Dana Kelley!!!
Great moments in music: Mansun dropping "the only pureness left is preached by Marx" into the middle of a song about gender.
happy new year from the land down under, lets hope for health, wealth and more great music this year .. rock on my tweeterers !
*playing The Great Escape* Mom: "I can't stand music like this." Mom, wait 'til you hear Pierce The Veil and the other stuff I listen to.
Happy new year to all, after a great night my head is about to hit the pillow, hopefully I can sleep through this loud music (party outside)
had a great time last night at the Cape Cod Chat House. Good music, good friends, and a very cool place to hang out.
Country music great Gene Williams dies
Ok folks, last tweet of the year: time to put on the music/dancing shoes. Have a great 2012. Goodbye and goodnight!
I have a really great feeling about today, it's beautiful out, theres great music on.. Happy New Years Eve!!!!!!
Playing SWTOR, just went through the wreckage of the Endar Spire. Great memories of KOTOR, think it even played the same music :)
Happy 2012 for everyone!!! : *** .see ya next year with new great music <3
It was a great year, so looking forward for 2012....laying down some tracks and some new music.......be blessed .NsG.......
Great music all happening at one place, fantastic
"@ZdotProductions: 2011 has been a great year for UK Urban music!" amen bro! Enjoy 2nite happy new year!
Music makes my day start of great
Great music great night.
On the train to Copenhagen to some friends place. But it seems like the party has already started on the train! Great music and apetizers :)
I'm gonna enjoy my night tonight. Yeap. That's what it's going to be✌ Great music and great company ☺
2011 has been a great year for UK Urban music!
"@sardesairajdeep: Ok folks, last tweet of the year: time to put on the music/dancing shoes. Have a great 2012. Goodbye and goodnight!"
At this great hotel, with great music and booze. Fault: being here with parents. Whateveeeer I love them too much.
camera work ain't great and mess with the music is no bueno
Good music in the morning puts me in a great mood
Wishn u a prosperous new year may 2012 bring u great inspiration 4 givin us gr8 music@CuloeDeSong
Tonight from 8 -11 come join us at Rococo (Pen) for some live music and great food!
Great IAS performance. I don't know why people are slagging off the Pets. Haters can politely f off with the crap they call "music" today.
it's time to put on the music/dancing shoes...Have a great 2012...
Best Intentions is playing hehe great music to start a (hopefully) great year
I'm having a great time with my mom and sis. :) Awesome food and live music. Fuck yeah! :)
S/O 2 my SIOMG FAM(sas/pgh/abmg) 2011 we made sum great music....now in 2012 its time 2 releast dem and make more of it
2011RemindedMe of  alot of mistake's drunk nights Friends coming and going great music meeting alot
2day of 2nite it's NEW YEAR EVE we hopefully have a great time something 2 do like music & firework say goodbye to 2011 & say hello to 2012.
I'm back had a great time with family and friends good music FOOD and lots of laughs.....
Discovered so much great music lately that my old favourite albums seem like crap now.
going to an amazing gig :) with buffet,dance,live music gunna be great :) X
S/o to great hip hop discussions with _2ndNature. music soul mates, been sayin it since day 1! Not mkx0hA
I love your music!! It's great, I'd love to see you live..@jessiejofficial..please follow me!!
Had such a gud nite last nite great friends,great wine and gud music
Happy new years, people! Hope you all get a great 2012, with a lot of great music in your ears!
.@asset_transfer we could produce near-endless amounts of drugs, music and great sex without any substantial impact on nature. "Why not?"
Watching Can't Stop The Music on Nine, Great NYE Film.
finish your NYE dinner? Come to my bar and having great cocktail and enjoy the music from our DJ..no FDC
Check me out today on Magic 1530am/.com from 10am-2pm. Great music!!
Join us to ring in the New Year with great dinner specials and live music!
Imma fan of The Weekend's music he makes great shit
If you're in Columbus tonight...you need to make your way to Old Gold. Great food, people, music...and a special video from Tommie :-)
We are OPEN TILL NOON today. Go Ahead , make it a Caffeinated last morning of 2011- Dare ya ! some great music last night ........
no new year countdown plans...because I always stay at home to listen to the top 100 songs of the year!!!!1 every year is a great for music!
I wish you all the best and create great new music album. I love you, your monster
I'm getting a lot of great short films for Black Flag TV, but many use copyrighted music! I can't consider for inclusion, please be careful!
# HappyNewYearMotherMonster I wish you all the best and create great new music album. I love you, your monster
Happy rockin' new year everyone! May 2012 bring even more great music into our lives!
Great job on the TV this morning Road Crew!  You represented well!  I think the Music Director needs to smile more during interviews. :)
2011 had some great music hits.
so tired after last night. great night with lots of people, food and music. but that was yesterday. today is a new day and a new party.
I have a great love for 80s music
I want to show the world the great music and great fashion coming from Philly...js
I think Bart have got great music on his phone! I wanne have
My neighbors listen to great music.. whether they choose to or not.
How great would that be? Music just playing in your life which suited all you mood and why was happening, I want that.
played live music from molly drake's class and played bass for ti Harmony 's kirtan. a day full of music to end this great year!
- Spent an hour with God &. music it felt great. Need to start doing it every morning! :)
"@ariefirsyad: great music start from 60s till late 90s...till Justin Bieber and her friends came along and ruin it...thanks JB..." hahahaha
Playing for 3 different crowds tonight. If its one thing I'm great full for, is the talent god has given me in music. Thank You and YOU too
great music start from 60s till late 90s...till Justin Bieber and her friends came along and ruin it...thanks JB...
2011, was a great fuckin' year for two reasons! The music and MTV :)
I love The Internet ... Their music is great...
decorating room, download music and dancing! waiting for Gosia and Paula. will be great party tonight!!! :D
3. Joining Y2K music School and having a lot of singing experience and also Having a new great friends too :)
Shopping by myself is magic :,) almost as great as GOOD Music
I have great respect for PTI Halla Gulla, Music and Fast Foods initiatives, only if it had some political program as well :)
I'm just gonna lay here and listen to great music, eeek.
Go!!!!! ALTERNATIVE Songs!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)) Support This kind of Music! its great! xD
once again... HAPPY NEW YEARS! Being Straight Edge,i spent my night drinking Raspberry and Cola..great night! except there as no LIVE music!
This is such a great music production program, used by people all over the web and constantly receiving great reviews by its users
NME TV is closing. It wasn't great but better than nowt. Why is there no good (IF any) music / youth shows on TV?
Counting down to the New Year watching MTV. Great music. Funny commentary. It's not so bad. <3
Just wanne say 2 all the folk on Twitter have a nice day and a great 2012.  With lot's of Music love and happyness. God Bless you All
So long, farewell, 2011 was great! {with sound of music beat}...
You can't stop the music on tv now and Sherlock tomorrow, already a great new year in Sydney x
For me the only good thing in 2011 was music. Thank you all the great people who create music that gives sense to life!
Well I brought in 2012 with my favourite boy, a camera to my eye and great music all around. The best way to celebrate the end of a year.
Last PUMP class of the year this am at 10 in chamblee!  Join me for a great mix of music, motivation, and movement!
2011 was a great year for dance music.
~☺~ foood and music a great trip
Carrie's performance of how great thou art was one of billboard's biggest moments in country music for 2011 go carrie! Haha
Happy New Year everybody! Wish you all a great one, full with music and SP concerts! ;)
Kings cross club 77 on fri jan 6th mention my name at the door (kristina kelly) for cheap entry! Great music cheap drinks free giveaways!
Some great music on Radio 6 for those bored with tv x
Great music in 2011 w/ my quintet, Airforce Orchestra, Monsieur Dubois, Qeaux Qeaux Joans, Sven Hammond, Galaxy Child and many more; tx all!
I think dance music is a beautiful thing, it’s a great thing
Rdio is a new social music subscription service - follow friends and other people with great musical taste, and find new music to listen to
Might do some blogging later, 2011 has been such a great year for music, can't help but have a look back
GREAT question! Oh the possibilities! "@StevenLJohnson: Pop music deep thought: if Lady Gaga is next Madonna, what will be her Evita?"
I swear I could dance on the music of paradise, great job Coldplay, great job!
John Mayer jams never get old. Great Berkelee musicians making great pop music.
TODAY THIS IS IT THE FINAL DAY OF 2011! OH WHAT A YEAR FILLED WITH GREAT MOVIES AND TV SHOWS PLUS MUSIC. I DONT WANT IT TO END!
2011, thanks for all the great, beautiful and cool moments, meetings, experiences and the best music. Let's make 2012 even better!
Another highlight: fat boy slim backstage at bestival, and a summer of great music
"@MayDaytheMonsta: Lot of great little sections in classical music. For my samplers & interpolaters" <-puts me to sleep sometimes
Very much looking foward to having people over for a party later!!! Games, music, food and GREAT people!!!
is watching her brand new Whitney DVD - of her in concert and music videos, the greatest hits. Great moves that I plan to break out later!!
Had a great night last night, good music for me to dance to and obviously the drink was flowing lol :)
Music__TRB thanks for following me on Twitter! Great new stuff coming soon!
Spend Hogmanay with us!! Live music and great beer until 2am - why go anywhere else?!
Great gig at Ruislip last night. Amazing how rock music disintegrates Xmas pudding...!!!
Who chose the music this afternoon? It's great. There's a party in my books and everyone's invited.
dj khomus and myself team up to bring the best in not only your favorites but some great world music thrown in for good measure.
2011 brought us great music from Meek Mill & Rick Ross
Worship the Almighty for a great 2011 & pray for an even greater 2012. Love on, music on! Live it to the max! I'm at peace with my vices. ~
I can hear the music from fed square where im sitting, great views!! weeeeeewwwww bring on 2012!
One of the great things about new years eve is the music count downs u get from the years songs. been such a good year!! :D
mattvat Since you asked, a private membership club, rocking great music, scrumptious food
2011 has been a great year for music
Hello beautiful, last night was great. I'm glad we had the lights on and the music up. I wanted to look at you but not listen to you.
Adil is so Great as a Dj but he Speaks More and Plays Less Music.
2011 produced some great music! Would be impossible to have just a Top 10.
Hey everyone listen to Josh Stone music I hear he is great.
one minute im reading about alex ander the great the next minute im raving to music. LIFE IS TO INTERESTING FOR HOMEWORK!
«jgrigdes PecanBeauty7 I've gotta give U sum great music on Power92Chicago ALL Christmas weekend loncw6IN6
Hayley and the rest of the band will continue making great music at all costs so haters f*ck off. Paramore is still PARAMORE!
Here's to a 2012 that's packed with great books, good music, above average exam results and a really warm Irish summer. Happy New Year!
thank god for the good health of my family, making & keeping awesome friends, wonderful places, beautiful music, great opportunities
Hmmm, still here?!?!? Bored at airport, so great timing for end of year stats. We're talkin' music baby!
Big up to South African musicians, SA music is really big out here in Congo. Must say im having a great time
Blasting music and dancing like a maniac with my family. A great way to end 2011! Happy new year everyone :)
Having great fun dancing round the house to all the cheesy dance music I've got on iTunes while I'm doing housework.
On the subject of 2011 best bits...discovering great music /spending time with great friends, lovely teamies to keep me 'up' at work, family
Had a great time at the Music City Bowl, just wished I could have stayed longer. Going on over 24 hours without non-airplane sleep. :p
Writing a review for my  ."Top 5 Albums for 2011" .Great year for music.
I don't hate 1D. I just think that their music isn't worth fawning over and the members themselves aren't that great.
Deitrick Haddon...i think he does great gospel music...am touched!
Listening to french music makes me feel sort of pretentious but Coeur de Pirate is actually great so whatever.
Playin the Corrs out loud :D let's end this fucking great year with the best music!!! >_<
Aaaaaww The Sound of Music. I love to sing along! Great film...
NP (Great music) ?(4:14) New Age: Andy McKee - "Shanghai" {Art of Motion, Track 6, 2005}a4iwUM
Mumford And Sons are a great example of GOOD Music
Great, so the radio just has to play music that makes me wanna cry, the mood I'm in...
Happy New Year everyone! We wish you all the best in 2012 and hope it's a year full of great music!
Great entertainment tonight !!! One good thing about my Neighbours is they always play freakin good music LOL
I think it'd be great to visit Africa and learn about the native music.
Read all about it been on the music channels 2, great start to a new day (y)
Watching the victoria's secret fashion show - its so good to see models actually walking the runway with a smile & the music is great too :D
controversial but i don't see what's so great about beyonce i mean i like her music but
Who knew a mash-up full of mainstream music would turn out to be so great. JUST KIDDING IT SUCKS.
Music director Thaman is happy with the rerecording of Businessman. He says that it is a great experience to work with Puri Jagannadh.
I love NYE. I like watching the music countdown on channel 9. Best music all year. Goes great with the Seafood and beer smorgasbord at home
Many congratulations to Ian Stoutzker, OBE on the award of a CBE for services to music. Great supporter of Live Music Now and RWCMD.
tommygunz813 yo tommy great show man you and tae went ham keep the good music comming bruh.....D986u5
Music playing and calling it a night would be a great idea (:
Catch me 2nite @ Becketts for the New Year Eve, my commitment to you is to make u live a great night w/ nothing but good music
3ANGLE wish you HAPPY NEW YEAR, let there be a great 2012 for all friends. And now c'mon to New Year's Day with great music all around us.
This Samsung is great. Turned it up half way and my ears are bleeding! Only thing is when playing music you have to EQ the bass right out.
This is Angie, congrats Marv, every happiness to you and Rochelle, keep up with your great music xx
happy new yeah folks! time fo some good food some good peeps and some good music!! hope you all have a great evening. brrrp!
Looking forward to Jools' hootenany tonight. Need some great music to bring in the new year with a smile.
Great. Music. Crappy music is playing next door. *Shouts at neighbors* GET A GOOD TASTE OF MUSIC, MORONS!
Only a few more hours to go!! We're celebrating 2012 BIG this year! Come and join us for great food, live music, contests and much more!!
Started looking at beers for our Easter Festival. 4 days of great ale, craft beer, real cider, live music &, of course, fabulous food!
Great friends, great music, great games, and great ideas. Bomb night.
Big ups to the BBC on their Ibiza special Fri night, great music
My fav perfume. My loves. Good music. Great food. Glimpses of the Marleys now & then
Avicii is great! Listen to his music folkssss!
I'm glad they play South African music in a series like One Tree Hill. But of all the great bands they could've picked, Parlotones? Really?
New Parties gets boring if ppl think its about booze ... it can get amazing if you make it abt great music & some dance! :)
Damn money,music ,basketball and more money...  Sin city ahaha my life is great with these things and her.
Russell Brand and Katy Perry getting divorced? I always thought she deserved better anyway. Hopefully gonna listen to some great music as a
Great nite at pacha for alesso! Madd crowded tho :/ but the music made up for it :)
Great time w\/ the fam in the Music City. Always proud to be a Dawg, but 2nite was FUN. Love that my boys were with us for this one.
The beautiful bukit tinggi. Bbq, music & great company. The perfect place for a new year's eve celebration. I'm blessed. Happy New Year !
Great night, great friends, great music... And some pretty sweet dance moves!! Luv u guys!! margaritytf
May 2012 be filled with love, laughter & great music! Look forward to seeing you on our dancefloor in 2012! Kerri, Andy, Col & Satomi :D
Wow... come to think of it, I had a REALLY, REALLY good year! And it has sweet FA to do with boys or money! It was due to GREAT MUSIC!
17 September 2011 , Reinkarnation smansa , so great music party with maliq n d'essentials and especially with you
In the confines of my blanket on New Year's eve and I love it. Some great music on.
The Real Group... Beautiful arrangements and blending of voices make for great acapella music.
Just discovered another great thing music can do
Definitely great music on tonight. Not long till the clock strikes 12.
I can be myself on twitter! That's what I find great about it, I can share my love of music and fashion, and I don't need to care :)
After her great performance of One Family at Kohaku, Angela Aki has become global TT!!We, her international fans, love her and her music!
I've found that listening music, shower and making a puzzle is great ways to meditate. :)
You know what'd be great? If Rihanna/the rest of these female artists would stop being fucking sloots in videos. Let music do the talking.
My brother is listening to Foster the People. Their music is relaxing and great
Thankyou everyone I will have new music up soon . Goodnight great support
Dedleg Music on Flux Pavilion and Doctor P - "Superbad" - BigBeat/Atlantic Records - This is great ,will play this a lot (10/10)
Sliding along at Woodford. Music,  great Oz punning,  oh HNY rollin around
MTV base has been playing my kind of music for like an hour now..whoever "Kelly Matayyan" is, great taste...thanks for choosing the playlist
Food and great music @ the office!
Yeah baby workout in the morning bumpin music I feel great!!
One of the great things about living 1km from your nearest neighbor is being able to turn the music up as loud as you want.
I'm enjoying all the Drama,Entertainment Awards and Music Festivals all in the last days of 2011 but its more great watching it w/ ur family
meditation music, pancakes, coffee, me, myself and I. great combination and company.
So lazy to go out on newyears eve!Traffic everywhere!Let's just chill at home by d poolside,enjoy music,nice food,great friends n fireworks!
It's wonderful to see new business & jobs in central Illinois! Need to put together an evening of great music & fine wine for Legacy Winery
'80 to '83 great music early 80's
Saucebox went total dance club tonight. And it was killer. Many beautiful ladies and great music. Was a mini gaycation.
I'd love to have a girlfriend who has great music taste.
great...! another year of crappy music.
thank you One Direction for all the great music you gave us this year. Your music inspires million of girls. THANK YOU. WE LOVE YOU x
Winter Holiday Music Concert - Great Neck RecordYxe
Beaner music with my Nana puts me in a good mood (;
Playing Christmas music backwards and taking down the Christmas decorations ....Good Times..
there is soooo much good music that people dont know about, what a shame
Waking up to the sound of good music guess whos ipod my mom was playing mine :D
Drake do make good music can't even front on that
New music is always good
Good Music Lasts Forever ♫♪
Be sure to check out the WASS gallery ALL day today for free yoga, meditation, art music, good food, and PEACE!
I'm feeling this dude Childish Gambino...he's music is good
2012 is going to be a good year for music & movies :D
Happy new year and lots of Good Music in your life! \m/
My music taste is just too good.
Its ain't no good music on my 360 tho lol
I think 2012 will be a good year for music!
What's good with Drake and wearing these baseball gloves in his music videos
I enjoy my own music. I like writing my own songs. I dont care if their not good. You havent heard them, how can you judge them like that.
Might turn def but music only sounds good full blast smacking against your eardrums feeling the beat in your chest! Oh yeah!!
This amount of chaos may require booze to be dealt with effectively. Good music ain't cuttin' it.
I allways feel good when I listen to my music.....live life n love....
Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine.
Play some good music, Mom.
This year had some GOOD music that's for sure!
RT"@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine."
2011 has been hectic yep. blessed with good friends, family and music.
Good music contains : Emotion, inspiration, cross(feel&touch:D), imagination, skill,and dream
House music always gets me in a good mood..I'm starting to get amped for tonight :D
Music going good this morning
Wow. She's good. Fast graceful pirouette. Turquoise top, grey sweats electric green stripes. In time to music too. About 12 yrs. Jumps too.
I imagine cocky music could make any good situation bad.
My morning music playlist was going good until THAT SONG came on ..
Gile gile gile enak enak banget ini lagu di showcase. Bener2 sesuai judul. "It's all about good music" (y)
It's disappointing how people actually make their music with auto-tune & there's barely any good music left anymore.
No lie big up all the artistes 2012 soca music so good in a 3hr shift all the songs can't even play.
Tonight is about good salsa music, good food, GOOD DRINKS...and an even better GOODBYE to 2011! Go big & stay safe.  .<3
Nigerian music tis year was so good, even tho there were some rubbish 1s, wot is apako..tha was jus rubbish
Come out and join me tonight for NYE at the riverfront bar & lounge. Music, dancing, drinks, good company. See You there!
Good music can change your mood..doesn't matter what kind of music is it....
I'm so jealous of the people who will be up in Edinburgh for the street party. Good music, good atmosphere, Hogmanay. Deffo next year!
One good thing bout music, when it hits u, u feel no pain - bob marley
When eric plays good music in the car >
Feeling good this morning games n music :)
Only so many times you can roll around in a circle. Could at least play good music
fireworks boomin and party music gives me good vibes :> except no one's gonna party with me here D:
The proper music is integral to a good workout.
RT "@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine.”
Just getting some new music for my iPod. I have found some good music. some I didn't know the name to I now do.
I like Katorijinja at the dawn of the new year. Nice big fire like Bonfire Night. Smells good. Krautrock-like droning music. Drunks.
Someone tell me some good dance music?
“@guhraaaaace: Playing feel good music tonight! :)”
I love good people, good music, good food...I'm really simple...oh and a good DRANK lol
RT "@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine."
Now some Vanilla Flavour let the Good music Jam
Nice dinner, nice music with good friends by the beach under the fireworks. Decent new years eve indeed :D
Turn off light , tv , listen slow music and off bb ! Good night everyone happy new year ! All the best for us :) aminnnn
Good music is they still good to hear even the sound management is bad
“@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine.”
Does anybody know good party music ? Plz comment under this post ! ~Cissy
"@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine."
Our neighbors are so good in choosing the type of music that pisses me off! Good job!
with some loud music and a good supply of Lag for myself should do the trick.  Maybe some extra clothes wouldn't hurt.  I needed an outlet >
my aunt got this gospel music blastin but it good 2 wake up 2 tha lords music!
RT!"@GirlSpeaking: Boys, books, school, looking good, music, gossip, food, twitter and problems. A girl's daily routine."
The music on Tshwane FM is too good, I've never heard of a 4 hour mix on FM radio.
Good workout music=Good workout
Charlie Wilson still makes good music old school pimpin lol
Good music is what I make. Hit records for my fans.
2 chainz is trash lyrically. But then again that's all of atl rappers except for a select few. ....y'all make good catchy music though
PARTY LIKE IT`S 1999 AT JOHN GANDYS TONIGHT FREE ENTRY ALL NIGHT OPEN LATE JOIN US! GOOD PARTY MUSIC GO ON LET YOUR HAIR DOWN HAPPY NEW YEAR
She said you should come over, though the music' not my type, she said you should come over, just to have a good timeeeee(8)
Oshey(y)teamybb"@Dennyporshe: Isale Eko's completed ...Yoo hahahahaha its Drjazzzz !! Y'all shld expect good music soon ..02/01/2012 !! YBB"
I think Keri Hilson and Brandon Lamar would make a good couple hahaha! Can't waite to see his "keri Hilson dedication"music video.
No Roc Nation,No Good Music,But somehow I still Roc the Nation with good music..#Los
Someone please come here! At Encorp Strand, Kota Damansara! The music at this concert is really good. Now , I just need friends with me
/ ... my iPod died in the middle of a pretty good song. music video. that.
big dreams. good music. expensive taste.
I love good music
i love nashville its awesome..lots of good things happening in 2012.. keep an eye out..please share my link..juat want my music herd
I missed this. The smell of fireworks, the ear shattering noise it comes with plus the loud music, good food, smiles and my family. :)
Single is best for us. I have my music and photography to worry about. Good-bye. =]
Brain is fried. Awesome night last night, good music, good peoples.
Isale Eko's completed ...Yoo hahahahaha its Drjazzzz !! Y'all shld expect good music soon ..02/01/2012 !! YBB
90's music with my cousins. Chill = feel good. GV.
I love dance music, but JLo's "On The Floor" just, isn't good. [I have on MTV Hits]
I've quite liked this nye. Good people, good music, good outfits. <3
Girl the music sounds so good when your moving let me take you higher let me proove it cause hey hey pretty girl I believe it *course* <3 …
Good thing my tablet has music on it
If yu on sum good music that ppl not realli on spread it let us kno,, don't keep it to yourself. Yu defeating thee purpose..........kisses
People already got there music turned up and woke me up from a good dream
Neo soul I going in on pandora lol listen to it all day nothing like good music
Kendrick Lamar is dope... My followers got good taste in music.
I'm up feelin good all smiles time to finish up cleaning music flowww
Surprise!! Brodzilla n wifey stay for NYE.. Me n bun cook together, end up by good drinks,leyeh2, fireworks dan music housekoplo tetangga..
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Why is it all da good music came out towards da end of new years.
Pops playing that good old skool music this morning . Im grooving to it too
Good music early in the morning. >>
I love falling asleep to good music!
Girl the music sounds so good when your moving let me take you higher let me proove it cause hey hey pretty girl I believe it *course* <3 ……
On the phone to apple.. they got some GOOD music playing lol ;P
making myself beautiful right now :D Oh yeah some fuckin good music is playing on the radio i would say for the first time :D yayy :D
gaaahh spanish much music stations aare amazinngg <3 <3 aventura , prince royce y daddy yankee in the morning, today is gunna be a good day
Looking forward to spending time tonight with my daughter, my friends and some good 'ole live music.
I'm loving The Roots new album! Sooo good to hear real music, like with instrument
Beautiful morning filled with light and good music.. Need to speed things up to make it on that damn bus.
Music can put me in such a good mood. I wanna be a producer...
tonight will be good no matter what we do! drink, music, mates hahahaha!
Watching cypher i swear this the best cyper i seen i must admit 2011 had some really good music
Like or not tonight is House Music all the way.. The Good thing is I love House Music. Ba re gona le pina bare ke Mi Casa, Heavenly Sent..
♫ We droppin' that music, good people all around.  .We rockin', head knockin', 'cause they can't shut us down ♫
Oh yea good music supposed to be dropping a mixtape or album next year
Bringing the New Year on stage this....so looking forward to sangin some good music!!
Hmmm lets turn up the music :) this is gonna be good
The weeknd is different but def good music.
GOOD MUSIC!!"@Steff_LovA001: up floating bumpin the best of Etta James.....#classic"
2012 marks 5 years since I left Reign + the music game in NYC to pursue projects in Barbados & I have ZERO regrets.  God is good.
I have some really good music in my phone! How it got here Idk
Happy new year people! Thanks for an amazing 2011. May 2012 be filled with more good music!
My new Year is looking good already, golf lessons on monday, adding FX to my music video on Wednesday and friday making an Advert! Sweeeet!
good times, good music, good memories
I can have a good time to a lot of different genres of music!
rizzle kicks always have really good music videos
Highly encouraged this morning by Superchic(K)'s Stand in the Rain. Good music for the soul
One good thing about music, when it hits you feel no pain
Because good music can be so hard to find.
I just want to hear good music, be around well dressed ppl, & toast at midnight...#YearOfBlackOpulance
Only good thing to come out of new year's eve: I can blast my music full volume and nobody will care.
Good music
Ang ingay na. xD Mixed noises are not good. :| Music + boom = headache
Flipping through the music channels.. & see jedward in their new vid.. Songs not so good but cant help but love them ahah :)
If someone told me I had good music taste, I'd jump them :3
you're music's good though.  and i just had the feeling you are the re-incarnation of ol' John Smith. leave me alone unless you're fun.
I am so jealous of my neighbors!! They're all havin a party, out havin a good time!! I can hear their music!!! It's so boring here
Aagg jason derulo he GAY tho hs music is Good#gues so..worst New year's eve
Big dreams, good music & expensive taste..
Hmm let:s listen to some good music! Sleepin With Sirens I say! (:
how could I forget?! good MUSIC too of course
One spliff a day, good music mi haffi play, a dip inna di bay, keep di bad things away...
Music is ON! So good bye. Happy New Year everybody!
The day DMX lost his mind. When Aaliyah died. Damn he use to make good music.
2011 will be remembered as the year that the hipsters first became hip to R&B thanks to The Weeknd. I don't blame him. His music is good.
Work been playing some good music lately
Good times. Good music. Good memories.
Just up in the am vibing to this good music
Two times if you love good music
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." - Bob Marley
A good New Years party consists of: people, music, a few drinks, some to snack on, party hats, confetti, and most of all NO DRAMA!
Good gravy, you know I'm ready to travel when I'm sitting around speculating about what kind of music a fictional character listens to.
Does anybody know some good new music for me? I need some music close to Nickelback, Jessie J or something like that.
GOOD TIMES - GOOD MUSIC - GOOD MEMORIES
I hope She got some good music to ride to til we get to Memphis
Drake really isn't bad., I didn really listen to his music like dat but he's pretty good. !
Counting down the hours at Boardwalk with beach view, fireworks, lasers, good company & music.♥♥♥
and tony bennett completes a good year of music. goodbye 2011. you will not be missed
we can expect new superstars, good music
"Rather than thinking about popularity or sales, we have a big heart for representing Korea and showing foreigners good music" - Taeyang
Good music, good company... You can't touch the government
Everyone knoes R Kellys ; a peado ; but he makes good music though,
The radio Plays good music in the morning:) <3
"@born_n_cali: “@MzEndia: I need an app. For full songs for the EVO does anybody know some good apps.”mp3 music download"That's the name
“@ForeverBASIA: Im in love with good music no matter what genre it is ! I just love music!”
Best mate. Bit of music. Good times.
HeathieCat Hmmm not bad! Soooo pretty, funny, and has good taste in music besides Beaver and female QWvVop
“@MzEndia: I need an app. For full songs for the EVO does anybody know some good apps.”mp3 music download
Starting to get ready now, music on shuffle, good songs playing, gah excited!
Give me some good music, my drinks, n some good ppl to be around and I'm set
I Jus Wana Play Good Music! Not Bluetooth Music!
If 2011 gave us anything it was good music
I love country music but it is defiantly NOT a good pump up music..
I need coffee and some good music to give me some energy!!
Ok, I've made it official. Miles Kane is THE most attractive man in music and THE greatest guitar player. That ok? Good.
I'm in the mood to hear some really good R&B music like Kindred...
Tonight its going down at sonar 3 rooms of good music and drinks come bring n the newyear with us ...
I only pray you never leave me behind .Because good music can be so hard to find !
Drake's part in Aston Martin Music and in Good Ones Go are very similar...
How good is 2012 so far! Can't Stop The Music just started on channel 9.
butterfinger + fruit cocktail + good music = loveit
And, once again, if you thought no good music came out this year then you weren't looking very hard.
Aint no good music on
Being deaf when I'm older is the consequence of knowing that I've listened to some good music along the way.
hey people oh yeah time for some good music  and make myself beautiful
rihanna looks good in love the way you lie music video haha
Remember the song, more questions than answers???  In the 50s and 60s country music had a darn good go at these
Live music at crossroads, her voice is really good!
Quite new years eve/day this year me thinks.  Sit at home few beer some music and some gaming.  Sounds just bout as good as it will get tbh
Why do korean tv treat U-KISS so bad? They are talented, make good music and have a lot of fans so why are they being like that with them?
What's a good website to get free music off? Frostwire hoed me.
Finally! Good music at coconut street. Fireworks later :D
Omg, the music in comet is actually so good. I don't wanna leave
Had anyone a good idea against really bad&loud music from your neighbors?? >.<
''Life is not always good. . That's why music exists.'' . (Hayley Williams)
Good times, good music, good memories (:
Plan for new year night: Invite some people over,blast music and have s fucking good time
CONGRATS & A BIG S/O TO Jake Miller Music who has just been signed to Jason Derulo!! Good luck & best wishes!! <3
So much good music about at the moment :)
Abs Cbn Yearender special .1015 pm ..good news from 2011 ...sports fashion music industry and more....
New Years Evening tonight, music, beer and good times, get in early. £1 Sambuca/Sourz, Cheap Doubles and general debourchery!
Ever since I found out u could download music on bb yh.......... Good times
All da good music on today
kpop music festivals are so good at angering the fans
she keep skipping past all the good music ..
live music, good fellow, nice food, big rain. Ok! Fine! We stay!
Blasting music out loud definitely feels good !
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. . .(Uma coisa boa sobre a música, quando bate, você não sente dor.)
♪ Music Helps You True te Bad and Good Times ♪
that magical moment when you change music channel and hear ''JLS, 1D'' and you know the only good bit is coming up in wishing on a star..
I hear the fireworks .Above myy music thats not good so I have to put the music louder❤
•One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
just woke up...blasting house music....im good 2 go! lets make the last day of 2011 an amazing 1!
getting some good ass music!
I need to hear some good old school music..
Hilary Duff Album is so cute and she can really make good music, love her.
Nothing is more motivating than watching the sunrise over the mountains during a run (of course some good music doesn't hurt either).
a good morning for the rediscovery of the indie music scene from 2008.
Music pumping, drinks are flowing, party has started! Come on 2011 lets give you a good send off! x
In the shower music on blast remedies for a good morning.. .Morning ppl
Pavilion, lotta people and good music. Love it.
Gosh I'm so excited for tonight. Good Music, Fireworks, Friends and just having fun!
music...makes tha....world...go..rooooouund!! To be specific.. GOOD MUSIC!!
" One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain " B. Marley
It really felt good doing a music post like that again. Just finished a list of this year, and a list for 2012~
Music, good meat, and fast cars are the best stress relievers ;)
All all all Happy New Year! Let 2012 bring us many many many positive emotions and good music!
2011 was a good year for music....
Don't Miss Out. Tonight @ 9pm. Bringing in the New Years with good music, good people, a good time. Hmu
Nothing like good music to keep me sane.
My son is the best, only 7 and recognizes good music! Rockin deadmaus on his iPod!
you'll hear the music no matter thats what i do and have done since a lil boy...  ill miss talkin to good ppl to share my world and day wit
Songs that have good music videos?
BoyGeorge On second thought, I'm blessed. Warm safe home, food, loving people, good music, bills paiaGS
There's a pub downstairs. And they play good remix music. Lol, I'm just saying.. -dying inside- :P
Making Good Music Is Fun.
Good lord, the bass on Muse's Hyper Music is so powerful. It turns me on.
See yall l8r ... I got good music to male
djfreshdnb forgot how good your old music was! Best DNBr8jds
Good music is beautiful
Good music yeah
Music sounds good based on my mood
Christmas music, glass of red wine....yes, good feelings of joy!UWY7
Music blastin, laptop open, knockin out these proposals and work! Have a good day everybody!
Endland may be mild but I wish I was back in JA this weekend! Why do the good parties start as I leave? Missing the music and the food
Good music this morning
I so want to go out and watch the fireworks. But mom says...rest. Oh well. Good thing ate's playing loud music. :)
Time i get my life in order "spiritually,as a Daddy, as a Man of God,as a Teacher, Music is secondary to me.  Good bye twitter it was fun
Waking up to good ass music >>>>>
Writing this music dissertation and blatantly just waffling about "richer musical texture" and things to make it sound good.
A boring pop song is the most-played song, according to a music industry body. Another example of why popular doesn't necessarily mean good
Real good goood music
My only regret this year was not starting my own music projects sooner. But I saw a lot of good bands and met some good people. Cheers, 2011
I feel such pressure to deliver a good show for sun ya know! A new year so u know u gotta start it off right! Never fear good music is here!
So whilst yall busy bitchn around amma be doing sum good music
Dinner at Les Zygomates (Boston) was very good! Not only is the food wonderful but the ambience gets 2 thumbs up -- live jazz music!
DJ in next bldg playing good music. Tiesto and all. Enjoying.
Justin Timberlake is soooo good, but if I had Chad Hugo and Pharrell Williams producing and writing my music i'd be a revolution as well
Tacos, nachos, enchilades, rice, liquor, friends, music & games...tonight is gonna be a good ass night.
All I want for tonight and the rest of the new year is good music, good food and lovely people.
Woke up to my momma playing praise music I'm feeln preety good.
Some of her music is good, I won't even lie but I just love Russell Brand way more than her...
Clearly doing something wrong if a 50yr old drunk lady tells you to stop playing good music.
gOOD LasTT evEnInG oF THe .yEaRr.....:p enJOYy wiTh roCK n .roLL mUsiC.........!!!!!!! Louddddd! :)) Enjoyyyyyy!
music channels on getting my self in a good mood
One thing I can say about my dad is his good taste in music, can hear him downstairs whistling the tune of 'End of Time'.
Great music!!!! “@iam_eb Robin Thicke make good music”
Apart from all his ghetto shit, Marc actually has a good taste in music.
As long ad I have good music I can drive long distances anywhere
Gotta Get My Followers Up I Need Everyone 2  RT Support Good Music Follow Me
The music downstairs sounds so good! I need to shower
Good Morning Tweeps! S/O to all those who sent in Music Submissions! Tell a friend, and keep 'em coming!
studying music, still getting ready for this audition..kind of anxious..(thats good and bad)
2011 has been such a good year for music. Drake, the weeknd, Frank ocean, j cole etc...
Music is effed up, Good thing we're here
it's a good feeling when you get bose headphones for christmas and sort your ipod music out.
“@MarkJPHood: 2011 was a good year....as for me and my music, it was an AMAZING year! Can't wait for the next chapter.”
I think Rebecca black is a really good artist,so priety and a credit to music
2011 was rather good to meet a lot of nice people. Many good music memories.
HEELZiggler Any good music on the iPod today?
Tisha Campbell Martin made some good music.. Sad she wasn't famous back in the days.. I'd have more music to listen to.
Some good house music and shots at 9 am... Yea this is going to be a good fckn night.
Music loud, dancing to the beat while I clean. I'm in a good mood today.
Guess ill drown my thoughts out with some good music. d(-_-)b
Dream High 2 sneak preview looking good; especially w CNBLUE song as background music LOL..
Happy Christmas Eve to all! Have ans awesome day, enjoy good Music, friendship and a beer, and pleas4iLDq
Good morning! Is the last morning of 2011 lets vibe out to house music and let this year go.
I miss good music.
Turning music down now cause i hear domestics, good chance i'l score a fuck out of this
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. .Bob Marley
In 2012 I Will Only Support Good Music And Those Who Support Me
But music n my ears im feelin good
The only thing that will get me outta this bed is some good music or good tree.
Roc Marciano, Random Axe, Danny Brown, Fiend, Casual, A$AP Rocky, Death Grips, Tyler the Creator, BSBD = A good year for hip-hop music
hey if you ever wanted to try n figure me out  just give me good food n good music ,.,. we can talk about a lot with those two around
Cold beer + good music + close friends = happy times
Lesson of the day - "Curiosity + good memory gets you good music"
To be fair to Next, they play some proper good music in their shop
notice how all the good things about 2011 were all music related
4. I bought myself a Spicy Mcdeluxe . I just need some good music to keep me company .
I've really been laying in bed for ah hour cause pandora keeps playing good music. Lol.
i've been going on about this for ages but I LOVE RIZZLE KICKS seriously there music is sooooo good
Robin Thicke make good music
TheNastiez haha music and alcz thats all good bruh
He Always Makes Good Music Literally!
Thanks to all the stations who stream The Tanya Mullings Show u have made it an amazing year spreading good reggae music much luv to u all!!
non thing better than waking uo to good music
GOOD MORNING HAVE A SAFE NEW YEARS EVE. KEEP IT 100 MUSIC GROUP.
Made to order crepes, cliquot pouring like water, buddy hand-rolling cigars in the back, good ass music n good people...@StMiami thanks bruh
Watching Beijing New Year concert. Can't have new year without some spectacular classical music. Not quite Vienna but it's good enough! :D
“@PrettyBrunette: 2012 IS CRUNCH time from me ! time to get in the studio and make some good MUSIC.!” dnt forget me too ! Lol
TheFeralKid80s i'm good adding new music to my ipod :) much needed
why is my taste in music so very peculiar, lawzies. i guess i just listen to anything i think's good:{P
Good morning from Nashville! Came up for last night's Music City Bowl. Another bowl win for the Dawgs!
WTF Cher Lloyd actually made a good song?!? WHAT!?! Maybe there is hope for the future of music
Now they're playing Bombay bicycle Club! Next defiantly have good taste in music.. Makes me happy ^-^
poluting the airwaves with good music.
2012 IS CRUNCH time from me ! time to get in the studio and make some good MUSIC.!
The music is good. Everybody dance now. Everybody have a good time...Let's dance and get down... Have a good time. Happy New Year:2012
it's a good thing i like the music in this episode of yo gabba gabba since we've watched it twice already.
I am seriously not gonna get any sleep tonight. Music next door is so loud... At least they're playing good songs.
Respect-ing good music.
Why don't you stop being an idiot & think about what you're actually doing, listen to good music instead of jumping about to pish music?
best friends + bbq + XBox + good music + capsa: PERFECT! Its gonna be funnnn funnn funnnn. Have a greaaaaat new year's eve efribadeeeeeh :))
I want hear some good music not some soccer match commentator! >.< turns out somebody is at home and refuse to accept the pizza delivery. GL
24 hours to convert my cousin from Miley Cyrus music to good music. Gogogo.
Need new music. Could someone please tweet me some good songs/bands to listen to? I'd like that a loq1s
2011 -the rise of dub step. Good nye music only for that fact and also being on the drugs that created it
Everybody I forgot to mention: have a blessed 2012 with good health, good music and everything that supports making you happy
At work, trying to find some good music on the radio. Now  I know why I listen to internet radio, smh.
the range of music I listen to is wide. anything thats considered good music gets my listens. hip hop, r&b, and gospel mostly tho...
alchohol + good food + chicks + loud fucking music = good way to start this new year
I'm a true fan of good music
((will spam your TL with good music))
music videos been on alll night .. But good think they not playing the same songs .
So Kid Cudi has good music where have I been hiding.
The idea of spending new year's eve in a private beach is good. But it would be much better without this crap music.
why is it that the ones who are really good in music have less stage time than the bad things?
Happy New Year 2012. Can't wait what the new year will bring. Hopefully lots of good music.
Hey Had a look at that crystal antlers music video, GOOD WORK!@Paul_Layzell
Happy New Year 2012. We can't wait what the new year will bring. Hopefully lots of good music.
Punya mesin kopi, good music and good couches. Serves the best Tradi Indonesian Cakes and Coffee.
my mum has quite good taste in music, ed sheeran, the script, mumford. abit proud
one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain -Bob Marley
That awkward moment when someone change the music right before the good part
Mac Miller's music always puts me in a good mood :D
Music in the morning just puts me in a good mood.
Excited for a new year full of good music, better friends, and whatever the future hold!(:
The house to ourselves, good music blasting and good food awaits! :D Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah(:
Well heading off to bed seemed like a good idea if it weren't for the Young People's Music emanating from somewhere in the neighborhood...
'appy nw yr, evr1 :-). Enjoy good music and stay true!
can anyone recommend some good music sites, anything on outboard gear (analogue), sound design, scenes around the world etc...
What's good about music is that it will bring you back to the feelings you held at some point of time, even the first time you listen to it.
Too many albums to name! 2011 was a good year for music.
Twitter Tell Me Some Good House Music
In a good mood . I'm at work getting it to some gospel music with consumer lol .
Celebrating new years in bed with crisps, music and a good book :)
Why is it always the people who aren't into good music who post about music 24/7
Developing a good taste in music is one of the best traits anyone can have :-)
Its 14:32 here and I can't wait to go out with my friends at the evening. I hope they'll have good music!!!
I hate when I get in the mood where no music is good but all I want to do is listen to music.
Had a dream I downloaded loads of really good music, turns out it wasn't a dream, result
Evarose taught me that its possible for girl band can make good music
Hey, Skrillex. TV static and laughing hyenas doesn't make good music! Shiiiit!
Kinda glad my family has a good taste in music.
Anyone know of a good music composition (or something similar) 1 day a week course in London or Brighton?!
New years with silly string shots double dunks and good music uhhhhhh huh!
I only pray you never leave me behind, Because good music can be so hard to find
Don't really listen to much indie anymore but The Maccabees always seem to release good music
About to post the link to a record I did with Dave East X PROFIT title "Lampin" GOOD MUSIC FOR YOU!..
Wait. The only good thing that will happen tonight... Is........That  listen to MY music and not to shitty party hits :/
90s music videos on ABC. Awesomely bad and good at the same time!
2011 was a good year.. it was the turning point for us & music.. & its only the beginning! so we have to keep going..
I usually get a bottle of Rose Moet,eat good take a nap til about 11, blast the music until the count down, shake up the bottle an pop it
If you like good music.. go to sky channel 191- BET!
I am annoyed with people who think Daft Punk are like Gods or something.  Sure they make good music.  But God can't compete with Daft Punk.
2012 wish : MEET JUSTIN DREW BIEBER AND Make some good music with him (; <3
I think this is the first time the airplane has good background music =]
It was just a good feeling no drama, beautiful women, nice drinks, good music and my niggas.
Music-asourceofjoyofthewisemen,itcancausepeople to good ideas,it penetrates deep into his mind and is easy to change the habits and customs.
R:evolutioners try to come early to avoid nye traffic and enjoy the complete journey from all 4 area of good music
Such good music on the F1 review, Coldplay, Mumford & Sons and now Muse
I need Wale's music. Been putting good ish on the back-burner for too long.
good music for the moorning!!!
good thing planes have new films out and music to listen :) that was my favourite part :)
New choice of music for the car today - went with beady eyes album ... Good choice tweeps ?
Everytime I get up I'm thinking ... "where's my theme music?". Good morning hoodrats.
I don't think we really appreciate good music...
Playing Tipsy so loud now! I just want to dance like mad! The music is fucking good!
My children will learn to love good music! None of this rubbish that produced these days
Boys~ . .Long hair + good music taste + piercings + skinny jeans + band t-shirts > spiked hair + six pac + chinos.
He can sing real good, I lovebsome of his music.  But I hate him as a person.
Good lord, Can't Stop The Music with Village People
"@Buttadon: Drake makes good music but after awhile he can be a lil annoying."
Life wouldn't be half as good if music wasn't created.
Waking up to music in my head/these new songs want to come alive/good morning Purple Hearts//
Fucking exhausted. Good music all the way home c:
New years, 70's music, good mates, few brewskies= good times!
Full fledge basketball game happening in the living room with music blaring..good thing I'm nottryintAiA
travelling back over the years to other New Year's Eves, with ppl and music and good food and drink. Feeling kinda melancholic.
THE FIREWORKS WERE PRETTY GOOD, THEY WOULD BE BETTER IF THEY PLAYED COLDPLAY INSTEAD OF THIS HEINOUS MUSIC?
"mainstream music is mainstream because it's actually good music" my friend.. you have such primitive views on music
Good morning!! I wonder if its too early to bump my music?
Why is all the good music coming now? I love 2012 already!
Squash soup, steak, paella, roast chicken and good vibes 70s music at the Alcantara house before media noche at home!
Good Times, Good Music, Good Memories
In 2012 I am looking forward to the Olympics, the Diamond Jubilee, baby Kaiden getting older, and lots of good TV, films, music, and books.
Forgot how good 2011 was for music!!
hmm i need something funny to watch or music.....wat are some good vids on youtube
googoo gaga is not good music
"The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music." - George Carlin
People ask me why am I always in a good mood? my answer is music.
