HAHAHA... us niggas used to be pressed over Mafia Wars.
Im thinkinh of growing marijuana on Farmville then selling it on Mafia Wars?wO0
Now I'm designing a website for my mafia wars group--considering I have so much still to learn, I'm getting busy FAST!
buddy tells me he's been playing facebook's mafia wars for seven year. boosting him to level 1000+. wtf is that???
Umm..never stops raining here.. I go online & realize that playing mafia wars using my husband's laptop is very fast, hahaha!
When I had a Facebook I played "Mafia Wars" all day. That was the only reason I logged on to Facebook.
that's weird. but he only wants more mafia wars friends. FAIL.
idont get it when someone dm's u and its like mafia wars or an ipad giveaway like firstof all how do
This nigga said are you playing Mafia Wars...
These Join the Mafia Wars Messages i be gettin, are gettin outta hand!!!
I'm Wondering If You Can Grow Marijuana On Farmville Then Sell It On Mafia Wars?
No notifications of someone wanting me to join Mafia Wars, Farmville, Cityville, Castleville, etc., etc....
playing mafia wars 2 at level 46
mafia wars !
keep getting invites to play mafia wars, please leave me alone :(
Is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars?
Zynga, the online games maker behind Mafia Wars and FarmVille, is set to raise $1bn on its US stock market debut.
Hey I just added you to my MAFIa family. You should accept my invitation ~ A Mafia Wars request from a gay tweep
"Is Wondering If You Can Grow Marijuana On Farmville Then Sell It On Mafia Wars?" Lmaoooooo you see the dumbest shit on fb
Allies empire and mafia wars 2
I wanna play an old game i use to play everyday on Facebook....that's right...Mafia Wars...haha~
is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars?
You wanna play Mafia wars ? I win btch !
hahaha my mafia wars tweet got replies from people thinking I'm a gamer
papa g is talking about the fight in my fam between my brother and my bitch ass cousin. sounds like mafia wars.
If I get another invite for farmville, I'm going to get my friends in Mafia Wars to shoot your cows and send the meat to Cafe World!
I wanna go check how much money I have in mafia wars now on myspace. lmao, I had like 17 billion about 2 years ago.
Hey...fuckin' nerd..I don't want an invite to "Future World" or mother fuckin'..."Mafia Wars."
hahaha! That game key ooooo“@JaDaSparkles: Ppl still send Mafia Wars requests? Smh”
Ppl still send Mafia Wars requests? Smh
so to no mafia wars
I'm not going to add someone who's timeline or wall consists entirely of 'Mafia Wars' and stupid fucking status'
I love how mentioning Mafia Wars earlier is getting me all these bot retweets.
Nomore game request plz...only mafia wars and cafeworld ;)
omore game request plz...only mafia wars and cafeworld ;)
mafia wars mana MAFIA WARRSS gueee ! ! !
Last tweet just got me spam from Mafia Wars. Pretty lame that all they can do is put a virtual horse's head in my Twitter bed.
I'm going over to fb to join Mafia Wars and finally take care of this Farmville problem once and for all. Thank me later.
Does anyone ever get to their deathbed and think "I may have some regrets, but I'm really glad I joined Mafia Wars"?
you wanna play Mafia wars?! I win bitch lmao
Mafia wars 2 Turf War contest entered! Hope I can be the winner! The Winner announced on 6th January 2012
If Ron Paul ended the wars, CIA would keep working for criminal mafia banksters. Regular military doesn't even know where CIA are located
YALL SHOULD DOWNLOAD DIS LIFE IS CRIME APP ITS KINDA LIKE MAFIA WARS BUY WAYYY BETTER
I wish my dad didn't have to go to work so early all the time, please .Stop working for both border wars/and the Mexican mafia.
54-year-old Bettysue Higgins embezzled $166,000 from her job at a law firm to pay for virtual coins on YoVille and Mafia Wars.
what ever look like mafia wars matrix no hiuuuuuu!!! the important one is FREAKING COOL <3 but is he sick :(?
LWKMD RT"@Mr_Edgal: anoda invite 4 farmville, I'm going to get my friends in Mafia Wars to shoot your cows and send the meat to Yahuza Suya"
If I get another invite for farmville, I'm going to get my friends in Mafia Wars to shoot your cows and send the meat to Yahuza Suya
Downloading meek millz and playing Mafia wars 2
I'm wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. .add me mafia wars 2  all welcome  join me get a bigger crew in street credit  p
mafia wars
They don't have the normal mafia wars on the appstore wtf
Someone RT'd my tweet about Mafia Wars? Hey you should learn Tagalog :'D
idont get it when someone dm's u and its like mafia wars or an ipad giveaway like firstof all how do u even get my twitter name ?!?!:(
I'm sure none of my friends give a crap that I logged into Mafia Wars one time in 2008.  Why is Facebook so fucking stupid that way?
So now someone proposed via a Mafia Wars-esque game on Google Plus? tsk tsk...
mafia wars:))
I have a few trillion in Mafia Wars money. Think that would buy me a hooker for the weekend?
Playing Mafia Wars on facebook ;)
Unfollow por pedir que me una a Mafia Wars
"He rap like he this Great Crook...you aint poppin tha 4, he only kill niggas on Facebook.....MAFIA WARS!!!"
The "Gamer" - Plays Words With Friends, .Mafia Wars, Bakes virtual cakes and shit, etc., .ALL DAY.
Or why don't you just go back to your fragile fucking routine of playing mafia wars all day and talking to your fake "friends"
You say “I suggest you join this Facebook group and get 500 free Mafia Wars points” but all I see “Block me.”
I'm trying to find out can you grow Marijuana on Farmville and sell it on Mafia wars?
Sooo my bro just let me play mafia wars , the shit is very violent.
If you're still iniviting me to "Mafia wars" on FB, you ain't shit.
You wanna play Mafia wars I win bitch. Lmfaoooo
Is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars
Tip From The Don: There's a chance you'll receive bonus rewards just by clicking on Mafia Wars emails.
17,5 mil op mafia wars
facking hornet sniper op mafia wars
I'm starting to find games like PMD and mafia wars style kinda fun
Mafia Wars 2
main mafia wars.. :D
Acc mafia wars nge-rt tweets gua...... Muahaha:>
I'm growing marijuana on Farmville then selling it on Mafia Wars >=D
"YOU WANNA PLAY MAFIA WARS ? WELL GUESS WHAT !? I WIN BITCH !!!!"
Mafia Wars II again !
"You wanna play Mafia Wars, HANDS DOWN BITCH, I WIN, I WIN BITCH, I WIN!!!" Are all italians that crazy?
Uu wanna play mafia wars wit me ?? I winn bitch !!!!
Babe. Laruin mo Sims ko pati mafia wars =))) please? :((
Is wondering if you can sell marijuana on farmville, and sell it on mafia wars..
You wanna play mafia wars? I win bitch!
Mafia wars B-)
I would appreciate it if you stopped sending me requests in mafia wars, thank you.
mafia wars 2
Remember when you all went crazy over 'Mafia Wars' on Facebook? I still hate you for that.
Playing Mafia Wars Now
I used to play mafia wars and I kicked ass x
a request to play mafia wars? really? wow, thanks! :D
“@brannndi: When my dad talks about mafia wars I sit there nodding my head like I understand, but in my mind I'm like whaaaaaaaa? ” hahaha
if i fit transfer 10% of my money for mafia wars to my GTB account...
slow day at work today so i decided to stay n my pj's and play mafia wars!!
mafia wars 2.. ^.^
instead of playing mafia wars i just send myself blank text messages
You know what i love about Twitter? There's no Farmville! No Mafia Wars! No Branch Out !
When my dad talks about mafia wars I sit there nodding my head like I understand, but in my mind I'm like whaaaaaaaa? 
wanna play mafia wars right now
Modern War is basically an animated version of Mafia Wars on Facebook
WTF inih (ex) gebetan gueh yg gagah kul ashoy main Coco Girl dan Sorority Life?? Mafia Wars/ Hold 'Em Poker I get, but coco girl??? X))))
Sat here watching csi while my dads on my laptop falling asleep doing his mafia wars xxx
Main Mafia Wars ahh d Pc + On Twitt ..
wtf mafia wars..
Oh, and it is called Maffia Family Wars instead of Mafia Famlily Wars because it started as a dutch game ... Maffia is dutch for Mafia :)
Funny that iam back on mafia wars 2 my real life missions seem not so diffrent keep my list full ;) salamat Amon 72
"You wanna play Mafia wars, well bitch I win"- Renee Graziano
Her ass on Facebook playing mafia wars & FarmVille -_-
4:17 am and im still up on twitter and Mafia Wars 2..i think its time i tucked in
Twitter is just like Facebook except it eliminates all the stuff that sucks. Like Mafia Wars, baby photos, and people you know in real life
Twitter is like Facebook except it eliminates all the stuff that sucks. Like Mafia Wars, baby photos, and most people you know in real life.
Twitter is just like Facebook except it eliminates all the stuff that sucks. Like Mafia Wars, baby photos, and people you know in real life.
my mama be tryin to make me play mafia wars.. lmao.
Mafia wars on facebook
I was playing Mafia Wars probably
Ahhhh, I can't wait till Mob Wives comes back on this Sunday! I love me some Renee! 'Wanna play Mafia Wars? I win BITCH!' haha love her :)
Mafia wars :ss
You Wanna Play Mafia Wars! I Win Bitch!
I got WAYYY too many PS3 games for christmas, I am stuck on what to play!! Goldeneye? Star Wars? Dues Ex? Duke Nuke'm? Mafia 2? COD 3?
Want to play Mafia Wars ? .I WIN BITCH .
Most Popular Facebook Games: From CastleVille To Mafia Wars 2
My parents and aunts are talking about games on Facebook. Danm .U mafia wars and cityville!
My father definitely has a problem with Mafia Wars.
mafia wars ligeiramente fdp, chantagear sem teto: 150 reais. Chantagear prefeito: 15 mil reais
to me sentindo bad girl jogando mafia wars no face =)
Mafia wars
Does anyone play mafia wars anymore?
add me mafia wars 2  all welcome  join me get a bigger crew in need of energy  please  .I'm wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy Ne
enjoei do máfia wars :c
No, I do not want a Mafia Wars request now go away.
i does play mafia wars 2 everyday........
Mafia Wars 2 on facebook
Mafia Wars hoahhh boring :O
7 Muscle Gain Foods That Heal Your Body | Chev's Mafia Wars Blog: 7 Muscle Gain Foods That Heal Your Body. Through our busy work sche...
«@BOOzHEE Dis is Mafia Wars & I win BITCH!!!»
Dis is Mafia Wars & I win BITCH!!!
I miss the old Facebook. When it was still about Mafia Wars, Sending gifts, poking other people and Farmtown. Now FB sucks!
Mafia Wars
Sorry guys don't request me in any other facebook game unless its wwfs. Mafia wars?! Wtf
Im if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars?
Guys . . . Please add my ID for Mafia Wars Shakedown : 294-474-327 . . . •°•τђåήќy¤u•°•
maglalaro uli ako ng mafia wars .. lol .. back to the old times .. hahha
crazy, crazy for my Mafia Wars... haha Galaxy rules! :)
doubt that's true. Seeing as he said he played Mafia Wars with Dr Dre.
C'è Mafia su Facebook. Mafia Wars.
Merry Christmas wishes you the whole team of mafia Wars 3!
Mafia Wars !
“@bubbles3409: I Have a computer obsession like Chris has his mafia wars. I actually do :o” what's your obsession?
oh Mafia wars have i missed u... i promise to play u as much as i can next year
I'm addicted to Mafia Wars Shake Down app. Anyone else play that?
If this 55 yr old man doesn't stop sending me request in mafia wars im going to end him. More importantly how the fuck did we become friends
Just got home and still with the same view.. MAFIA WARS :(
S>>mafia wars MINI FIGHTER account.  mention for more info *serius*
Planning to plant weed in Farm Ville and sell it to Mafia Wars ..
There is no official guide for Mafia Wars, Farmville, Cafe World, or Frontierville and there is definitely not going t
'FarmVille,' 'Mafia Wars' maker Zynga slips on 1st trading day
MAfia Wars LV 350 ! Yes !
Anyone else waiting for Words with Friends to announce Alec Baldwin as their new spokesman? Then Tina Fay holds up a bank using Mafia Wars.
Please add my ID for Mafia Wars : 4600 7575 88 . . . •°•τђåήќy¤u•°•
I'm growing marijuana on Farmville then selling it on Mafia Wars
If u are 40 nd u intently play mafia wars on facebook we all kno ur a virgin
Ian is playing Mafia Wars II in the harbor...
get the biggest, best, and most complete Mafia Wars guide on the Internet for a price so ridiculously low that you’ll never again see
mafia wars time =D
I Have a computer obsession like Chris has his mafia wars. I actually do :o
You Wanna Play Mafia Wars? I Fucking Win Bitch ;
The Mafia wars of forward texts are on my case, come slowly!
I just started on mafia wars 2! It's a lot more interactive than the first one
somebody sent me a 'mafia wars 2' invitation on facebook. deheck?
Ain't playing mafia wars anymore. Don't u see it? Well, u need a clear glass then.
[Diamond 1] .Brigadir "MA₢ZMAN ƤĦØиgσЯØÇҚ'Ś ⓜ" level 1154 Maniac .Report Abusive Behavior. mafia wars
chale mafia wars dms come bunch oh! WHY!?
Bout To Play Mafia Wars.!
No one spams me about Mafia Wars now. Did someone win or was a peace agreement reached?
Ini nih yg menuhin notif request mafia di fb :D → "@ephankFANDASI: Daily limit exceeded!!! aaarrrrrgggghhhhhhhh,....... mafia wars!!!!!!!"
Daily limit exceeded!!! aaarrrrrgggghhhhhhhh,....... mafia wars!!!!!!!
Em breve jogarei Máfia Wars ! (yn)
For those who keep sending me farm ville requests Please stop! I got banned because I was growing marijuana and selling it in Mafia Wars!
Why would you , in this day , send me an invitation for Mafia wars, to my twitter ?
