Books to read? I need something, a series, that I can reallly get my teeth into.?
I've read all the major ones, twilight, harry potter, inheritance series, old kingdom series, his dark materials trilogy etc but i'd like something fast paced and similar to twilight thanks.
Series:. - The Immortal Series (evermore, bluemoon, shadowland) by alyson noel. -Wicked Lovely (wicked lovely, ink exchange, fragile eternity) by melissa marr. -Maximum Ride Series (the angel experiment, schools out-forever, saving the world and other extreme sports, the final warning, MAX) by James Patterson. -the skinjacker series(everlost, everwild, third book not out yet) by Neal Shusterman, also Unwind by the same author. -the uglies series(uglies, pretties, specials, extras) by Scott Westerfeld. -the immortal instruments series(city of bones, city of ashes, city of glass) by Cassandra Clare. -house of night series(marked, betrayed, chosen, untamed, hunted, tempted) by P. C. Cast. -Michael Grant: Gone, Hunger. -the hunger games, catching fire, third book not out yet by Suzanne Collins. . . . These are books that will keep you busy for a while:. -The Host by Stephenie Meyer. -Under the Dome by Stephen King (pretty much any stephen king book keeps you busy). -the time traveler's wife by audrey niffenegger. -shiver by maggie stiefvater. -lock and key by sarah dessen
I've read the Twilight series, but I need something to read while I wait for Breaking Dawn to come out.?
I love the Twilight series and the Five Ancestors series, but I don't have anything to read while I wait for Breaking Dawn and Mouse to be officially released!!!!! Help! I am having a book trauma!.
If you like Twilight you will probably enjoy Darren Shan - which is about vampires too. . Or A series of unfortunate events - its an addictive series!
Do you need something to read when you take a dump?
My husband will run around the house clenching his butt cheeks together trying to find something to read while he poops.  Is this normal?  Is this a man thing?  if you answer, tell me if you are a male or female..
I am a male, and always have a stock of reading material next to the porcelain. I thought it was compulsory to read. (I will read ANYTHING, even technical journals while relieving myself).
I really need something to read! Can anyone recommend a 15 year old girl anything?
Ive read twilight and loved it, Harry potter, eragon, and lots of others. But i want to read something else and not sure what direction i should go in... I like romance (i think most girls do :D) and im not much of a fan of sci fi... can anyone recommend me some good books that are un-put-a-downable? thanks! :D.
Book / Author suggestions- I need something to read?
Things Not Seen by Andrew Clements
I Need something to read at my grandad's funeral i'm 18 and he died this week of cancer?
. I would prefer a poem to something ive made up myself as i dont think i could read that out..
I agree with Cheergirl. Your words should come from your heart and from only you. sit down for a minute and think of what he meant to you..thats the only occasion i wouldn't use other quotes butonly words from your heart.. Sorry for your loss
I Need Something To Keep Me From Cutting, Anyone Got Aything Interesting For Me To Read...?
Don't cut yourself, it's not worth it.. Here's stuff to do: (least my suggestions). 1. Watch music videos and concerts. Basically anything on Youtube.. 2. Take a walk, run, do yoga. Physical exercise relieves stress and you feel better afterwards.. 3. Try cutting out pictures in magazines and make a collage. . 4. Paint and draw pictures.. 5. Get a job. . 6. Try to make a list of goals (like ex. I want to lose 10 pounds) and work on that. . 7. Join activities, sports, or clubs. Meet new people.. 8. Hang out with your own friends. If your friends are part of your issues, focus on making a few new ones.. 9. Go shopping, if you don't want to, just walk around the mall and look at stuff.. 10. Watch TV/movies.. 11. Learn how to play an instrument or acquire some sort of new hobby (a good one).. 12. Swim at the pool. . 13. Bake/cook something. . 14. If you want something interesting to read, go to the library. Or buy magazines to read, or read newspapers.. 15. Think about when you start driving? lol . 16. Listen to music. Or, write stories/poems/songs. (Songs are a good way to get out stuff on your mind.) Or write it down in a journal. . .
I need something new a fresh to read?
I only recently became an avid reader and I need something new to read. I keep reading the same books over again because I can't seem to get into other books within the first couple of pages. Books I like are:. . The Twilight Saga. The Hunger Games. The Host. Beauty and the Beast . The Silver Kiss. . Like I said, just became an avid reader. I don't really want to read any of the classics. I want modern and fantasy..
I just got through reading all of the sookie Stackhouse novels and need something else to read.?
I absolutely loved the books they had the passion the actions scenes. So i really need something else to read. I also really like twilight but i would like something more adult. Doesn't have to be necessarily vampires but i do like the supernatural. Thanks!.
Try The Dresden Files, by Jim Butcher.  The first book is "Storm Front".. . wl
Summer bordem is coming on, and i need something to read?
I am looking for something that has the proper mix of romance, adventure, and fantasy.  It has to be clean, meaning no sex, language (if it can be helped) or worship of gods and/or goddesses.  Preferably long, complicated, and intriguing.  A series, trilogy, or collection would also be nice.  I need the author's name, if possible, and please tell me your opinion of the book, not what it's about.  Please answer!.
The Maximum Ride series.. .  . WELCOME TO MY NIGHTMARE.. Do not put this book down. I'm dead serious - your life could depend on it. I'm risking everything by telling you - but you need to know.. . STRAP YOURSELF IN for the thrill ride you'll want to take again and again! From Death Valley, California, to the bowels of the New York City subway system, you're about to take off on a heart-stopping adventure that will blow you away.... . YOUR FAITHFUL COMPANIONS: Max, Fang, Iggy, Nudge, the Gasman, and Angel. Six kids who are pretty normal in most ways - except that they're 98 percent human, 2 percent bird. They grew up in a lab, living like rats in cages, but now they're free. Aside, of course, from the fact that they're prime prey for Erasers - wicked wolf-like creatures with a taste for flying humans.. . THE MISSIONS: Rescue Angel from malicious mutants. Infiltrate a secret facility to track down the flock's missing parents. Scavenge for sustenance. Get revenge on an evil traitor. And save the world. If there's time.. . Thriller-writing sensation James Patterson, author of the #1 New York Times bestseller When the Wind Blows, invites you on a quest full of nonstop action, adrenaline, mystery, and suspense. Want to come along for the ride?
I need something that reads what i write(read details)?
I really need something that reads what i write, but heres the hard part, i need something that could read my whole powerpoint presentation for me. Is there any program that could do that? Please post a download link to it. Thank you.
Books please? I am soooooooooooooooooo bored! I need something to read! Any help? Ideas? Please?
I read just about anything, but keep in mind i am 14. I do not read harry potter, my family just won't let me dk why. i have read twilight, and some of the series of unfortunate events books. i like action adventure, and romance the best. but if you know of any westerns, nonfiction, and so on please let me know!!!! I NEED something to read! THANX!!!!!!!. authors and titles would be apriciated! thanx.
I need something to read at work, I'm so bored every day?
I went to Borders and looked at the mags 2 days ago but nothing interested me.  What's a good book or mag that you're reading now that I should get?.
"The Once and Future King" is by T. H. White, and it starts with "The Sword in the Stone" about a legendary sword that is stuck into a stone.  Legend says that whoever can pull it out is the King of England.  A poor boy named "Arthur" finds that he needs a sword, and .... . "The Princess Bride" by William Goldman.  When a beautiful girl is kidnapped for a forced marriage, her long-abused groom recruits some unlikely allies, and goes to her rescue.  A very funny, romantic adventure, and source for Rob Reiner's wonderful movie.
I need something to read over the summer, what books would you suggest?
ok,  i reallllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyy love mysteries like The face on the milk carton... i already read a lot of the Nancy Drew books, i also love books like the ones that Judy Blume writes..... please help!.
*The Cruel Mother by Janet LaPierre. *No Time For Goodbye by Linwood Barclay. *She's Come Undone by Wally Lamb. *Perfect Chemistry by Simone Elkeles. *A Fine and Private Place?by Peter S. Beagle. *Willow by Julia Hoban. *Secrets by Freya North. *Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz . *Tell No One by Harlan Coben. *Gone for Good by Harlan Coben. *Leslie's Journal by Allan Stratton
I need something to read online for free?
i am fifteen looking for something to read online cause im gonna be bored and have nothing to read please help me..
i finished reading the mortal instruments books i need something to read ?
i like the super natural ,action ,fantasy ,romance.
Evermore by Alyson noel - about a girl who keeps dying and coming back every seventeen years. . Evernight by Claudia Gray - vampire has to go to vamp and human school and falls in love with a vamp hunter. House of night by Cast - not very good, about a girl who hates slags and cows and turns into the biggest one but it might be your cuppa tea. . Same with Wicked lovely - not my cuppa tea but maybe yours with fairies and she has to marry the fairy king but is still in love with a metal mortal. . Need - about werewolves, pixies and a mental girl lol but it's okay . Shiver by maggie - not very exciting but okay, werewolves. . The Hunger Games by suzzanne collins - great! set in the future and these two people are in love and have to fight to death in order to win a reality Tv show but can they or will they?. Hush Hush by Becca fitzpatrick - great! Fallen angel love. . Fallen by Lauren Kate - not as good as hush hush but still good and about a fallen angel. Kissed by an angel - nothing specail, it's okay . . . books to stay well away from :. Beautiful creatures -  don't let the cover fool you , it's boring and the writing is like we know what the write is on about when we have no idea and it doesn't reveal anything until the last minute. . . Blue bloods - this was advertised in magazines for us teens but the writing is so weird I can't even understand it. I have no idea what the point of it is - it's written by a japenese woman and the main character in there is name shculer - frightening enough to avoid this book .
after the harry potter books, i need something new to read?
I am a huge Harry Potter fan and have read all of the books! Now I cant find anything to read! Are there any books that are along the same guidelines as Harry Potter, that are good, and clean? . I have read the twilight books!.
I need something to read area of Palahnuik/Dan Brown/Cormac McCarthy/Max Brooks/David Grann?
I need something new to read.  Names above are some of the dudes I dig.  Please advise on new authors with similar writing styles.  Thanks bunches.
Dennis Lehane-"Mystic River"-among many others is one I can think of at this time. I 'think' his son is writing also. Great stuff.*EDIT*. What about the Grand-Daddy..Hubert Selby,Jnr of "Last Exit To Brooklyn" fame? Or George Pelecancos who was writing in this genre for  years..Hard core. Scripting "The Wire" must have knocked the stuffing out of him.
I just finished harry potter series and need something new to read thats equal or better then HP?
any recommendations?. . i already read alot of the star wars series and read Lord of the rings.. . what have you read that were as good as those..
Try Bram Stoker's Dracula.....or Dolores Claibourne by Stephen King...or anything by Stephen King
Bored, need something to read, preferably adventure/scifi/fantasy?
Any good suggestions? . . Recently read the Ender's Game series, and a few of Orson's other books, um... read everything by Robert Sanderson, Kelley Armstrong, Meredith Gentry series by Laurel Hamilton... I dunno I can't list everything I read the past few weeks, if you can just make suggestions that'd be great.. And for the love of GOD, do not suggest Twilight- super not interested, and I have already read all the Harry Potter books-  even read the Septimus Heap books. .
Is the Ender's game series a part of the Hunger Games Series? If not, then read that!! I'm on the first book so far and it is AMAZING. . . Other suggestions:. . The Dark Divine series by Bree Despain (Fantasy/scifi) . A Great and Terrible Beauty trilogy by Libba Bray (Fantasy/adventure) . My Name is Memory by Ann Brashares (Adventure/Fantasy) . Going Bovine by Libba Bray (Adventure/Fantasy) . . Also I LOVE books by John Green! I know they are realistic fiction but they are seriously amazing anyways. Try it out. (My favorite is "Looking for Alaska.") . . Hope this helped!
I need something captivating to read- any ideas, fellow bookworms?
I have just recently re-read about everything I have- from Twilight, to Inkheart, to Uglies and Harry Potter. I'm now looking for something new, any suggestions?.
Tanatlize - Cynthia Leitich Smith. My Sister's Keeper - Jodi Picoult. Generation Dead - Daniel Waters. etc...
new book to read? need something to read?
my favorite show is Law and Order SVU. Are there any books out there kind of like it? I like the mystery but with something like the SVU included with in it! Thanks. haha thats kind of funny.... i've already read all three of those books.
The Hunger Games Trilogy. These books are a series about a future world controlled by a city named Panem. Every year a boy and a girl are pulled from each district (there are twelve districts) and forced to compete in the Hunger games. A fight to the death on live TV for Panem's amusement.. . It's kinda gruesome, but not at all as bad as it sounds. It's a adventurist book that not only leaves you on the edge of your seat, but makes you feel emotions. This may not be the kind of book your looking for, but you wont believe how good it is. I could not put it down once i started reading. But if your not interested, try reading the csi books.
Need a good book to read... something I can get completely lost in?
So last time I posted this question, the overwhelming answer was "Twilight".  I followed your suggestions and absolutely LOVED Twilight. It's like nothing I've ever read before and the whole saga are amongst my favorite books. Now I need something else amazing to read... what are your suggestions?.
I feel like all I ever post on here is A Great and Terrible Beauty . but seriously. It's amazing.. And I think a lot of people on here liked Twilight & the type.. The A Great and Terrible Beauty trilogy is really good.  I think you'd like it as well.. :)
PLEASE HELP! I NEED SOMETHING TO READ!!! What are some good teen romance books for me to read?
i've read twilight and alot of other books too but please give me titles and authors!!! thanks in advance!!!. i have read all sarah dessens books.
Uglies series by Scott Westerfeld. This is an extremely good book. It's hard to explain but it's about the future, after mankind basically destroyed the earth (global warming, destroying forests, polluting the ocean, etc) survivors made a new society where there's no argueing, war, etc. Everyone is considered "ugly" until they turn 16 and have this sugery that makes them "pretty" and they move to this part of town where all they do is have fun and party all day and night. Tally, the main character cant wait to turn pretty. She meets Shay who's a rebal and convinces Tally to leave the city for a night to see what's out in the wilderness. Tally learns all kinds of things about being pretty and the truth is.. it's not really pretty. EXTREMELY good, and the sequals (Pretties, Specials) are even better. It's full of adventures, cool technologies, romance, etc. There's also a fourth book from another perspective and it's set in Japan called Extras, but it's not as good as the others in my opinion.. . The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins. This book is also set in the future and is extremely intense like you're actually in the book. It's setting is in Panem, a city that's now in what's left of North America (which has become smaller after global warming and melting of the ice caps). Surrounding Panem are 12 districts where each year, one boy and girl between the ages of 12 and 18 are chosen to be in the Hunger Games where they are put into an arena and battle each other and try to survive until there's only one left and is the winner. There's also romance in it and gets kind of sad. I cried at one point. haha but it's really good. Stephanie Meyers, author of Twilight, even recommended it.. . Deadly Little Secrets by Laurie Stolarz. It's the first of it's series and is also really good. It's about a girl named Camelia who lives a normal life - dating, has friends, decent grades. But, one day when she was picking an earing that she dropped crossing the street, a car was coming towards her and it wasn't stopping. Suddenly, a hot guy shoves her out of the way, saving her life. He left without her saying thank you or asking what his name was. Three months later, she's starting her junior year in high school and there's this rumor about a new guy named Ben who supposedly killed his girlfriend. Camelia doesn't believe in rumors and when she sees Ben, it's the guy who saved her life. She tries to talk to him but he ignores her at first, but later Ben begins touching her weirdly but Camilia only gets more drawn to him. She later finds out he's not ordinary. He can know the future or past of a person by touching a person and he senses that Camelia's in great danger. Really intense but good with a twisted love triangle.. . I've read twilight and loved it but i thought these books were almost as good or even better.. . Other books I've heard were good and planning to read is Need by Carrie Jones, Evernight by Claudia Gray, Lament by Maggie Stiefvater, Beastley by Alex Flinn, Old Magic by Marianne Curley, Elsewhere by Gabrielle Zevin, the Blue is for Nightmares series by Laurie Stolarz, and Evermore by Alyson Noel (coming out in February). . I recommend Need by Carrie Jones if you really liked Twilight. I heard it was really similar but with werewolves instead of vampires and more. Some people told me they liked it better than Twilight too. So yeah.. you should check it out
I need something to read?
I'm a 16 year old girl. I want something interesting to read. Something I can spark conversation with! I want things to think about! I just finished reading The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath..
I need something to read. Know any good Vampire Books?
I've finished the Twilight Saga and  the Vampire Kisses series; anyone know any new Vampire romances? I only want romance, sorry. Like I read this one called "Love Without Blood" it was good. Any suggestions for where to go next?. I've already finished the Sookie Stackhouse Novel series and as for manga, I've read/am reading Vampire Knight and Chibi Vampire :3  And I've also read what there is of the Vampire Kisses Manga :D . . And no, I'm not reading these books because "everyone else is" I honest to god have loved Vampires since my day of birth. I think they are the sexiest thing since Johnny Depp. lol..
The Anita Blake series by Laurell K Hamilton - vampires werewolves romance violence, it is really really good!. . The Riley Jensen Guardian series by Keri Arthur. . The Circle Trilogy by Nora Roberts
I need something to read, any suggestions?
I have just finished Inheritance by Christopher Paolini and I need something to read. I enjoy most books, except horror. Few of my favourites have been Maximum Ride series, Inheritance cycle, Artemis fowl, and I like Murder Mysteries> One thing though, NO twilight.
All my fav books:. Maximum Ride by James Patterson. Hunger Games. Let the Right one in. On the Run by Gordon Korman. Kidnapped by Gordon Korman. Island by Gordon Korman. Uglies series by Scott Westerfeld is good. Unwind by Neal Shusterman. The Forest of Hands and Teeth by Carrie Ryan. Deadly Little Lies by Laurie Faria Stolarz. Wake series by Lisa McMann . Son of the Mob by Gordon Korman. Shattering Glass by Gail Giles. Book of Ember by Jeanne DuPrau. Double Helix by Nancy Werlin. Suicide Notes by Michael Ford. Speak by Laurie Halse Anderson. Life as we Knew It. Shadow Children by Margaret Haddix. Warriors by Erin Hunter. Animal Farm. Bar Code Tattoo by Suzanne Weyn. Cryptid Hunters . Room by Emma Donoghue. House by Frank Peretti. . Supernatural:. The Unseen series is really good.. The Devouring by Simon Holt. The Darkest Powers by Kelly Armstrong. The Hollow by Jessica Verday. Generation Dead  by Daniel Waters. The Supernaturalist by Eoin Coin. The Black Tattoo by Sam Enthoven. Blood and Chocolate.. Demonata by Darren Shan. Wereling by Stephen Cole. Werecat. Tithe: A modern Faerie Tale by Holly Black. Wings by Aprilynn Pike. Need by Carrie Jones. The Gatekeepers by Anthony Horowitz. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare. Anita Blake series by Laurell Hamilton. Morganville Vampires by Rachel Cain. Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead. Den of Shadows by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. Cirque du Freak by Darren Shan. Peeps by Scott Westerfeld. Tantalize by Cynthia Smith. Nightworld series LJ SMith. Thirst by Christopher Pike. I Am Legend. Generation Dead by Daniel Waters. Aftertime by Sophie Littlefield. Daemon Hall by Andrew Nance. . . Witches (as in Wiccan). Sweep series by Cate Tierman. Balefire series also by Cate Tierman. Blue is for Nightmares by Laurie Stolarz. . Spy stories:. Gallagher Girls by Ally Carter. The Specialists by Shannon Greenland.. Alex Rider by Anthony Horowitz. Thursday Next by Jasper Fforde. . Aliens:. Daniel X by James Patterson. . Mythology:. Percy Jackson series by Rick Riodan. Daughters of the Moon Series. Sons of the Night Series by: Lynne Ewing. Dark Fusion by Neal Shusterman
I need something to read about alcohol.?
I need something to read that talks about the dangers of alcohol.  Its for school I really would apreciate it..
Google this. There is more lit on this than you can shake a stick at.  You could also go to a health clinic and find pamphlets on it.  Another idea, which would make you look like a rockstar in class, would be to look up an alcohol awareness speaker and interview him about the dangers of alcohol. Good topic!
Please, does anyone know of some good psychological thriller books? I really need something to read!?
I have been moping around at night, with nothing to read all summer. I cannot seem to find anything that I am interested in. I just finished watching "The Number 23" about a half an hour ago, and I thought it was amazing. If anyone could give me some names of psychological thrillers to read, it would be much appreciated. Thanks!.
Ruth Rendell is the ultimate in psychological thriller.  Read everything by her!  Tami Hoag is good.  Johnathan and Faye Kellerman have some good ones.  James Patterson.  Thomas Harris.
Has anyone read the twilight saga, Im done and need something else to read while I wait for movie.?
I have read all four books in the last week, amazing, I need somthing good like the twilight series to tide me over while I wait for the movie to come out. Please help Im bored out of my mind. I love the twilight series and am looking for somthing as exciting..
-The Chronicals of Narnia. -Harry potter seris. -any books by Jane Austen. -any works by Shakespare
is there more books like harry potter i need something to read?
i love to read i need books like harry potter, eragon, the key to the kingdom, house of night, books about magic or somthing dark like vampire stuff like that and to be teen and up no little kids books.
Inkheart was good. . His Dark Materials . . please don't read twilight. it's poorly written and just all around bad.
Romance books only, i need something to read I read alot of books soo its hard?!?
I've read like almost every romance book bahah, anyways I like Sarah Dessen books she's the best and I don't feel like writting a list of "what I have read" because it would be tooo much. I also like Simon Comedies. SO itd be really nice if you could give me something I HAVENT read. ;).
-Girl at Sea by Maureen Johnson. -Snitch by Allison van Diepen. -The Juvie Three by Gordan Korman. -Perfect Chemistry trilogy by Simone Elkles. -The Astonishing Adventures of Fan boy and Goth Girl by Barry Lyga (+ Goth Girl Rising). -Reincarnation by Suzanne Weyn. -Gallagher Girls series by Ally Carter. -Audrey Wait by Robin Benway. -Teen Idol by Meg Cabot. -Beautiful Creatures by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl. -Shade series by Jeri Smith-Ready. -Nevermore by Kelly Creagh. -Hush, Hush by Becca Fitzpatrick. -The Ghost and the Goth by Stacey Kade. -The Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare. -Darkest Powers trilogy by Kelly Armstrong . -Need series by Carrie Jones
guys and girls read, need something new with my boyfriend?
so i havent seen my boyfriend fo about a month and a half because hes visiting fam in cali and yah we talk and text , but i want to surprise when he gets back with aomething new in our sex life.. but i dont know what, when we have sex its either me on top or him, u know basic, i dont want anything to crazy but maybe a new position where the girls in control or something sexy i could do like a stip tease? lol anyhelp would be good thanks, and yes iv been intamite with him for a while im on b-control and im almost 17 just so none gets all mad. hahha nope this isnt a joke id like it if people could be mature about this though, beacause im serious, my boyfriends older and i really dont care for stupid answers thanks.
I need to read something infront of the whole school tommorow and I am so scared! Help?
There is a mike, and I guess the worst part is the microphone...I am really nervous and I don't want to read it but I need to!.
Need a book: My wife needs something to read?
She likes some erotica, memiors of people who overcome great odds, ...she liked "Killing Johnny Fry", "Pleasure", Eat, "Pray Love"...any suggestions?.
Maximum Ride by James Patterson. It's a great book including action, romance, heartbreakers, and much more. (Mainly a teen read though) Other books by James Patterson are great too. Like Woman's Murder Club, When the Wind Blows, and many others. Check out the site for more options.
HELP I need something to read! Something as good as Harry Potter!?
I have an issue. Every book that I've read after Harry Potter is just not good enough. I need something with a great twist and that gets you thinking and is fun and exciting-- but it cant be too childish as I am 17.... I read the twilight series which most people said were as good as Harry Potter, but after I finished reading the series, I felt like I wasted a week of my life.. Anyways as you can see I have issues, so anyone have any titles for me?.
Try The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins. . I loved this series and I'm 50! Love Harry Potter too!
I need something to read over the summer holidays...?
I am looking for a book to read over the summer holidays, i just need a nice pleasure read, THAT DON"T INVOLVE VAMPIRES!.
Wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy (Shiver, Linger & Forever)  (Maggie Stiefvater). Hunger Games trilogy (Suzanne Collins). . Picnic at Hanging Rock (Joan Lindsay). Meryll of the Stone (Brian Caswell). Stranger with my face (Lois Duncan). Playing Beattie Bow (Ruth Parks). My Sister Sif (Ruth Parks). Holes (Louis Sachar). Harry Potter series (J K Rowling). Lord of the Rings / The Hobbit. Hitch hikers guide to the Galaxy (Douglas Adams). Eragorn trilogy. Narnia. The Golden Compass. . Looking for Alibrandi (Melina Marchetta). Saving Francesca (Melina Marchetta). Jellicoe Road (Melina Marchetta). Finnikan of the Rock (Melina Marchetta). Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants. Pelican's Creek (Maureen Pople). Requiem for a Princess (Ruth M Arthur). The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne of Green Gables (L M Montgomery). To Kill a Mockingbird (Harper Lee). The Princess Bride (William Goldman). The Princess Diary (Meg Cabot) . Trixie Belden. The Hardy Boys. Little House on the Praire. . Watership Down (Richard Adams). Freaky Friday (Mary Rogers). . Little Women (Louisa May Alcott). The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (Mark Twain)
Great books to read? need something to keep me busy lol?
All my fav books:. Maximum Ride by James Patterson. Hunger Games. Let the Right one in. On the Run by Gordon Korman. Kidnapped by Gordon Korman. Island by Gordon Korman. Uglies series by Scott Westerfeld is good. Unwind by Neal Shusterman. The Forest of Hands and Teeth by Carrie Ryan. Deadly Little Lies by Laurie Faria Stolarz. Wake series by Lisa McMann . Son of the Mob by Gordon Korman. Shattering Glass by Gail Giles. Book of Ember by Jeanne DuPrau. Double Helix by Nancy Werlin. Suicide Notes by Michael Ford. Speak by Laurie Halse Anderson. Life as we Knew It. Shadow Children by Margaret Haddix. Warriors by Erin Hunter. Animal Farm. Bar Code Tattoo by Suzanne Weyn. . Supernatural:. The Unseen series is really good.. The Devouring by Simon Holt. The Darkest Powers by Kelly Armstrong. The Hollow by Jessica Verday. Generation Dead  by Daniel Waters. The Supernaturalist by Eoin Coin. The Black Tattoo by Sam Enthoven. Blood and Chocolate.. Demonata by Darren Shan. Wereling by Stephen Cole. Werecat. Tithe: A modern Faerie Tale by Holly Black. Wings by Aprilynn Pike. Need by Carrie Jones. The Gatekeepers by Anthony Horowitz. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare. Anita Blake series by Laurell Hamilton. Morganville Vampires by Rachel Cain. Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead. Den of Shadows by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. Vampire Diaries by LJ Smith. Cirque du Freak by Darren Shan. Peeps by Scott Westerfeld. Vampire Kisses. Tantalize by Cynthia Smith. Nightworld series LJ SMith. Vampire Beach by Alex Duval. Thirst by Christopher Pike. I Am Legend. Generation Dead by Daniel Waters. Aftertime by Sophie Littlefield. . Witches (as in Wiccan). Sweep series by Cate Tierman. Balefire series also by Cate Tierman. . Spy stories:. Gallagher Girls by Ally Carter. The Specialists by Shannon Greenland.. Alex Rider by Anthony Horowitz. Thursday Next by Jasper Fforde. . Aliens:. Daniel X by James Patterson. . Mythology:. Percy Jackson series by Rick Riodan. Daughters of the Moon Series. Sons of the Night Series by: Lynne Ewing. Dark Fusion by Neal Shusterman
I really need something to read. I love science fiction and fantasy. Help!?
I have read Terry Brooks, some Timothy Zahn, Weis and HIckman, Douglas Adams, Christopher Paolini, Elaine Cunningham, Colfer, and some others. Just list your favorites please.. I have read Asimov and Bradbury and Rowling and Tolkein..
I agree with Koobie's advice of Terry Pratchett's Discworld series. However, don't stop there! Some Discworld readers are unaware of TP's other books, 'Good Omens' (with Neil Gaiman), the Johnny series, the Truckers/Diggers/Wings trilogy, the Carpet People... those are very funny too. . . I also like Piers Anthony, his Xanth series is well-known but I liked the Apprentice Adept & the Incarnations of Immortality better, Xanth getting a bit old after a while.. . A very nice book is 'The Fire Rose' by Mercedes Lackey. . . Fred Saberhagen writes interesting vampire stories from Dracula's point of view (among others). . Tad Williams has a very nice series Memory, Sorrow and Thorn.. . Hope there's something here you'll like! :)
I'm a huge Star Wars fan, I've read most all of the books & I need something to read Any suggestions?
I've read the Twilight Saga too...I'm really into Scifi..
Need something to read?
I'd love to read something like the Mortal Instruments series, Fallen, Torment, Hush, hush, Crescendo etc.. Some ideas?. . And do not mention series like House of Night....
I need something good to read?
I'm looking for a good teen romance novel to read. Any suggestions?.
I'm a 13 year old girl and I need something to read.?
I love reading, i have read a lot of books and i would like some new ideas. I like reading fantasy, but occasionally i read love stories.. . does anyone have ideas?. my mum, just bought the 4 twilight books on ebay and they havent arrived yet :). i have also read all the harry potter book dozens of times :]]].
I need something else to read?
I love storys like Twilight or House of Night novels. I want something to read that's like them. Vampires, love, excitment, and what not!.  Help me?. I've read Eragon before. I didn't really care for it....
Anne Rice writes great vampire novels full of lust, excitement, love and (wouldn't you know it) plot.
do you need to read the luxe before rumors?
Okay, so I accidentally got Rumors from my library, thinking it was the first in the series.. . Is it okay to read Rumors before I read the Luxe? I have a long trip coming up, and I need something to read.. . Also, is it good for a 14 year old to read?.
I don't think the Rumours is going to make much sense unless you read The Luxe first.
I'm 18 and I love to read I've read I need something great to read help!?
I've read the Twilight series twice, Vampire Academy series three times, Fallen and torment, and the first 2 Perfect Chemistry books. I love Vampire books the most there my all time favorite. PLease Help me!.
I need something new to read, so: What is the best book you have ever read?
I've decided to start reading again, I used to live in books when I was younger but recently I've hardly read at all. . I don't quite know where to start, so, reccomend what is in your opinion, the best book(s) in the world.. (:.
Ice Station by Matthew J. Reilly. or. Night Without End by Alistair MacLean
I need something new to read, please help?
I am going on a trip and need some reading material for the car ride.  I like paranormal romance with some mystery or suspense.  I love Kresley Cole's books and the teen author Lili St. Crow.  I read Vampire Academy and House of Night already and they started to bore me after a while.  I would prefer books that don't have sex scenes because I'm going to be in the car with my parents..
Read the book:. If I stay-Gayle Forman. Dear John. The Blind Side
i need something to read?
I'm not sure if this is your style, but I love the it girl series by cecily von zeigesar.. and the clique series.  plus nicholas sparks books. hope i helped =]
