starting new book by Michael Medved "The 10 Big Lies About America"...interesting so far....
We will open the book. We are going to put words on them ourselves , the book is called oppurtunity and its first chapter is new year's day
Its finally the end of 2011 turning a new page in a new book. Making changes for the better
I'm reading a book that's teaching me to be a nicer person, new years resolution vibes
- just gonna write more poems in my new poetry book , eat then sleep SN:another year gone by pretty much still as lost as i was last year :(
its been too long since i have gotten a new book
Some people are so self absorbed i need to get a new book social media is annoying me
Life is a book, everyday is a new page with adventures to tell.
New book avail in print but not for Nook.  Meanwhile, I can get kindle version @
Seeking Vintage bloggers who'd like to review my new vintage hair and makeup book Decades of Style
RT Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series!
If my life is book, I'll make sure I have another 365 new and white sheets to let God colors and writes on each every day in the new year :)
Lunch agenda: eyebrows, New book, look for a dress n eat sumwhere n there lol gotta hr let's go!
Reading my new book by Cathy Cassidy called Marshmallow Skye.. loovee itttt!
What I want for 2011? A home, a holiday, to pass my driving, to hold a job, to write my book, see new York and be a size 8 next xmas muhahaa
Looking for a new series in 2012? Start with Binding Vows and I'll have the    4th book out by the time you get there
Ut oh, I got readers lost in the new book...Til' Death Rips Us Apart!!!!!!!
About to start my new book and download some new music. Later loves :-)
call 01273 585858 or 580000 to book your taxi for New Years eve and New Years day.
Today is the last day of 2011 and tomorrow is the first day of 2012- another beginning of a new book.
Annia : New year same me , roll with my main Chicas , thicker bank book and wiser thoughts
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol. very scary shit!So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!
At Barnes and Nobles I need a new book. What's good? Think fast!!! ;-)
RT@SamanthaBLopez. Damn u must have million names on ur contact book.. New number from my peps ,,I just erase the old one..
I need a new book NOW! So, off to Barnes and noble I go.
Finished Catching Fire (Hunger Games book 2) in 2 days flat. On to book 3! My goal: finish it before the new years eve party tomorrow.
i just found my original bio book....  i had to buy a new one cause i couldnt find it -___- good thing it was only $10.
Wanting to work on a new comic book pin up, like the Batman one I just did. Any suggestions on what character I should draw next..?
I wanna read a new book :S
I learn that life is a book. Every day is a new page. Every month is a new chapter and every year is a new series. ♥
“We will open the book. We are going to put words on them ourselves. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day.
I have a new book and book light reader thingy.  I'm ready for my toddler to go to bed so I can relax and read.  Selfish, I know.
G2G! gonna read my book now! LOL! . .Advance Happy New Year everybody! :*
this new book makes me wanna learn french
Looking for a designer for my new book. Please message me with your recent work
This is a never ending book. Each chapter got a new problem. And then a new solution
Love the feeling when I get a new book=]
New years resolutions? Might as well write a fiction book.
I bought Segun Adeniyi's new book on Yar'adua for N6,000 in Abuja. Bought the e-copy for N1,600 on Amazon (Kindle). Confused. Interesting.
Happy New Year to all at KGC .Practice and Registered Saturday 7th and Sunday 8th January 2012 . Call or Txt to book
I’ll move on. It’s just a chapter in the past. I won’t close the book, just turn the page. . .Prosperous New Year everyone! All the best ...
Book: Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World
Only finished Cadence a few days ago, and already have an idea for a new book.  Sigh, you would think I would give myself a break!
Waiting to start a new chapter in my book tomorrow '2012' guna be the best 'read' yet! :)
New book covers for the Double Treat series coming in 2012. Can't wait to show you pics of Alex! ;-) ;-)
gotta find a new book to read lol
I'm going to start celebrating new years on my birthday :D because in my book January 1st is just another day.
What should I do for new years, book a trip to Phoenix and watch the Cardinals take on the Seahawks? Sure!!!
A new book is published every 13 minutes in America
Self-promotion warning:  My new book, JOSHUA DAGON’S PARTYING HARD will be released in April of next year.  Yay!  Finally!
Downtown Detroit Hotels doing well for New Years. Casinos, Marriott (RenCen), Book Cadillac and the Shelby are sold out
lol, I dislike new years cos when I write the date in my book at school I will put  the date '2011'
Well, I was going to do my calculus but apparently I left my book in my locker. Nice way to start the new year.
For those asking about the bonus scene, if you wait till after the credits. You see a clip of Lockhart's new book "Who Am I?"
"Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series!"
Go to sleep or read my new Stargazing book? Sleep can wait a bit longer can't it? ;)
New face book page, go add me raven Vincent
Say Goodbye to 2011 and Say Hello to Big Savings on New Year's Eve!! .Get Additional $10 OFF (1) HR Massage Session..Book NOW!-1 DAY ONLY!!-
This year has been good and bad. But imma remember the good ,put it in my memory book and then turn over to a new page.
just finished Jane Eyre :) time for a new book
Herbal Book List: Rosemary Gladstar's Family Herbal: A Guide to Living Life with Energy, Health, &. Vitality. • The (New) Holistic He...
2011 coming to a close.. A new chapter is about to be written in the book of life. Lets hope this one has a happy ending. Here's to 2012!
Reading a fantastic new book, The Madman and the Butcher by Tim Cook. Interesting look into Canadian leadership during First World War.
some one but me an a4 lined book for New Years..
Hi Andy!  One of the ideas I promote in my new book is "Single Parent's Day" but more than that it lifts Jesus high.  Pray God's protection!
Last day of 11' time to close the book.. Let's open 12' with new book.. New wish.. New Life...
(VIDEO)  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Dramatic Reading of Taylor Armstrong's New Book... \
need to get a new 1D book read half of it but ever since my little nephew has been its falling apart:/..feel like crying!</3
Had a ball at work and now you are looking at the new member of book PHI book ... # WEREADIT!!!!!
Just downloaded my first book on my birthday present... a new Kindle! "Water for Elephants", here I come...
Just finished the new Grisham book:  The Litagator
Gawking over my new 842 pg Edgar Allan Poe book of all of his complete tales & peoms... I'm a nerd... Deal with it!
Sitting in a car reading a book on grammar. Part of my schooling for the new year.
Yh like I said 1984 is a good book. I need a new read. After exams I'll be back at book club.
got my nails done. got my new tv. buying book shelves for my room. who said a gloomy day had to be a bad day?!
I welcome any advice for self-editing my book. Open to suggestions. Let me know if you have any!! Happy New Year all xoxo
a brand new year, a new book, a new chapter.
New years resolutions...visit NY!!! And finish my book!!!!
Read my new book "Is Your Chair Killing You?" and find out how to protect yourself from the killer in your office. Coming out soon.
2011 coming to a close.. A new chapter is about to be written in the book of life. Lets hope this one has a happy ending. So how's Ken Sy!
New Russell Brand book to hit the stores next week. "My Divorcy Worcey" !!
Hello I'm sorry I havent been up with my tweets & tweeties starting a new book My Life..<3 Love you...
Finished editing the first release of 'Shards of Book One', now released on my blog. I'll update with a few new stories every now and then.
Having fun and playing it safe...your still a pimp in my book!!!!  "Happy New Years"
The worst thing about New Twitter is that it makes my "Twitter For Dummies" book obsolete.
I need a new book to read.
It's time to try something new! Contact me at (202) 489-3342 to book an appointment! I'll help you create an AMAZING New Years Dinner!
my new years resolution is to book a motherfucking hair appointment and get my jakey hair trimmed.
Book 1, revision 12. Sigh. Vacation with new writing in Book 3 is over, I suppose.
Going to read my new book, then get some sleep, night<3
Just took care of one New Year's resolution and used airmiles to book flight to Ireland. :) Next!
Humorous reader comment re new Revan book: "PLEASE ! -Someone else rewrite this book and don't end it like you are late for an appointment."
lots of stuff planned for 2012. my first major photo project, website...book   ? stay tuned and have a safe and happy new year
Good night guys, curling up with my new book sarah palins going rogue and a can of clamato bud light. Ah life is good.
Out tomorrow, Russell Brands new book. "My Divorcey Worcey".
2011 coming to a close. A new chapter is about to be written in the book of life. Lets hope this one has a happy ending. Here's to 2012!☺#fb
My new vocalist sounds like Julian Casablancas, thats a win in my book
Tomorrow is the last day of 2011...close the book on all the good and bad. Time for a new book for 2K12
Hmmm what shall I do in 2012? Maybe start a new religion? Ok...pass me a big book and a pen....
We will open the book. Its pages are blank.  The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day." Edith Lovejoy Pierce
I've just read a book about the dangers of alchohol. VERY SCARY SH*T!. So...my new year's resolution is to .........STOP READING SCARY SH*T.
Beautiful Outlaw...my new favorite book.
Got da new pll book (:
just remind me to buy new book becuz i'll finish the book im reading now today
That, a freshly opened bottle of wine AND a new book on typography. Yeah, I'm never leaving this house again.
We will be open on New Year's Day, book your appointment today to relieve the stress the holidays have left you with!
All I want for new year is.... A book and a camera....too much?? I don't think so
Meeting New People Is Like Exploring Music On Youtube, You Never Know Whats In Store By Looking At A Title, Like Judging a Book by The Cover
Re-watched the chronicles of Narnia time to re-read all 7 book <3<3<3<3 Waiting for my new books to come :)
Happy New Year from Able Transport/Taxi .Book your reservation now
Starting a new book, which I intend to finish by midday tomorow...Khalil Gibran's "The Prophet"
Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series!
Starting a new plan. Revising the scope of my book again.
I've just read a book about the dangers of alchohol. VERY SCARY SH*T!... So...my new years resolution is to stop reading... .You're Funny !!!
Book your VIP now for New Years Eve 12/31/11  the MartiniRoom by contacting 678-462-2749. TheArtOfCe4xsYn
The hunger games book, are my new crack <3. Sooo fuckin good
I was reading this book and it said WOMEN IS THE NEW MEN and tbh that is true
Jan 21st Book Discussion & Signing Join author Kevin Behan for a discussion about his new book, Your Dog Is Your Mirror: The Emotional Ca
Meeting someone new and not remembering there name so you save them in your phone book as where you met them followed by guy or girl lol
Life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series
No work for me today. I'm just gonna relax and read my new book. :)
Omggg...new PLL book on tuesdayy :DD
damn! i need to start a new Book Of Shadows lol i ran out of parchment paper and room gah!
Things I look forward to in 2012:  .The return of Mad Men .Summer Olympics .New book by Joshilyn Jackson .The Hunger Games movie .You?
Book Premium wedding photography package and get 25% discount + free white room portrait session until 24Jan2012. Happy new year!
New Year's Eve can be brutal on the ol' pocket book. Any ideas on how to save mondo cash tomorrow night?
I need a new book journal this one is full.
ARRRHHH so many new tattoo ideas...... might have to book a full day. Roll on next week :-) :-)
Joe Beam's new book, The Art of Falling In Love, is set for release on  .Feb. 7. Pre--order now on Amazon, both hardcover and Kindle!
Close book at the end of 2011, and we will open new book starting tomorrow :D, don't forget the past, but don't look at it anymore :)
finally! New classical piano book!!
You start not every year a new book, you just opened a new chapter.
Do I cheekily spend 86p on my sister's new Kindle so I can read Sherlock Holmes? Or pop down the old book shop tomorrow and try to find it?
I have a new book to start reading tonight
The trouble with  completing a good book is the dilemma of starting a new one or taking a min to revel in the last
I NEED THE NEW PRETTY LITTLE LIARS BOOK
Oh wow when did Face book start supporting HQ uploading? I hate the new layout.
Watching Ben and his friends play soccer. Sounds like a good time for some quality time with a new book!
Very productive day, new menu prep lists written, order list sorted, set up for a big day tomorrow. 62 in the book scary stuff...
Contemplating whether to put the inbetweeners on or get involved in a new book
Too many good things are arriving in N-town tomorrow. A book, a new year and a lovely lady :)
My grandma husband tryna get me a new truck! If he pull this off I promise this nigga good in my book no matter wat he do to grams
:) fun day of shopping at the wall, and I got a new Redwall book.
Having a bath with my rubber ducky, some red wine and my new book :) I feel like I'm on vacation.
“@VanityExquisite Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series!”
I'm need people to learn how to spell deuces damn its about to be a new year and y'all still spel deuces like this --->dueces read a book
15mins to 12.............ah need an exercise book n two ball pen......lemme strt writing ma new year res :)
" I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol. very scary shit!So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING! "
I wish I had legit in the book plans for New Years. I know it's gonna be great, I just wish I knew what to look forward to.
Someone asked what my new years resolution is.. It's to get tickets to Book of Mormon.
Going to need a new poem book soon! In that state of mind again
i don't like starting a new book the same day i finished one, but I'm bored and need something to read. why won't my fics just update?!
Racing through a book called The Shack. Really making me think about God in a new way! Cannot wait to finish it :)
I honestly can't wait for 2012. One Act Play, New York, Broadway Show, Graduation, College, A whole new chapter in my book :)
Welcome to all our new followers. We will announce our next book tour dates and our call for children's authors and illustrators soon.
New Year's Resolution: Write more, aim to get a book or story published, and destroy anybody who gets in thine way.
Michal McKay's book WANAKA ( Random House, New Zealand) makes the shortlist for Gourmand's BEST COOKBOOK IN THE WORLD 2011!!
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol. very scary shit!So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!... Haha
Time to start reading my new book 'Water for elephants' :D
Gonna stay up 25 more mins so i can unwrap my new app/song/book 8-)
Question when u are looking for a new job do you look at face book, linkedin, twitter? What works for you?
Close bad memory in a 2011,open new book in a 2012.
Today, i say good bye to bali, and good bye 2011 i'm coming 2012 in new hope, new book
ordering myself a book called Exploring Mathematics. a little treat for myself for the new year ;D
I want my new book to come!
Some of yall is thinkin wat is galatians? Well its a book of the bible (new testament)
In need of a new book.
the new face book is going overboard.
I do kind of need to get a diary. A new one. But I really really want a composition book.
Lovin martina coles new book, the faithless.. addictive!
reading jls new book x
NEW PLL BOOK JAN. 3!! I don't even have the other new one yet :S I need money.
I'll be glad when i get my Mac Book because this dumbtop right here ch....the wall wanna new best friend
Excited about my new book!!
I've just read a book about the dangers of alchohol. VERY SCARY SH*T!... So...my new year's resolution is to ......STOP READING SCARY SHIT.
wanna go to the godsis house but I have to finish reading this book by new years
I gotta hit up Barnes for some new books.. I should probably do that now.. I've read every book in my house atleast twice
Also got a cook new nook cover today.  Red faux leather.  Now it almost feels like a real book.
Apa new year new year?!! *bengang terpaksa ber new year dgn log book*
I support firing guns in the air to celebrate New Year's. At least you are not shooting them at each other. That's a net win in my book.
Is "Pretty Little Secrets" a whole new series or is it the 11th book the pretty little liars season?
Surprise of the Day: The new movie The Vow is NOT based on a Nicholas Sparks book.
The new Mac Book air has very few limitations. Just put through paces with FCS 3 with very little drop off from 2009 MBP 13in Pretty amazing
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!! So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!!!:D
I'm in no mood to work out, I just want to read my book...but I REALLY want to try my new recovery drink, so I'm making myself, lol.
Im ready to start reading a new book.
I don't see how anyone would want to go out on New Years Eve, church is more important in my book.
I wanna new book to read.
writing a new book. the old one beyond repair. this time im planning properly
Hitting up Mad Jacks tonight to celebrate my new book, "That's Not MY Foot, Brah!" getting published!
In 2012 we'll open the book, with pages blank, we'll write the words, the book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day
We're on the look out for up and coming authors who would like to promote their new book through PostDesk.
Finally: MY GAME OF THRONES NEW BOOK !!!
New 30-Day Devotion begins tonight; plus, beginning a book given as a Christmas gift titled "Jesus", quite excited!
new year..new me! . i actually mean it ..this nice girl shit .sorry not no moe its bout time to close tht chapter and write a new book
Okay so my new years resolution is to quit smoking so I started 2 weeks ago....thank you Allen Carr & to the person who gave me that book :)
We'll open the book. Its pages are blank. We're going to put words on them. The book's called Opportunity &its first chapter: New Year's Day
Immigration plz put back a stamp ina mi book fi di new year :))))
We will open a book. Its pages are blank. We will write the book along the way. Its first chapter is...New Year's Day (:
I learnd to think life is lik a book everyday is the next page every month is a chapter nd every year is the new series
I'm about to close my '' 2011's '' book , and buy a new one which called '' 2012 '' *excited to fill it's pages*
to do tonight: SLC, read a book, try on new clothes, organize bedside table, listen to new music
Happy New Year! A new year is like starting a new book very exciting and filled with hope.
Prosecco at £15 a bottle on New Years Eve at Via Via. Book now to avoid disappointment
I really wish I could lay by a pool, drinking beers and reading a book. Would be the perfect way to mark a new year I reckon!
I'm back!  I enjoyed the trip. I'm feeling refreshed, which is evident because I started reading a new book written by scholarship winners.
Hello new followers (almost 2500 of you now!) Lots of leftish politics and random stuff here (links to book reviews, poems etc).
new years special on a book of my poetry, its gritty, raw, and real. Just look for American Wasteland on Amazon free for the weekend
It's time to get a new book. To Barnes and Noble, I go.
We will open another book in less than 48hrs. We write each blank page. This is the book of Opportunity & the 1st chapter is New Years Day!
“@RobKardashian: Twitter break for a bit lol. Happy New Year and all that jazz. Go read a book!” nah we'll just stay here thanks! Lol
Bought a new book from Miri yesterday. Haven't read it but the cover of the book looks great :) *I judge a book by its cover.
“@RealGilbert: Happy New Year or as it's known in my house..."Miserable Jew Year."”. Gilbert I just bought your audio book.
gunna read some more of my new pretty little liars book, and then go to bed. goooodnight! xoxo
Let's open a new book and write the new story with a new spirit !
Easy new year's resolution: finish the YA thriller. Harder: get the book deal. Persistence is all.
Got two new books for book club, went to Starbucks, & hubs bought me the lights I've been wanting for our dining room. Good day!
Already attached to my new book "The Graveyard Book" o m g
I bought a new book today! Want to get back into reading!
Yay thanks to my soon to be new employer - I will be getting my Mac Book next month!!!
Ring in 2012 with a sexy show from A Bare Affair! You still have time 2 book a dancer for your New Years Eve party. Hit me up 4 more info
"Angel On My Mind" has new book cover...I like...Her book now on Amazon and BN  and "Happy New Year 2012"... Whoa...
Every year I make grand plans for a festive New Year's Eve and then end up going to bed early with a hot cup of tea and a book of poetry.
Getting excited about my new cake book and planning to spend new years with dinner and drinks in with the bestie... I'm starting to feel old
Next year I'm spending my new years In new York city. Anyone want to book tickets with me?
i need to establish a new rule book. the old one is obsolete
There needs to be a new harry potter book/movie..
2011 coming to a close.. A new chapter is about to be written in the book of life. Lets hope this one has a happy ending. Here's to 2012:)
Can't wait to read this new book
“@richardengelnbc: Thanks for all the notes, and happy new year soon. And yes, working on new book!”>you too! Keep working on new book! (;
Remember everyone Jessica @ the Ouidad salon is waiting to hear from u book now for ur New Years Up-do cut, style, extensions 2128883288 thx
My book "Things I Loved Before You and Am Slightly Craycray and Anal About" will be on shelves in the new year ;)
Trying to get used to the new mac book pro by using it as much less as possible. I just want to stare at and admire it.
I need a new book. Suggestions?
I started a new book last night. Dont even remember it. I can't even be productive on these damn meds!
the future opens up before you like a new book waiting for you to commit to its pages the story only you can write.
Louis just won tickets to Book of Mormon! It is New York magic!
Become a competent RIA developer using Packt's new qooxdoo book
Loving this new book
About to read my new book 'The Accident' yasss!
I gave in. I pre-ordered CINDER. It'd better be good. First new book of 2012, woo!
Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series~
You were the last chapter. Time to start a new book.
Productive day today, finished a review, put to bed, finished Sleepwalker by Karen Robards and about to begin Belinda Bauer's new book!!
Just finished 3rd book in Girl w/Dragon Tattoo trilogy last night. Great series! Read the entire book via Kindle4Android. Need a new book...
To kick start your new year book in for a Nutritional assessment consultation £45 for January only, including new recipes to get you going.
Whenever I take my laptop to the apple store I just fantasize about them handing me a brand new Mac book pro. It never happens.
Happy New Year Wayne! You are a Godly young man Wayne! As a minister, I know that! Read my inspirational book: PATHWAY TO POSITIVE LIVING!
sundays not going to feel any different to tomorrow, it most probably wont feel like a new year until i write the date in a book at school
I love finding new book bloggers.  Who’s your favorite?
In need of new crayons and a Spongebob colouring book.
Time to buy a new book. Any ideas?
New Nicholas Sparks book= happy me
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!! So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING"
Lwtmb nice!@olasiji: I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!! So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING"
I need a new book to read. I real good one.
So many things today have reminded me I've got to work on my book "how to travel without pissing me off" in the new year
Holy cow there's a new pretty little liars book!!!!!!!!!
My new book on fat loss will be coming out in 2012.  It will be available on the Kindle, Nook, iPad, etc.  It's a breakthrough book.
Who needs a date for New Year's Eve?? Our Fireworks Cruises are da bomb - literally, we're that close to the show! Call 983-STAR to book.
New Years offer...... Book and confirm Irish WeddingSitters before Saturday 14th January to receive 10% discount,(t&c apply).
I think I might swing over to Books-A-Million tonight & pick up that new Shel Silverstein book. Always ready to ready the work of a legend.
Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series! 
Last Morning in 2011.. Tomorrow We are open a new book in 2012.. I wish, 2012 could be a better season,,
I LOVE the smell of a new book. That's something I can't get with an ebook.
If Stephen Hawking went on a talk show to sell a new book, would that mean Stephen was hawking?
i get so excited when a new book comes out eeeek bookwormqZJ
gotta read my drivers book.!! lalalalala . .yyeeaaaahhh almost new years<3 can't wait to party.!!(;
Organizing this new book shelf for Kylie :-)
2011: Got very sick. Got new liver. Got new life. Got locked up. Got message out. Got book finished. Bring on 2012. Happy NY.
"You know what," says Annie's new client, "talking to Annie about my book is like talking to a friend."
Im prety sure tht yu have to book vegas a yr. & advance for new yrs..Rite????
I need to get that new book G-Spot 2 by NOIRE FASST.
Everyday is a new page in this book called "Life". Don't stay stuck on this year's edition too long.
Accepting last appts. before the new year, $30 off Pumpkin Peel or Clarifying Mask Treatment  plus complimentary eyebrow wax! Book Now ;)
Reading @ MarthaBeck's new book "Finding your way in a wild new world". It's knocking my socks off!
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!!  So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING
“@RobKardashian: Twitter break for a bit lol. Happy New Year and all that jazz. Go read a book!” Amen!
All snuggled up in my new pyjamas with a lovely book, time to switch off from the world of twitter :)
Simply learn that life is a book. Everyday is a new page. Every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series!"
New Russell Brand book to hit the shelves next year: "My Divorcey Worce"
"@alckennedy: Tomorrow will be the start of a new chapter in this book I’m reading."
Bought myself the new Daniel Handler (aka Lemony Snicket) book "Why We Broke Up" and a new moleskine to arrive as a present to myself. (:
(Y)"@kpokpodare: I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!!  So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!!!
half way done reading my book... hope to be done before New Year!
I want to start a new book tomorrow  - I need to be stopped.
The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day.
I'm too scared to read the next chapter of my harry potter book cause the chapters called grim defeat and its abit late:( new low.
I close my book of this year,n ready for the new part...#wish
Soo after new years .. Im gone .. my ticket is book .. & ill be out
I've just read a book about the dangers of alcohol... very scary shit!!!   So my NEW YEAR resolution is: NO MORE READING!!!:D
Taking book recommendations for the new year while used book shopping. What's your favorite book?
150 pages of my book. New record in Kamikaze. New record in flick home run. 35 levels of unblock me. Pretty successful day at work.
I recently had the opportunity to read a new book, Take Charge of Parkinson’s Disease
After reading Faith Evans book I wanna go to New York
I want someone to buy me a new book and bring it to my house at approx 10am tomorrow. Preferably a thriller or horror. Thank you. :)
At New Year nothing changes apart from the date you write in your exercise book.......don't see what the big deal is tbh. :/
Star Wars Episode IV,Wrestling and A book to finish Before New Year! .May The Force Be With Me!
Getting ready for New Years Eve Book your taxi 01902 724040
Ring in the New Year with some savings! Come see wha'ts on sale and give your pocket book a rest.
Cant seem to commit to NYE plans...and kind of tempted to book a flight and spend new years in a different country. Anyone?
Don't bring ur New Year in wit my # taking up space in ur phone book. If we didn't speak in the last 10days delete my shit B!!!
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t expect someone to read your mind and don’t play games with heads or hearts.
I tried to read between the lines, I tried to look in your eyes, I want a simple explanation for what I'm feeling inside
my dad feels the need to tell me everything about what happens in catching fire. haha i know dad.... i read it...
Just read a lot about the SlutWalks.. No matter what a woman wears or does is NOT an excuse to rape her.
Does anyone know what's wrong with Fun140. It's been like 2 weeks since its been down. FUN140 FIX YOURSELF I NEED TO READ
I need some new ideas for the blog.... what do you want to read about? :0)
I need to read the news more often. I have no idea what's going on in the world. oh dear...
"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it."
i love the way when jedward tweet you have to read it more than once to actually comprehend what they're tryna say :L ♥
Read between the lines, what's fucked up when everything's alright, check my vital signs, to know I'm still alive and I walk alone . . .♥
So much hate on twitter. What a joy to read.
Sometimes I read peoples tweets and think: "Why broadcast that to the world?"...What were you thinking?
If your my friend and read this throw a new years party tomorrow night and invite me I have NO idea what to do!!!
Read about 3 1/2 books so lets see if i can put to use what i THINK ive learned
Sis has a boy in her room. Which means I have to listen to her TV till god knows what time. I want to read my book :(
and moral problems. If you doubt that read what his second wife had to say about him.
WE ARE WHAT WE WATCH,LISTEN TO,AND READ.
Yes, I've eaten dog food. Yes, on purpose to see what it tastes like. Read the ingredients. U could eat it rather than starve WTSHTF. Try it
What am I going to do on this last day of 2011? Read, sleep and tweet alone.
..Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t expect someone to read your mind and don’t play games with heads or hearts..
I shall read for a bit and shall then be heading to bed. Going to spend the last day of the year doing what I spent most of doing: sleeping.
Mom: " I need to know exactly what your gunna be doing" Child: " I can't read the future. Idfk what we're gunna do!"
Wouldn't it be amazing if we could read minds. I would love to know what people think about me.
It's dark, the cat's sleeping on my legs, my player is on...fuuu...don't know what to do...may be to read something? I'm not sleepy at all!
I had to re-read jessica's last tweet to actually get what she ment. Lol she saying she will ALWAYS be best friends with dig & sienna right?
I look to twitter to read some TRUE stuff! Not what Ur doing!!
What do I want to read 2nite
The Qur'aan is indeed a guidance for people, why don't we pick it up and read it more often, to learn about what Allah swt expects of us....
i lost my glasses and i hate my contacts, but i cant read. what to do what to do.
Dear person who is sitting next to me in the exam..Please write BIGGER. Sincerely I can't read what you're writing.” .على الجرح 
This Joint Type What I Want Nd I don't Bother To Read It
Sometimes I wish certain people would read my thoughts so that they will know exactly what I am scared to say.
Oh, I have an interview with an organization I'd really like to work for on Tuesday.  What, you can't read my thoughts?
“@HelloImTatted: Niggas that read other niggas bio's are gay.... What were you lookin to find out about me??”
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t expect someone to read your mind and don’t play games with heads or hearts."
I resonate with what I read as your profile. Nice to see you on Twitter! It's a grand time on earth and beyond.
what should i say...can' t wait for the next castle-episode...just watched the whole castle season 3 and now i' m going to read heat wave <3
Idk what book they been reading from but im dayyum sure not going to read it..!!
house to myself last friday night of 2011 you know what that means? lets read some porn *cracks knuckles and plays eye of the tiger*
To be honest when it's a paragraph plus I don't read what you sayin...I take bits and pieces cause umm a nigga don't got the time..
just learnt what a deus ex machina is.. interesting as apparently it applies to the ending of the 800 page mammoth "under the dome" i read
I haven't gotten pedis in a long time cuz of what I read in my Cosmo book about how things r really supposed to be done at nail shops but
Wanting to throw your phone across the room because of what you just read/thought :(
Me: do you want to be my sidekick. Little Brother: YEAH :D. Me: do you even know what a sidekick is. Aman: yeah they can read your minds
Last day it's 2011 for everyone in the world. Let's check out what's going on at TA. Plenty of frontpage articles to read today it seems.
Bullshits are damn cool to some people who likes to read. No matter what is in their thoughts.
translated to english, "but this is close enough" is it. there is truth and lies,so how much of what we read is truth? if you want to find
I'm also irritated I need glasses, I'm attempting to play skyrim without them and I can't even fucking read what I press to get on my file
I went to midtown comics today to see what I been missing. I haven't read up on comics in years. There was so much new stuff. I cnt get back
Talk to me baby, tell me what your feeling. Cause baby I can read your mind.. OVOXO
What was the BEST book you read in 2011 that you would tell somebody they NEED to read?
Waitin to see what the lick read for tonight
i don't understand why when i text people they say "what?" after...like i'm not going to re-send it. just re-read the text
If you want to know what my username means, just look at the 4th tweet I favorited and read the first sentence :)
What if one day, you woke up and completely forgot how to read and write?
RT if you blindly retweet when you're told to, & don't necessarily read or agree with what it says.
Like read her stans DOWNE with the facts but what has that bitch done to your life?
Listening to my parents read who "likes" what on Facebook makes me want to never post again...
She won't know what to text back after she read it lol
LMFAOOOO!! sjfhajfa RT “@RazB32: GIRL BYE at what i just read. *packs bags and moves to holland*”
GIRL BYE at what i just read. *packs bags and moves to holland*
What I'm about to tweet will be the realist shit you read today.
“@GreatestQuotes: "It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it." - Oscar Wilde” Nice
Thought day was Donna say what happened to reading rainbow lol 0_o I read too fast
Now that vacation is finally coming to an end. I wonder, what should I do on the 31st? Should I read or just enjoy the day? :)
listen all you have to view this link , click on the link read and sign up you never know what might happen.
It is always fun going back to read over my work.. it let's me see what I will do different the next time and let's me see my strong points.
When im texting someone and i get too lazy to read what they said, i just reply with random shit .
You Read what I Present to You on a Social Network .. My TWEETS are Not enough to Determine My IQ . You FuckHead .
What horoscopes fail to mention is that ALL the stars were lined up when you were born. So read ALL the signs.
KaJuan's reply >>>>>>>>>>> I read it 5 times .. it was just what I needed to hear !
When people try to read what you're typing on your phone> What the fuck are you doing?
I think im goin to go off twitter, its just failin =/ sorry to those who read my tweets but nobody seems interested in what im puttin =/ x
Saw the winter lineup. I already know what I'm watching. I'm only watching it because I was about to read the manga anyway. Saves me time!
I just read "mystery gift bag" as "mystical ball gag." I don't even know what to say about that. >.<
Sat in bed for 6 hours today and read cover to cover the second book of Hunger Games. Not sure what I will do with my life after the third.
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t expect someone to read your mind and don’t play games with heads or hearts.”
What is up with these ” rt if you read this wrong” tweets. I know how to read lol.
when your reading a book that you cant wait to tun the next page to read what happens :]
"@grestee: Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t expect someone to read your mind and don’t play games with heads or hearts."
If you've read the blog from it's early days, what do you make of the current output compared to it's original material? Better or worse?
My mom: sha'von give mrs. Mires something to read  .Me: like what  .My mom: idk give her yo act scores .Me: -___-
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it - Oscar Wilde”
Have just read what is likely the worst piece on Apple I've ever seen . I don't even want to link to it.
I just read "For their approval to SOPA, we have also declared that our fury be brought upon [...] Lady Gaga." So... what is going on?
Hi. Hope you had a peaceful Christmas. I've resolved to read the Bible daily in 2012,what about you?
& if you're interested, say so. I can't read your mind and i hate having to guess. What's the worst that can happen?
"Did you study for the test? - Nerd: all week long. Most people: I read the chapters. Me: WHAT TEST?!!" <------------- always happened to me
"@dopeboiiage: What's good tonight ? I don't want to be sober :)" read my mind lol
I feel sorry that people have to listen to me :L But its my twitter I'll say what I want don't like it nobodys making you read my tweets
Finish the book, what's a good book to read?
What happened to when people could read, write and follow SIMPLE instructions.
i just came to see what would you do if i gave you a chance to make things read.
Faith is to believe what we do not see; and the reward of this faith is to see what we believe. Most beautiful thing I read since morning•
“@wowitsjashon You tweet too much" - wtf? & YOU READ TOO MUCH! don't tell me what i do. it's twitter, you're SUPPOSED to tweet.”
would ya'll prefer to see one (really long) post with every book I have read, or twelve shorter posts w/ what I read month by month?
What to do now? Guess I should find another good book to read and prepare myself
So I listen to Justin, I cry. I read my Potterhead's tweets, I cry. I watch Glee, I cry... What can I do without crying?
BOYS see girls like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
What's a good book to read?
I want to know what you think , if only I could read your thoughts ...
"Somebody who can read me, check me when I need to be, pick me up when I'm fallin', that's what I need" ♥
Time to re-read my old tweets to figure out what I used to beat Alpha in MMBN3. Now grinding out for Guts Style.
sometimes I read our old texts to reminisce about what we useto have
What I would give to be able to read people's minds >,<
Oh really nigga every time I read that that's what comes to mind
I need to get my palm read so I kno what gonna happen in my life !
finished How to Do Things With Videogames. don't know what to read next. maybe Reality is Broken? looking forward to disagreeing with it.
Idk what your trip is but it's starting to piss me off. Especially when I can see that you read my text.
I searched the symptoms for depressions on google. What I read there is something that is happening to me..
That awkward moment when your teacher asks you to read out loud, and you don’t even know what page they’re on
Everytime somebody follows me, i just want them too read my tweets and know, that being real is what you got to be. Not Fake.
What books would you like to read in 2012?
“@GreatestQuotes: "It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it." - Oscar Wilde”
what the hell.. i love to read, this is all so new to me?
Know what's perverse? I used to read manuals for every game I got, but the modern, tutorial-laden age has cured me of this.
Just read that Tevez is reported to be on £250,000 a week at the Etihad Stadium - around four times what Spurs offer their top earners.
“Boys think girls are like books, If the cover doesn't catch their eye they won't bother to read what's inside".”
What kind of mood is kitty in?  Her eyes, whiskers and ears will tell you.  Learn to read the signs she gives you.
Lmfao at what i jus read iM To weak hahahahahaha laughin at u bitches
If I don't get something the first time I either repeat what they are saying or read it out loud to myself.
Omg guys google "forever lazy". Read about what you do when you need to pee.
It's funny when ppl try to read through my tweets to see what I'm going through. Exactly why I'm all OV over the place.
you can all read this twitlonger next and then decide what you wanna say to me
Since it's too dark to read anymore, what do I do the rest of the ride?
Like grammar so bad I have to read it 4 times to understand what he's saying....
They lied. What are you going to do? I figure I tell you the truth and at least if you really like exciting posting, you can read my wall.
My mom read my mind on what I wanted to eat, ah I love her <3
I will write in my blog more next year. I will read more next year. I will do what I want to more and what I have to do less.
"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it." - Oscar Wilde
Them moments when you read what someones said and you can think of something really funny say to it but bottle it coz you dont know em :/
Couldn't stay up to watch last night's game but after catching up with what I read, I'm proud of Liverpool! Especially Steve Gerrad.
What was the best book you read in 2011 other than the Bible?  I'm eager to know. Mine was Unbroken by Laura Hillenbrand. You?
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.
Oh, I'm finishing up Eating the Dinosaur, any suggestions on what to read next?
Boys think of girls just like books: If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they wont even bother to read what's inside.
Boys think of girls just like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eyes, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
“@GreatestQuotes "It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it." - Oscar Wilde”
I hate when people tell me what to tweet. I'll tweet whatever I feel like. Don't like it, don't read it. problem saved.
God has led me to read the book of Revelation. What a loving and kind God we serve!
Crying at Great Expectations despite the fact I already knew what was going to happen as I've read the book. What is my life coming to?
I hate when somebody say "huh" or "what" to a txt msg and get mad when I say "you can fucking read!"
I need to make a series of something that will attract viewers...if anyone has any thoughts/ideas, happy to listen or read as you would here
HAS ANYONE GET A FANFIC I CAN READ PLEASE? I need to do something to get rid of my boredom.
I wish I'd never started 'We need to tak about Kevin'. I want to read something with a bit of kindness, even if it's hidden within the pages
“@LittleLana90: "@SimplyKeish23: I need to do something" happy hour” read my mind I was just like I need to hit up the liquor store
Maybe I need to see a therapist or something, I just can't stop thinking about what I read online today.
I need something new to read. Any suggestions?
Anyone got a fanfic I can read; need something to cheer me up :/ :) xx
I have no motivation or need to go out and do something. I'm gonna read a book, paint my nails, eat & listen to sexy music.
hahaha makes me laugh when people read one thing and think something else happened from it and feels the need to tell other people bullshit
I need to do something more productive with my time. Like read a good book
can't wait 4 the next Charline Harris sookie stackhouse novel to come out. I know will b awsome!!!!! need something good to read soon! lol
If you don't like what you read there is something that's called unfollow! I stay on your mind. Obviously you need to grow up.
Can somebody send me a story link? I'm bored. And I need to read something. GOOD! So please do me that favor =.)
Damn bored at home need something to read
To believe in something you don't understand is simply to be superstitious. Young ppl need to READ more to devolop a solid body of knowledge
I need something stimulating to read. Any suggestions?
I hope you read this..if you do, MSG me ASAP..I need to ask you something..
Can you guys recommend me any good fanfics? I need something to read while going back home.
I need some books to read or something.
I actually need to go and do something this Christmas other than read play ps3 and visit relatives :L
Do I have any followers that read as a hobby? I need something good to read. Note: magazine articles do not count. No offense.
So I need to get this book today I have to read something !!!!!
I need to read or do something educational
marge tells me i need something to read & i say sure and read my timeline NIGGA!
I need something to read.
I hate when you text someone something you need an answer to and they decide to stop replying. Bitch i know you read it!
Yeah well you should I need something to read
People need to tweet I'm bored and want to read something.
I read that prayer last night and it really touched me...something I need to read and thought I'll share.
I need something really inspiring to read. Something... magical. But what?
OMFG!!! Left my copy of "The Fifth Elephant" in my pigeon hole at work! :( Need something to read on the train tonight! TO THE BOOKSHELF!!!
young girls, You really need to read your bible, quran, SOMETHING
I need a new book to read, maybe that will give me something to do
Ha... so now I need to read Something Elf !! ( esp with that Canadian reference )  8^P
“@TheyLove_Chris: I Need Something To Do Until This Party Tonight!” read a book
Has anyone got or know a good zayn or harry fanfic? Going on a trip and i need something to read.
Although what I've just read, I wish I can do something about it! I know it's my fault but I need you to open up to me about it
i do actually need something new to read
i need ur help guyss.. CAN U RECOMMEND WHAT FUC TO READ? I WANT SOMETHING NICE, HEARTBREAKING, AND A FIC THAT WILL MAKE ME CRY
Dear twitter, please load faster when I'm in the loo, I need to read something. Sincerely, desperation.
F it I'm headed to the bed lay down and read a book hopefully learn something because I'm in desperate need of mental stimulatioln
I need something to read! I haven't found anything worth while at the library :(
Need to read a law book or something.. uhh
I Really Need To Proof Read My Sentences Before I Tweet Something.
No one tweets at 4:30 am? I need something to read
RT"@OfficialTobi: That's something I need to start doing. READING...I don't read :("
Seananners has the buffest voice ever. I need him to read me books before bed or something.
That's something I need to start doing. READING...I don't read :(
Ugh people need to learn how to spell seriously read the freakin dictionary or something -_- there's a difference between break and "brake"
The writing is on the wall..now all I need to do is read it and do something about it..
Yeah, can't read now. Need to vent. Must write... Something... Angst, come forth.
I need to go read a book or something!
Need something to make you fall asleep? Read Facebook updates.
Need to get a new book to read...so I at lease have something to do.
I need a new book to read. Any suggestions? (Something I can benefit from)
We need a messy bitch on the show. Somebody we can always read for filth...just because. Something to brighten our cloudy days.
lol some omf are snapping! keep. it coming guys. im bored and I need something to read :)
The temptation to be bad right now <<< smh I need to turn my phone off read a book or make something to eat !
Why do I keep on forgetting to read my book. I need to at least read thirty pages or so. I need a reminder or something.
I feel like that was a really good film, but I'm gonna need to read a summary or something to make sure.
If your not talking about something new or amazing no need to check up on me just read my timeline & u can see how I'm doing from there
"@jackiereck: Today I finished the whole entire game of angry birds rio. I need to find a book to read or something" been there girl! Haha
She said she need to find something positive to do. Go chew some bubble gum, get yo hair done, get yo ass in school, read a book.
I need a suggestion for something to watch on Netflix...anything I don't have to read...subtitles are not my friend tonight...anything?
I need something to read.. Hmmm
I need something new to read...
Just finished The Hunger Games. I don't think I've ever read something so amazing. Now I need to get my hands on Catching Fire.
TNT need to do something about that score board u can barley read it!!!
My unproductive self. I need to go read a book or something...
Not really feeling this nicholas sparks book. I need something else to read.
Need something new to read to kill time during hours of insomnia and to relieve the nagging sense of mental stagnation from not reading.
I need to read a book or something
I need something thought provoking to read.
I don't tweet philosophical, moving, or thoughtful tweets. No need to over exert myself for something that takes 2 seconds to read.
ugh kayla dumb, ima tell her the same exact thing i just tweeted her. she need to read it over or something cuz its easy to understand
I hate when I quote something from the Bible &people be like ohh that's deep.. no yu just need to read yur Bible
sometimes you just need to say something just to hope that person smiles when they read it.
If you need to tell me something tell me because I wasn't blessed with the power to read minds
Now that I've finished the Hunger Games series I need something else to read. Any suggestions?
I need to think of something to do other then hanging out in front of my laptop...I can read my novel I wrote or make my planner gee idk
i need to read a book or something
.@StepLaugh found his gf AND won his phone on Twitter. I need to step up my game. All I got from Twitter  something to read in the bathroom.
I find it cool when you're reading something I can't read. Need to master a foreign language which you all don't know. Lol.
tf you gettn fucked up for . bitch you need to read a book , learn something
“@501MiddleMan: I really need something to do tonight.” go read a book!
I never could read between the lines so I feel like you need to speak up if you have something you want to say!!
Omg need something interesting to read here ppls please tweet something good!
Need to watch or read something happy and superficial so I don't have nightmares about Dorian Gray
I need to stop cruising Amazon's site.  Every time I turn around, there's something else I want to read.
Just read commandments as condiments ... Maybe I need to eat something?
need something to do for NYE??? Read a fuking book
If I die, there is only one person I need to know something.. That's to read the letter under my pillow <3
so f'ing tired... need to get something to eat and just lay down and read something... need to escape RL for a while...
After a few vacation days I am running out of things to read online.  I need something to do
need something good to read
I need you to know something but idk how to tell you ... uh read the first 3 words !
I need something to read anyone recommend any good books????
The most recent issue of the Journal of Chem Ed is pretty useless. Now I need something else to read.
I need to unfollow some people, its all covered in stuff about Justin Bieber, i love him, but i want something different to read ok.
You guys need to read the raw twitter feed for this Ocean Marketing guy. He must be bi-polar or something. It's crazy.
I need something light to read before I start on A Feast for Crows, but I have nothing like that on my virtual bookshelf.
I need some one to proof read something for me, minimum requirements at least passed english 102 and 299???
I need to find an inspirational book to read.. Something to start my new year with a positive attitude.
we need to do something productive today...so im going to sew on some buttons, draw, read, and make music..and work out...hopefully
I need something to read...
No, no. Really, no. I don't need to go out in the desert to be a "man". I read my biology book, it's something else that makes you a man.
I delayed my nap to read up on something, then got sucked into an internet vortex.  Hour lost, frustrated, need nap now more than ever.
In need a good book to read . I tweet too much when I'm bored. I need something else to do. Any ideas?!
I need books to read or something, this is getting ridiculous
should i start reading hunger games or another series? input? someone help i need something to read
I need a new book to read : Something that will inspire please!!
Just retweeted something about friendship...some females need to read that might not blank your friends when they have a dude! Lol
Your doing my head in now, I need something else to read on these boring afternoons!
Everytime I read about congress I get more irritated. They need to reinstate trial by combat...maybe then they could accomplish something.
Need something to read tomorrow on my journey so had to stop reading my book...
You think you goin through something now? You need to read some bible stories because they had it worse than any living soul on this earth.
Before google, they had to read an encyclopedia or something... I just woulda been like fuk it... I don't need to know that bad
I hate them tweets that I GOT to retweet and if I don't, that means I don't love God. Gtfoh.! Y'all need something better to do. Read a book
OK, I need to read or go climb or something! Tearing myself away from computer for awhile. Peace
I need something new to read
read my mind"@HBreeeziyanna: I need to eat something before I hit the gym"
People should tweet more today. I'm bored and need something to read.
I feel like doing something...I need a book to read
I need more followers. It's not worth it to say something funny if only 5 people read it. Hah
Can people come back from vacation and go back to work? My twitter feed is empty and I need something to read during cigarette breaks
Finished all my books. Need something new to read. Any suggestions?
Any new book suggestions?? I need something good to read and review...
I really need to read before I post something
“@iCarlieO: Why is everyone getting pregnant?! You bitches need to simmer. Go read a book or something lol.”
Finshed Inheriance. I need something to read.
Layan mata di TL.. Leteyh but need something to read..so entertain me people.. Eh!
I really need something new to read.
Need Something to read in your post Crimbo dug? I, Lucifer by Glen Duncan is FRICKING Awesome. That's my book review. Just there.
Ok i need to do actually do something productive today. I'm gonna go hurry up and do this thing for my mum so i can read this fanfic ok
Need something other than Twitter favorites for "read later" links. Could use InstaPaper but want to give credit to the referrer sometimes.
I need to buy another book bc my nerves are a bad and I need to read something to distract my mind
So random. Maybe I need to go to school, read a book or something, because my mind needs stimulated at all times.
"@MissDeeDee_: Gaddem. I need to go to the library & get The Notebook. Or something. I need a book to read" UDONMEANIT !
fuuuuuuuuuuuu I need to do something more productive than read Reddit. all. day. long.
maybe you need to write something down before anyone can read and understand, or you did just in a different language we gotta take classes
Gaddem. I need to go to the library & get The Notebook. Or something. I need a book to read
"@makeyou_MOan: need something to do today ." GO READ A BOOKK 
Read new VD and Noel Fielding's book in 2 days. I need something new to read now!
U kno u need to take ya ass to sleep when ya eyes start burning when u try to read something smh
I need to clear something up: if you read my fic at my LJ, it is ALL PUBLIC. You don't need to be my friend to view it. HOWEVER>>
My phone probably die before I get to sliver spring oh well maybe I need to read something thats not on my phone
Why is everyone getting pregnant?! You bitches need to simmer. Go read a book or something lol.
Mum: I need something new to read...  .Me: I'LL GET YOU SOMETHING! *Goes into room, comes back out with all John Green books*
Do you like, stay up all night & read my tweets? Looking for something to run back & tell my man? Lol I think you need a new hobby /:
I need a newspaper or something to read. This is soooooo boring.
:/ I'm so bored. Need something to do besides read. Bleh.
I need something good to read. suggestions?
Yes read my tweets to find out all what you need to know, ya might learn something. -_-
Hmmm I don't read mixed signals well :/ if you're feeling something you need to tell me
This is when people need to tweet, give me something to read
I decided to keep going..I'm getting to the end of the chapter. You guys will need to read the author's note. Something important lays there
I need something interesting to read!
i need something to read :/
"Yeah, I read the child called it...when I need something to get me in the mood" .-Ashley Potter
That feeling when you read a book and something amazing happens in it and you like need to take a deep breath and let the info sink in lol
he need to go read a book or something  .
I need to read a book make some flash cards or something... Lol
Oh God I need to read something but school books!
I really need something to read.
I need someone to read something for me and tell me what you think? Pleaseeee.
I need to read something
I think my brain is horny or something...My eyes keep making everything I read sound freaky! Smh I just need to go to sleep...
"@AndreanaBritt: calling me scary isn't gonna make me do something i don't wanna do."...these young girls need to read this.
i need comic book suggestions marvel or dc i dont care i just need something to read
I'm gonna try and read the Pretty Little Liars series. I need to start reading *something* again:p
When I read something or watch something I need a reason to care abt the ppl in the story.  I need to relate.  Make me care.
I feel empty. I need more of J. K. Rowling or at least something new to read.
Y'all need to go sit down somewhere and read a book or something. Nasty bastards. Lol
they need to go read a book or something or do some damn homework and make sure they goin to high skool and shit
if you think of Cody when Nicole Simpson trends, there's something wrong with you. Y'all need to read/watch the news or get a history book.
If you want to be re-tweeted, tweet something cathartic and I can almost guarantee that if I read it I will feel the need to RT it :-/
he mad cause idk y he mad i dont read minds so ima need you to say something baby
I have very smart followers...I need something new to read.  Any suggestions?
Tired of trying to read ppls mind, if there's something you need to say... TALK!!!
Hmm...I think I should get myself a book or something. I need to read more. (y)  .8-)
I need to hit up a library or order done more books or something . I have zero books to read !!
Everybody saying"I need to leave the house NOW"for one it's wendsday and two sthu go read a book or something
That heart sinking feeling when you read something you really didn't want to hear or need to know
I need to take a break from these social networks.. maybe do something constructive... read a book or start a photo album..
These kids need to stfu! Go read or something sheesh!
Need recommendations for my next book to read. Something that will consume me.
i need something to read give me comic suggestions NOW!!!!!!
whenever i see a status with loads of comments i feel the need to read them all, just in case its something interesting.
I really need to proof read before I send something..
I need to go get some books. I need something to occupy my time. I might as well read.
So we keep finding books in the bathroom at work smh guess ppl need something to read while they are in the shitter lol
Boredom = trouble. I need to go read a book or something lol.
After going on holidays I realise I don't need to read everything from my RSS feed. Nothing bad will happen if I don't know something.
Feel like reading a book. Need to go To indigo and search for something interesting. Yes i do read.
But now I need something new to read...none of the Zane ish either...I'd rather make my own story...if ya have suggestions let me know
Some of y'all need to step up your vocabulary. Smh read the dictionary or something. .
“@izecream: I need something to read!”how about the bible? :)
I need something to read. I'm depressed without a book! SERIOUSLY! Where is my mom? I want to go to Barnes&Noble really badly. URGH! :/
I need something to read!
well.....that last retweet was something I didn't need to read right now.....my thoughts....they scare me a little :\
What they need to do is turn their TV off and read something.
i am theee most unhelpful person when somone is crying. i need to take a class, or read a book on this or something.
If you need something to read on the toilet, the issue of Cincinnati Wedding Magazine featuring an article about Lauren and I is available.
Being a social media manager is exciting. Why? Because to post nice things you need to read them. So you learn always something!
Watching the L word. & it's just making me bored. I need something to do....maybe I'll read so more brittana fanfics.
Just finished 3 books in 3 days. I need something else to read. Suggestions?
Texting can be so inconvenient. Things can be easily read wrong so if you need to ask me something of importance PICK UP THE PHONE
Read my TL "@MOREBUNDLES_: I need something to do on new years"
If a u got a problem she need to speak up n fuckin say something cuz I dnt read minds nor do I kiss ass.. This tweet is for Lia
I wrote something and I really need her to read it......
Read a book!lol «@PromisingBeauty Ughhh i need something to do .»
I need something good to read, watch, or look at online... Uh any suggestions?!
Pissed ... It's old as hell... need something else to read
Extremely bored :/ ...need something to read
I need to go to Walmart and buy a new book. I need something to read in my down time.
I need to read a book or something...
I need a book to read. Something like a biography. Any suggestions?
I need something dark and twisted to read.....
I need a good book to read, something that teaches tho... I don't like to read these mediocre novels they have out here now-a-days !
So like, I need a book to read or something
I need something to read! I've already read Little Women, however epicawesomesauce the cover of it is now
Every time I get ready to read my book a damn patient need something....uggggg
i need something to make me sleep. gonna read a book or eat? nahhhhhhh! not a good help!
I feel like I need to do something, but I don't know what! Eat? Read? Write something? Ag! This is annoying!
if you are bored and need something to do, just read Mikar's status, it has made my day tooo funny loooooooooooool u joka x sfesfe
I need something to read!!! Rec me anything!!!
ADifferent Forrest: Need something to read?:  .	I really want to rec an author: Isannah . .	I've finally been reading again (yay ...  UPDATE
If someone posts: "going to read my favorite book today" on Facebook, I assume they mean: "going to take a big dump, need something to read"
Finished The Help, need something else to read
I need something good to read.. *thinking*
I need to read again, its something i like doing NOW.
I need to give a 'Welcome to the Internet sticker' to something i just read
I'm terrible with Words with Friends and Hanging with Friends. Oh lawd. Something tells me I need to go read a dictionary.
Need something to read. I've heard people blathering about Hunger Games. Worth it?
Anyone have any good book recommendations for me? I need something to read after I'm done les mis?
Ahhhh well, except this one I'm reading about. Sooo boring, and so typical. Bah D: I need something to read that is less boring <w<
Going to have tea. Ad read (something exciting) lol -- because I need excitement or a drink smh
I'm desperately in need of something to read, to do, to go to.. PLEASE!
I need to go read a book or something. Lol.
does anyone know a good book series or author i need something new to read uyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy the rest of that was roo
I been so slow lately. I need to read a book or something.
Sometimes. I go through my favorites & just RT them hoes cuz each one of em saying something ppl need to read.
Stupid Word Mole game is a cheat! I need to read a dictionary or something.
Roro go read a bloody book •“@BarbieAttack: I need a something to do. Like, I can't be sitting on this everyday tweeting u cocks.”
This lil boy on my tl need to go to bed ,read a book or something.
Now i need something new to read
I need something interesting to read *constantly refreshing my TL*
Ugh I wanna finish this book tonight but I need something to read tomorrow
"@ThatKidAsok: Super Duper Bored, Need To Get High." Go Read a Book or Something hah :D
“@paulinemanne: Does anyone know a good book to read? I need to do something over break omg” tell me 'bout it.
Does anyone know a good book to read? I need to do something over break omg
I be getting pissed when I tweet something and make an error. I need to read my tweets out loud instead of in my head.
I need to read something deep and philosophical before I fall back into ratchet mode O_o
i need to find something to read....internet dont fail me now
So I really just woke up I need to read this book eat something and probably go back to sleep
HEY TATI!!!!!! YOU ARE SICK AND TWISTED FIC READER!!!!! I NEED A KIDNAPPING FIC TO READ. OR SOMETHING LIKEIT
All of you need to open your minds and read a book or something. Maybe that way you'll understand a lot more
i need something funny to read =|
I seriously can't stand wasting my time in front of the tv. I need a good book to read or something.
You need to retire bitch & find something else to do other then worry about somebody way over 13 years younger then you read that bitch
Read something iReally need to know about
okay, i need to compose myself for the PHRASE i've read.. piece of advice my friend, Be ready for anything when posting something!
Love when I read something out loud that doesn't have a period at the end, I feel the need to say question mark or exclamation point.
i need a book to read or something
i need to read something funny
...Now I need something new to read.
I really need coffee and something to read, right now!
“@uMMA_CELEBRiTY: I need something to do !”---read a mothalovin book
On second thought, I'm too sleepy to read this...I need something a little lighter...
ATTENTION WORLD! Girls who have photo shoots in their homes need to find something else productive to do!!!! READ A DAMN BOOK!
Soooo.....every time I log into fb, somebody is engaged? Am I doing something wrong...do I need to read a book?
Read all my new books...can't find a fanfic...can't write...I need something to do...
I need something to read
i need something to read eej{fgj´fkg
sorry for the unstopabble tweets . I need to express something today .but im done now :) dont read , please scroll .
I need to read a book or something haha
I really need to read or something I hate sitting around
I need something fluffy to read. Recommendations?
I really really really need to do something productive. Or more productive. My brain just read 'got pussy' and that is -not- what that said
These chicks need to stop thinking about sex and read a book or something
Looks like I'm gonna have to buy this book myself. I need to read something. It's driving me crazy!
Someone be cool enough for iChat. I'm bored and I read my book already. I need something to do!
I need to read a book or something, I been lost for words lately.
Not going to be on the computer tomorrow. No idea what I'll do, but I need to do something. Maybe read Holmes or Ah Q
"You need to read something new." "Why?" "Because Stephen King and Dean Koontz will stop writing someday." "Must you tell such lies?"
I want to expand my knowledge...(if that makes sense) I need a good book to read or something educational to watch.
I don't want to start another book 'cause I want to remember everything from Fallen when I start the next one, but I need something to read!
I need something good to read or watch . . .
Need something to readdd i finished all the mangas i wanted to read... DudePhatal book ideas?!4kkDl8
' I'm bouta order a book or something , I need something to read.
Somebody have a rant or something. I need something interesting to read.
so i need to get out of my room and do something productive...other than read
need a new book to read!!! something really good...any suggestions?
Just read something in this book that convicted me! smh Need to repent to somebody
Why do i always sit and read through all my old texts? I need to find something to do
I need a good Arabic novel to read something really really good! Please don't suggest "The Riyadh Girls" Novel, not my type LOL
I need to read something upbringing
3rd day home alone. Now I see why some people are so nosy. They need something interesting to talk about.. I need new books now, read em all
I need something to read on this kindle.. But I have no idea what..
What magazines do you peoples read? I need something new as my monthly one is starting to bore me and get on my nerves.
When I sit and read all day, I feel as if I need to be doing something, as in watching tv lol. Idk why.
I need some tea. Something to sooth my mind. It's running 100 miles per hour. About to cook and read.
Somebody need to find better hobbies, go read a book or something
better than one new book is a few new books ;) I really need something to read !!!!
This might sound weird but I cannot wait to start school again. I feel lazy smh lol I need to read or something
Really need to find something interesting to read, have to get my mind right!
I'm in rare dumb form today!!! LOL. God 4give me. I need to read the bible, or do something constructive. When does work start again?
Smh I need people to READ MORE BOOKS OR SOMETHING!!!! I can't stand when people say shit like "I have stockers"
Abt to start my next shift sitting with a crazy patient, i need a book to read, my laptop or something, ima be bored as shit
I need something to read. Anyone have any imagines I can read right now? :)
Guys, what good books are out? Recommendations please. Need something new (interesting and different) to read!
When I need something to laugh at I read those texts
Need something interesting to read.
Is 'the girl with the dragon tattoo' any good? I figure I need to read something in English before I forget how to...
I need something good to read today.
I need something good to read.
OMFG Beliebers!!! SHUT THE FUCK UP, PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!! You really need something to do in your vacations!! Get a fucking life!! Read!!
I feel like I need to read a book or something bc Im bouta forget all this college stuff before school even starts back.. lol
crap! need something else to read. want something sci-fi ish. preferably dramatised but I've zilched my supplise.
So I need to read something! Arghhhhhhhhh :O
Ima need to go to the library wen I get off work cuz ima be bored as fuk at work. Ima need something to read while I'm here lol
Need new book to read. I need something to do today. GAHHH too much freedom.
Don't forget to keep tweeting guys. Lots of bored family members sitting around staring at their phones today. They need something to read.
im done reading black & ugly , i need something else to read.
somebody please on a computer, please tell me you can translate something for me! my computer is in chinese and i need to read something!
Need something to read..
updating wattpad on my phone, i need something new to read
I need something to read........
Don't forget to keep tweeting guys. Lots of people are bored. They need something to read.
On and off sleep. Help! I need someone to read me a bedtime story or something.
Is isn't anybody tweeting?! .Tweeet! I'm bored!i need something to read!
"@Ballaholic_B: Im tweeting so much cause my TL dry , I need something to read ." Right .
I need something to keep me awake until the dl in done. By something, read food.
i jus wrote something really dope. need some1 to read it to tho. cuz they need to hear it the way i would read it lol. but everybdy sleep :/
Ppl need to read shit thoroughly before they try to comment on something ...
“@AuntieSmokey: what's a good book? I need something new to read.” The Golden Thirteen
what's a good book? I need something new to read.
Finished a 635 pages book today. And now I need something else to read.
I need something good to read
Looking for a book to read..I need something to occupy my mind
need something to read , I'm deadly bored , now
Read a 500 page book today. I really need to do something with my life.
Sit back relax , read & don't say a word . That's what I learned to do something alot of my followers need to do as well
All these little ass rapper kids need to go read a book or something.
That akward moment when you don't understand something you are reading and you don't understand it so you need to read it twice
Need something to read, suggestions?
I hate watching tv! I need something to do or read
Although I dnt really believe it, I need to read my horoscope. I feel something good comin along. ♐
I need to read some rules & tips for Words with Friends. I must be doing something wrong. Lol
It's been a movie marathon night. Not sure how I feel about Something Borrowed. Think I need to read the books
It's been a movie marathon night. Not sure how I feel about Something Borrowed. Think I need to read the books.
I need to read a book.. Educate myself. Something! Just because I don't have school.. Doesn't mean I can't get a little knowledge flowing.
First i need to be able to read kkkk write is something far far far away lmao
I need to read something good. Any suggestions?
Im'ma need you to read my timeline before you ever subtweet something to me as side ways as that was. t(-_-)t lol
That lil nigga need to read a book or something
anyone want to recommend a good book they've read lately? I need something to read.
I think jersey shore ' snooki and deanna is the most DUMBEST FEMALES EVER !!! no hate just love ! They need to read and book or something
Hmmm starting to feel a little bored....wish I had another book to read or something. I need to start makin dates with mis amigos :)
Hmm, I need to read one more book by the end of the month to reach 50 books for the year. I think I need to pick up something short & quick
I need to punch a wall r something let me read the bible!
“@sianawalker: need to get some new books to read in my spare time. something productive to do with myself!” I'm on the same wave
need to get some new books to read in my spare time. something productive to do with myself!
i need something to read. what am i missing?
bored. need something to do. i'll sing a little and then read
Is Richard Hammond's book any good? I need something to read
I need something to read!! any recs?:D
Ok really need to read something happy now! Time to vote on what Stevie reads!
I need to read a book, something that will enlighten me.
I really need to read something Steampunk w/ an awesome heroine who is part robot just so I can listen to "Fembot" by Robyn even more
I need to read something positive
I need something to read about. Ideas?
I need a freaking book to read or something
I need a new book to read. Something that will really get me hooked. Enjoying Jonathan Strange, but I'm not desperate to turn the next page
Making the best of bed rest. I want to read something fun-doesn't need to be acclaimed or impressive. Recs? Considering Hunger Games or SVH.
I need something to read while I wait for Steffy, so I'm going to have to temporarily give up on The Hunger Games.
App store seems to be back. I'm praying for something that'll let me read non-Kobo stuff easily. It says I need a micro SD card otherwise.
I hate when people be like rt if You love god.  He seen you read this ... I don't need to rt something for god to know our bond.  Get real
JetBlue sends me too many emails daily yo! And I have no choice but to read them cause it might be something I need to know.
Don't forget to tweet today guys. Loads of bored family members sitting around staring at their phones. They need something to read ;)
mum&dad got me books and said "we know the college is a long journey so youll need something to read" haha love yous:))
I need something to read!!!- well, except the Titan's Curse. I have trouble while reading the book. Uhm... something about the publication.
I need to find something to read since I can't sleep ugh
Hey tweeterverse. Step it up. Need something to do/read until Santa brings his lazy ass to mah haus.
Its not cool to be 30+ and have a twitter and follow young teens. Old people need to read a book or something of their generation.
I need to lay back && write, read a book, listen to music, watch a movie do something
I need a good book to read. Something to take me away from it all....
I'm not going to read the host again. It's such a long book. I need something new
“@TeeCoverGirl: I NEED ME SOMETHING TO DRINK ON!”>>>damn u read my mind
You said you want my <3 x Well baby you can have it all x There's just something that I need from you is to read my Thoughts !.
Too tired to read. Video games it is. I need something to pass time!
I need to read something. Hello books! Let's read some stuff about the gross Fungi! :)
it's the day set aside to recongize his birth! seriously! you need to read the bible and learn something!
just finish reading "vines" which btw was amazing. now i need something new to read.
I'm gonna go curl up in bed and read a fanfic cos I'm bored and I need something to entertain me till I get my presents {dies}
I need to read something about a Libra... Pls any1
ffs pisses me off when my sis uses my phone and fills the need to read my inbox. theres something called pravacy!!!
Gift Guide: something to wear, something to read, something they want, something they need.
NOW I NEED SOMETHING NEW TO READ!!! someone recc me something or i might try the redbreast again
I need something to read to cheer me up. Some good Ron/Hermione love or something.
: I was read back my old tweets, and yeah. Twitter is santa now. I said I need something to laugh. And I laugh out of control tonight :D
Gimme some good books to read I need something new!
I need something to do!.. Guess I'm just gonna go and read.
Hey everyone can you tweet me the BEST fanfic you've ever read? Need something to do tonight :)
I need something fluffy to read lol
Now i need something to read !
how did he know i need something new to read?
Fact: Black People need to read something Educational & Learn about our Black history instead of Smoking, drinking, & Having sex
it's to many depressed niggas/bitches on my tl yall need to get off twitter with that shit go read a book or something
I'm tweeting so much but i mean all those followers need to read something -_-
I need a fanfic to read...today is going so slow, I need something to do!
Well, i will buy that book :) i need to read something interesting this summer :p
I definitely need to learn to read first before I start drinking or eating something :/ idk why I put myself in such moments *sick face*
I really need to learn how to read lips... It's something that could come in handy in many situations...
Someone give me a good brittana, or klaine smut fic please I need to read something
Need more book reccs please: Something I can read to my 7- and 4 year-olds.
lol i just read something that tells me i need to go to bed. not even gonna start. blaaaaahh haha i miss my honey cant wait to see him!!!
Tweet bitches tweet! I'm up and need something to read!
I just posted You Need To Realize Building An Online Business Isn’t Something Which Anyone Can Do, read it here: http://acmearticle...
I need something to read now that I'm done with the Hunger Games series. Suggestions?hHssr
I need something to do. I cleaned, I wrapped gifts, did laundry, read my book... =/J1Nn
I need to just shut up and go read a book or something.
read over two thousand pages of stuff over break.... i need something else im running outta shit to read online and old books in my room
I need to get in the spirit. Maybe I should read a chapter of Ben Hur or something.
Anyone know of any new comic novels!?... I need something new to read!
So. I need to get to Parramatta by 6:30, see War Horse, have dinner, read? Or something until midnight and then Sherlock. But ahh. 3 HOURS.
I need to delete all of my social networks, I read something daily that makes me want to kill someone.
I knw twitter &fb not college, &u dnt hve to spell everything rite but if u mispell everytime u post something u need to proof read!!
Nothing to read, nothing to read.. UGH. I need books or something to read, like seriously.
We need something to do ..what the lck read?
While looking for a verse l found something ppl need to read. No matter what deeds you do in front of ppl, GOD can see ur heart!--->>
i need to get a kindle or something... want books to read but dont wanna carry a forest in my truck
I welcomely invite anyone to buy my a Christmas present..and I hope its a book! need something to read on the plane
Ugh people need to realize why Christmas is a holiday, & why we celebrate it. READ A BIBLE, GO TO CHURCH, do something.
I need to read a book or something, foreallll. My vocabulary is downgrading to a 7th grade level and I'm forgetting a lot of scholarly shit.
Need to read something about Othmani history. Any suggestion?
Don't expect me to read your mind if you need/want something then ask.
The Sony Reader doesn’t have a wireless option, so you’ll need to plug it into your computer when you want to download something to read
its some ugly ass muthafuckas in this library lmao ... damn , they need to read about a make over or something
I NEED TO WATCH/READ SOMETHING HAPPY
I only own three pairs of jordans like theyre not my priority niggas abd bitches need to set their lives straight. Read a book or something.
I need to get a book to replace twitter...if I'm gonna read because I'm bored it should be something worth reading
aliyasking I have something to look forward to. I love to read and I need my fix! LOLmhD
