The most exciting part of my new few days will be watching movies all day. Alone. Omg. fuck you chicken pox.
At the movies...bout to watch new eve years!
I wanna go to the movies for new years.!
In the movies watching the new sherlock  holmes movie
At home about to hook my new flat screen up and watch movies...
Enjoyed the new Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. Of all the MI movies, this one felt the most like the original TV series.
Movies with mom to see new years eve for the second time
I stay on the hunt for new scary movies. I love scary movies (:
Hmmm...After all the William Powell and Myrna Loy movies I've dvr'd which TV marathon will it be on New Year's weekend?
Thinking about taking my niece to the movies on new years
My mom loves watching older movies that take place in New Bedford.
At the movies seeing New Years Eve with tha parents
I learn how to make new scary voices from horror movies and people around me suffer
I need a bottle nd some new movies ..I think that's my move for the weekend.
Thinking About Movies And iHop Tomorrow. It's New Years Eve.
Wooooohhh Going to the movies to see puss in boots 3D today :) happy new years eve everyone!
I have spent the two latest new years in the kitchen alone watching movies on the computer, this year there will be no difference
So I found a website that gives you any movies new or old & ones that are not out on DVD (: yay !!! Lol
Watching Movies with a bestie. Great way to spend the start of my new years eve :D
I wanna go to the movies tomorrow to see that movie New Years Eve (:
Netflix needs a new movie category. "Movies where shit gets real" Panic Room just took Ke through!
At the movies . Bouta go watch new years eve (:
Mani-Pedi, masks, candy, and movies with hot boys all in preparation for new years eve! :)
OMYGOD!!!!!!!!! New movies coming up so sick!
Tons of Christams movies on DVD to choose from, but are there any New Years movies on DVD?
wanna go to the movies new years or new years eve .......
There are way too many movies that take place in New York City. Why none in Portland, Maine? I find the latter so much more fascinating.
I figured out what I'm doin New Years.....Stayin my black ass home, cuddled up in my sheets eatin & watchin movies! No gym just relaxation:)
Gangs of New York is one of the best movies of all time. Hands down.
Normally for new years I had something to do, lol this year I'm probably just staying home and watch movies -_____________________-
No new movies at redbox -_-
Movies :D going to see New Years Eve
This movie has so many actors in it, it's like the New Year's Eve of apocalyptic disease movies.
At the movies gonna are new years eve! Btw my boobs look amazerful
I hate the new HD version of my Tv... I cant watch my movies the same way.. -____-
I guess its a New China Buffet night with my Lil princess Alexavia then the movies!
NO NEW HP MOVIES OR BOOKS THIS YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME MY WHOLE LIFE!
Somebody educate me, what's new in the world? Movies, art, music? What up!
this new years eve will consist of drugs and movies. Still on those pills for my wisdom teeth... which means no goin out for me! :(
- new years plan = movies with myself (:,
For the new year 2012. They have two great movies coming out. Contraband January 13th and Haywire January 20th. Should be good.
Good one dvd player, you just break as soon as I get new movies :(
All set 4 new years and trip 2 the store movies and store tommorow spending new years@ home.
does anyone know any new horror movies i can watch ?
We might slide thru da movies..Get some new contacts.. Smell me?
IF YOU WEREN'T HAVING A PARTY THEY WOULD HAVE WATCHED MOVIES WITH ME. FUCK YOU, HAVE A HORRIBLE NEW YEAR'S EVE. DUMB ASS HOLE POOP FACE.
“@TheBoxingCoach Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?”
Jus left da movies had fun && New Years Eve was a real good movie
I have an uncanny ability to spot an Actor/Actress from the most random TV shows in old / new movies.
The new Sherlock Holmes is one of my new favorite movies
if only!!! What a wonderful world it would be! “@TheBoxingCoach: Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?”
My sad mood passed. Friends, planning the New Year's Eve party and talking about movies with Nick Sagan (how awesome is that?!) helped. :)
going to the movies tonight to see New Year's Eve <3
At the movies watching new years eve
Avion Marcel Chappelle is bout to drive me crazy....i gotta get him some new movies..
Sometimes I get worried that I'm going to watch all of the great movies too early in my life & not get to experience "new" classics later on
Movies to see new years eve :)
Spending new years at home watching movies while my family goes to sunpeaks. Fuck.
guess me & kayla go to the movies tomorrow.. then over my aunt house for New year's Eve.,
Last day of 2011 and it was great went to therapy then shopping and now im watching movies also got new CDs n a shirt:)!
Haven't been to the movies since "Breaking Dawn" premiered. So, New Years Eve is a must see for me tomorrow
I want a happy new year's eve. Like in the movies . :))
I want to go to the movies and watch New Year's Eve!
Tomorrows New Years Eve.. Who's coming for this fireworks kiss you only see in movies, when the ball drops frm me? Lol
Just whatched "New Year's Eve" with some friends, awesome movie! I soo reccomend it, one of my top 3 movies ever! :)
"@_AlwaysMeBrit: At the movies with my sissy, niece and nephews watching the new Chipmunks movie"I stayed laffn
Figuring out what imma do for my son bday on new years day... Im thinkin movies and cake and his party next week
Recently got Aperture and Final Cut Pro, gagging to use my new camera to get pics and vids of gigs and make some serious movies.
The only reason I'm excited for tomorrow is for the new movies and shit yes I am that sad
wats some good NEW movies I should rent
catching up on the new girl, then family dinner and home to watch movies. and tomorrow with mandy <3 fucking perfect
I should spend all day on the couch watching crappy movies more often. Next up: new Planet of the Apes.
Everyone is complaining how no one is having a party for new years eve, tbh drinking is great I rather stay at home and watch movies
Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?
The Emperors New Grove is one of my akl time favorite movies because its setting is Cuzco, Peru, and Im Peruviannn<3 :D lol
just got 5 new movies (: I LOVE laying up watching them
man i should go to a new years party .......nah imma stay home and watch movies
Just got a two for one at the movies!! Mission Impossible and New Years. Great day with oomf.
Saw In Time the other day and the new Sherlock Holmes today. Huge difference between those two movies!
At the movies. Gonna watch the new Alvin and chipmunks
Top Gun is one of my new fav movies
New years eve and watching movies <3
My les feel like they're about to fall off.. Can't wait to sit at the movies here soon and watch New Years Eve. :)
Bout to get some new movies hit the liquor store and chill for the night!
So many new good movies coming out
Watching movies on my laptop and cleaning for the New Year is what this day will remain of. School is around the damn corner :/ Wehhh
Movies & shopping tomorrow.... what's new?! lol
Rise & shine.. New year's eve? Sleep, Eat, watch movies, psp, sMs, boring huh? U scream! Hahaha.. Tamang trip lang.. ;D
Man I wanna go to the movies tonight to see mission impossible... DRINKING PARTY tomorrow for new years hit me for mo info If u wanna come
2012 is gonna be such an exciting year for Selena fans. 3 new movies, Selena's new fragrance, and possibly a new album! RT if your excited!♥
I need to go out and buy movies asap so I can use these new gorgeous contraptions
new years eve tomorrow. Or, night in with the mother watching movies and eating crap on the last day of 2011.
I like how I watch old movies and notice new shyt.
i feel so fat cuz i ate to much qoinq to the movies on New Years Eve and and watchinq movie call "New Years"
Movies;New years eve <3
movies and idk what esle tomorrow for new years eve .
New Year's Eve: Black-and-white movies and board games? Or hiking to a nice spot for fireworks?
You know I really don't wanna party this New Years eve just wanna lay up and watch movies but I bought a outfit
Saw New Year's Eve last night. It was so cheesy it tasted like cheddar, but I like cheesy movies.
Making my brother take me to the movies to see New years eve..lol he paying for everything. Who needs a boyfriend! Pshh
"Taken" iz now one of my new favorite movies...
Just seen New Year's Eve - a movie so cheesy I nearly drowned in Gorgonzola. Fortunately, I like cheesy movies at this time of year.
I could have easily stayed home with my son tonight and watched movies. But you wanted to take him do you could go out on new years.
Looks like ill be alone on new years. All good! Just means no drama! Woo! I'll hang out with my bestie whose man left her too! Wine & movies
The Emperors New Groove is one of my favorite Disney cartoon movies.
Movies later! So excited to see New Years Eve:)
My new year's resolution: To write more about stuff such as events, movies and theatre if i have time.
My new favorite channel pixl can't get enough of the movies
everyone go to the movies at 7 in the shop rite plaza and see new years eve!!!
I'm still watching Christmas movies on the Hallmark channel sorry to see season is over. Next big event  New Years @ the  Waldorf  Astoria.
The Emperor's New Groove is still one of my favorite movies. Getting a lot of work accomplished to this film
i was just told "people don't go to movies on New Year Eve, they get drunk, do drugs, and fuck each other." the flicks should be empty tmrw!
So what movies will be on during New Years Eve that I can watch with the dogs??...I mean what crazy parties are going on????
Outlets was fuuun! Get new stufff for goood sales <3 now movies with the bessts!
I think I made up in my mind I just wanna be at the crib bringing in the new year with movies.
Hummm. About to go to the movies but i cant decide about which one: "mama tomate la sopa o new year's eve".  What do you think?
i wonder if ppl really do that kiss thing new years ! . . . i onnly see it in movies
im watching movies on new years eve, instead of partying like you people.
MOVIES!! again.. now war horse or new years... decisions. decisions. :)
Just saw the new Sherlock Holmes movie! considering I hate action movies, this was good :)
Nicolas Cage should stop making new movies immediately!
Movies tomorrow .. :D.. Ohh.. New Years Eve .. :D :D
so anyone wanna go to the movies , I wanna see new years eve or darkest hour !
Dee & I will open our home 4 movies & a safe place 2 ring in the new year. come hang out with us & keep yourself out of trouble!
Hahaha. The Emperor's New Groove is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
Sappy love movies rnt that fun when you're sick in bed while being alone and single the say before new years eve *changes chanel* -___-
Is it weird that new years eve is tomorrow & my brain keeps telling me to stay home with a bottle of wine, movies & sweatpants? Hmm!!!
i hope we got new movies
I been to the movies a lot lately . I seem the sitter , alvin and the chipmunks , new years eve. Well it a lot for me. I don't usually go
JUST GOT BACK FROM THE MOVIES WIT THA OG THAT NEW MISSION IMPOSSIBLE GO IN
my boy knows how to cheer me up vodka chocolates and a snuggle night in bed watching movies trailer searching tmora for our new home
bringin in the new year babysittin... n i honestly dgaf. ima jus play xbox, watch movies, n drink  *shrug*
One more night of 2011 then new years eve!!! :D tonight I get to watch movies again!!!! All alone!! Hahaha
classic horror movies and beer? fuck yeah! this is how we roll on new years eve eve.
Warrior might be one of my new top favorite movies of all timevqeyq
2012 is gonna be Selena's year! i mean, new movies, new clothes from DOL, new perfume, new album, another tour! 2012 WILL BE GOMEZING!
I love how they're putting classic disney movies in theaters so this new generation of little ones won't miss out on true childhood =]
I think I might just stay at chriss this year for new years. Movies, his bed, and Jagger all night <3 it sounds lovely.
Dear OnDemand, I demand you have some better and new movies....,-singed Fed-up comcast user
Yeah! My Amazon package came today! New movies and books! :D
Going to the movies tonight!!! wanna see the new Harold and Kumar:) but apparently its not showing any more in the theater:(
omg im just excited for everything selena-related next year. tour, new perfume, new movies, new perfume.
Sort of not sure what is happening at New Years' this year. Might just stay in with some movies and some cheap champagne I guess?
Since my dad just decided to watch my new Harry Potter movies without asking, I hope he doesn't expect me to still take him to BWW tonight..
So I went to New Years Eve with my friend.. Honestly, you're not doing me a favor bringing me to those romantic shit movies.
Ima Goto The Movies With Her Ass Tomorrow Tho , I Aint Trynna Goto New York .
@ the movies watching New Year's Eve with a dear friend :D
If I don't go to the movies by the end of this night I swear somebody gone be cut off for new years!
What's wrong with New Years and me, is that I expect too much of it every year. Yet I always end up in my room, watching christmas movies
At the movies with my sissy, niece and nephews watching the new Chipmunks movie
omg im just excited for everything selena-related next year. tour, new perfume, new movies, new pefume. wmsjhfj.
I don't want to do anything for New Years this year, I just wanna relax and watch lots of movies with the family <3
I honestly think I'm stayin in on new years in fact I am I'm ah have ma Lil mama so we junk food and movies all night lol :)
New years eve i will be in my bed with alot of junk food watching movies.
What you doin' for New Year's Eve? We are watching movies and playing board games! That's the best!
Movies with aunt<3 watching new moon finally!
hello,i have to say you look so much like the docter in the twighlight movies .happy new year
favorite movies of all time? twilight, new moon, eclipse, and breaking dawn. --
I haven't been to the movies in a while umm I wonder what new movies out!
I really don't want to party for new years I just want to relax with some movies and get a sweet new years kiss
Off to the movies to see new years eve!:)
The Emperor's New Groove and the second are on and I love those movies they are the shit
New year means; New music. New movies. New tour(maybe!), New album(s). New style. New shows[maybe]. Yes, it will be Selena's year AGAIN.
New Years resolutions: become more needy, gain weight, get less sleep, make fewer movies.
you never see new movies in theaters that are black and white anymore, good times
War Horse was very good! No tears Yeah! Also saw New Years Eve. It's good. All these movies lately have given me major travel fever!!
When the commercial for new years eve comes on I think it's Christmas time cause after I got out of the movies it felt like new years eve
I'm gonna go home, eat and watch movies tonight. Got long day tomorrow, starting w/ work and ending with bringing in the new year drunk
hahaha we gone be watching a load a movies on new years night!! yayy ithink ilove this guy too! Welcome to our family, my dear good friend!!
Love the week between Christmas and New Years. Being lazy and watching demented movies on Lifetime.
Dwyane "The Rock" Johnson is the new Arnold Schwazzaneger but way better. He's better actor esp. in his comedy movies like The Tooth Fairy.
Goinn to da movies tonight in my new comfy clothezzz
About to go over my peoples crib until igo to the movies to see New Year's Eve
got some new movies i wanna chill nd watch......i swear i act old
"@allywallypaige: My dad lets me go to new york with my boyfriend but wont let me go to the movies with him lol this guys crazy <3" HAHAHAHA
2011 sparked new intrest in our Marilyn Monroe. 2012 is bringing new shows, restaurants & new movies about MM!! Congrats to you Ms. Monroe.
jbordonada7 Hello 2 ur friends Did U go 2 see any new movies lately?pTsNZ
LOL The Emperor's New Groove is one of the funniest movies ever: "Pull the lever Kronk...WRONG LEVERRRR" ahahaahaha
When ll viasat show a new movie? Dey always repeat movies
Headed to the movies with the fam. Looking Hella cute in my new gear:)
any new good movies to download ?
I need some new movies to watch tonight.
The Emperor's New Groove is seriously one of my favorite movies and idc
I finally got my hubby to take me to the movies! Of course we are seeing the new Mission Impossible movie, but hey a night out with NO kids!
Watching the Emperor New Groove with my brother teaching him what real disney movies are ♥
Got 3 new movies... Yey! :D
Back from movies, loved new years movie! Absolutly amazing and Zac Efron looks so hot!
Just came back from downtown Mexico City. <3 guess who's coming back with at least 100 new movies. I think I only spent. $15. :)
Going to the movies tonight!! Should be pretty exciting! It will be the first time out with my new hair!!
The Emperor's New Groove <-- one of my all time favorite movies :)
Seen the new MissionImpossible today and it was really good! now watching movies with the family. ILFnL6z
The Emperor's New Groove one of my fav movies!
I know Lou Gramm is a regular--he's a great guy to talk to about movies--and one of the Bills QBs comes in sometimes but this is a new one.
The Emperor's New Groove = One of the best movies EVER made. <3
The Emperor's New Groove. one of the greatest Disney movies ever!
movies was great!, new theater is amazing :D
The Emperor's New Groove was one of my all time favourite Disney movies.
Can't believe New Maryland Esso is closing. So many childhood memories involve that place. Ice Cream, renting movies, candy,
Hopefully gonna spend my new years eve cuddling and watching movies with him <3 no partying for me this year(: & I'm okay with it(:
I need some new movies to watch
i wanna go see the movies new years eve
There's like no good movies out right now, except new years eve...
What A Drag: The 5 Best Moments of Girls Dressed Like Dudes in Movies: There’s a lot of controversy surrounding a new show on ABC cal...
jk , our first date is the movies to see the devil inside . our 2nd & third dates are tacobell then new mexico .
I am not a fan of television shows or movies that unfortunately have young children or new born babies die. Definitely not my forte!
Not doin much for new years. Dinner with my babe then pickin up bby girl and goin home to watch movies : ) life as a mommy and wifey <3
Going to try to watch as many movies as I can tonight. After New Years, I won't be able to do anything
The Emperor's New Groove is trending? Definitely one of my favorite movies that I never outgrew.
The Emperor's New Groove is one of my all time favorite movies! Yzma is just, the funniest villain anyone could ever create.
I prefer the older batman movies over the new ones.
My dad lets me go to new york with my boyfriend but wont let me go to the movies with him lol this guys crazy <3
At d movies watching new years eve :)
The Emperor's New Groove is a TT? LOOOL One of the best disney movies EVER!
my new favorite bum on Fairfax yelled at us today, "I'M A FAN OF THE GREMLINS MOVIES AND DONALD TRUMP. CAN I HAVE $20?"
I think the movies over so im gunna hop off and join them Happy New Year everyone!
Thinking about going to the movies for new years eve
Saving all my energy for new years...tonights the last friday n im jus chillin...#Movies tonight
Definitely rockin my new yoga pants to the movies tonight...I've got no one to impress, so why not???
Just leaving the movies. That new Mission Impossible movie was dope.
Getting 2 new movies!
who's spending new years alone watching Harry Potter movies and Alan Carr .. lol me
The movies "New years eve" isn't that great atallDbYbl
The Emperor's New grove one of the most under rated Disney movies. Oh love the show too.
MI4 and New Year's Eve : I love it !! Two Great movies for the end of 2011 !!!
Guess Me &Nd The BF Goinq Too The Movies For New Years
“@AzureMISTY The Emperor's New Groove is trending! One of the funniest Disney movies ever!”
In The Movies Boutta See The NEW Lil Alvin && The Chipmunks Movie . We Real LATE ' This Joint Came Out 12/16 . llss
The Emperor's New Groove is trending! One of the funniest Disney movies ever!
Alvin and the chipmunks used to be cool when I was a kid. These new movies made them stupid and killed them
New Years Eve is the white equivalent of Lottery Ticket. Horrible movies with a bunch of big names who lost bets and their credibility.
Going to the movies on new years
Movies for New Years Eve weekend: Irreversible by Gaspar Noé and Aguirre. The Wrath of God by Werner Herzog
On my new iPhone havin fun with my Cuzzo tyte just came from the movies..
Just been out at the movies watching New Years Eve <3 <3 <3
Asdfghjkl The Emperor's New Groove is legit one of my favorite movies.
Going to the movies to see New Year's Eve tonight! So excited! Have any of you guys seen it? Is it good?
staying up all night in the new year's night like a boss!! lol jk I'm gonna be at home watching sad movies :D
Guy in fabric store always asks me about working and what new movies i'm doing. He obviously thinks i'm Tom Cruise.
The Emperor's New Groove is possibly one of the best movies ever made.
I think tomorrow night is going to be spent watching watching movies and enjoying the coming of a new year, any joiners?
idk what i wanna do new years eve...should i go to the movies with my love or go to the club with him
I have a thing for New York. It's the perception of it in movies. Everyone's busy doing their own thing- perfect place to lose yourself.
The Emperor's New Groove one of the best movies EVER.
Omg who wants to go to the movies?! I wanna see new years eve :(
i had so many disney reward points i just won free admission to beauty & the beast and the new muppet movie... movies anyone?
I dont wanna go out for new years like seriously I really dont I just wanna have a drink at the house & watch movies:)
Emperor s new groove the movie is on  . .This I one of the best Disney movies of the 2000s
Watching New Jack City :D I love drug related movies
Got some new movies let me find some1 to watch em with later
Taking myself to the movies might be my new favorite thing.
any good recs for new(ish) releases to rent? i feel like watching movies and I'm kind of over my Netflix streaming selection.
Set up for New Years Eve dinner: Check! Work on Child care binder: Check! Watch movies the rest of the day: Check!!!! Love Winter Break!!!
No new years plans - night in with movies & a bottle of rum it is.
Gangs of New York is one of my favorite movies most definitely.
Movies Wit My Kid Was Fun That New Chipmunk Movie Was Funny.. She Really Enjoyed It. And So Did I!
New Year's Resolution: Watch more Turner Classic Movies
Movies 4 d new year- men in black 3, ghost rider 2 and beauty and d beast 3d.
Jus got inn from workin out playin ball... bout to take a shower and chill and watch movies for the rest of the day ...NEW MOVIES
New haircut and movies ;)
“@itsmanababy: For new years, I don't even wanna go out now. I just wanna chill at someones house and watch movies.. lol”-- some chill hype
Whole box of pizza to myself for dinner. Got my gma Chinese. Now time to watch new movies off of my computer :) a great relaxing night =)
it's weird because i never really wanna watch new movies. i like old classics.
I watch all the new movies now I don't know what to watch ..can somebody tell me a funny movie to waZX91I
boutta watch some new movies online .
Guess ill go buy some new Movies...from the looks of things im staying in...alone
All the new movies now are stupidd -_-
It seemed like the new Sherlock Holmes movie is something to look forward to to watch...I like movies with a bit of humour
“@themichaelcaine what movies do you have coming out in 2012?? Happy New Year to you!
Bought all the underworld movies so I can catch up before the new one comes out oooh yeah
Did any new movies cum out 2day
People forget that coming to America and new jack city are not 90's movies. Came out in 1989
RT if you want to see new ELLEN POMPEO Interviews, talks shows, magazine covers for 2012.. and lots of them :) & movies soon
Im so glad im done with partying and drinking and all that stuff , im glad im just gonna spend my new years with my family watching movies
Might Be Goinn To Tha Movies Later , && Hopefully If Everything Goes As Planned Then I'll Be Spending New Years Wit My Boo
A party or fade a move to the movies for new years???
I need to go get some new movies
GOSH NEW MOON IS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE MOVIES FOR REAL
Gangs of New York is one of my top five movies of all time, but the first 15 minutes is still almost impossible to bear.
im not doing anything for new years. im guna sit home and watch movies .. fck getting faded .
2012 wishes - watch one hundred movies, new years eve must be one of them.
2012 is going to be Selena's year. New album. New movies. New album. New perfume and a Tour.
I don’t care if I don’t catch up on new song releases or movies, coz reciting and listening to recitation of the Qur’an is my interest..
Every year for the last 10+ I've spent a day between Xmas & New Year's at the movies, but I cannot get motivated to do it this year.
Chilling with the family for the day! Having a family supper & watching movies, new yeard eve is tomorrow (:
Is it sad that I am hoping to just be by myself for new years? I just want some Chinese food and some movies and alone time....
Hello to all our new followers! Take a look at our previous tweets for free movies, more to come!
You know your cool when your new years eve plans are to watch movies alone then go to bed early..
I have no plans for new years gonna cry alone and watch movies \m/
Am convinced that all the tourists are at museums while all the New Yorkers are at the movies. Not a extra seat at Lincoln Square.
Everyone is so hyped and going off about new years..while I'm sitting here watching movies
movie marathon is what my new years eve night is looking like. any suggests of any good movies?
Movies, candlelight and a bottle of champagne with my girlfriend = best new years eve :)
And an amazing new blanket. Perfect to cuddle up and watch movies all day with.
New Orleans is the only place I know where you can can have alcoholic beverages at the movies lol
So this new years is eve i will probably sit on my arse, watch cute movies and eat lots of chocolate to make me feel better. WAH.
Panorama action new movies and shit quality
wow talk about sensitivity now, most words in Taxi Driver are banned now in new movies, even rated-RtcBjWA
Columbiana is one of my new favourite movies now ahhh! Zoe saldana is an amazing
Tomorrow is New Years Eve.. Yay, well, my brother is taking the computer from me so I'm gonna watch some movies.. BYE!
Reserved my movies at the Redbox & my refrigerator packed thats how im bringing my new year in at home with my son!
For new year eve I think I'll watch some movies(super8,crazystupidlove) and some tv shows (walking dead,the office,park&rec) :)
Updated new funny pictures and movies
For new years, I don't even wanna go out now. I just wanna chill at someones house and watch movies.. lol
Big S/O to my movie connect for another year of free movies. Goin on 3yrs straight. Can't wait for da new denzel & mark wahlberg flix in '12
looking forward to a nice quiet, relaxing weekend filled with books, movies, and quality time with my puppy+ husband to ring in the New Year
been watching movies today :) new years eve was a good one, hahaha especially pipers mom ;Dezv
your new years eve: heels, boys,party's,booze, regret my new years eve: pj's, snack, family, movies +love
I wanna go to the movies for new years and see the movie "New Years Eve"!
Twilight, Twilight New Moon, Twilight Eclipse, Twilight Breaking Dawn, is the best movies in the world
Going to the movies and the mall is just usual, do something new.
Man what's new in the movies? Anything scary?
The Emperor's New Groove is on at 3 ! *super excited happy dance* Cough cough, I mean, psh, Disney movies are stupid..
a lot of new good movies coming out this year!!! so excited!
So far my plans for tomorrow and new years is to sit at home watching movies.. By myself. Yay.
Why do you want to spend your friday night at the movies where you have to be quiet instead of doing something crazy. Do something new.
In 2011, I saw more new movies than I ever have in the past. Previous years I'd flirted with roughly two per week but, this year, tha...
What new movies are out?!
New movies :D
love it when i've got a tonne of new movies to watch
Been fighting with a nasty cold bug all week & it's finally won. My New Years Eve will undoubtedly consist of watching lots of movies in bed
- a guy can easily spend $200 on a woman: a new outfit to wear on the date, fill the tank up to get around, dinner, movies, & condoms. Ha
Just wooookeup. I watched 2 goodass movies lastnight,leftover pizza for breakfast,&heard that the night after new years..I'm still partyingx
I wish I had sumthing 2 do 2 nite wanna hit da movies or sumthing...but I hve no way.....damn dis a f up new years weekend...
I had it but got rid of it. They didnt have any good new movies. Mostly old ones.
I wanna watch young adult new years eve and the devil inside those movies look so good
Celebrating the new year by going to bed by 10 and watching movies. True.
3D movies just reach a new dimension in my pocketbook. So what movie should I see?
So this new years is eve i will sit on my arse, watch movies, pig out and lounge around. The worst thing? i'll be doing all this alone.
no party for me *shocked face* thats nothing new but movies is an option *mumbbles nothing else to do smh
I can't remember the last time I bought a movie..all I do is download lately. Maybe if most new movies didn't suck, I'd buy them.
I love this new blue ray box thingy. Movies all the time!!
All my friends are going to parties on new years eve and I am staying at home watching love movies about parties on new years eve
Going to the movies tonight with Sirjana :) seeing new years.
The best part about the new Girl With the Dragon Tattoo movie is the obvious proof that America doesn't read books or subtitled movies.
Cu won't allow me enjoy new movies again
You're staying in? "@Mr_iDidIt: Happy to have some new movies its gon be a good good nite"
First Date . .Haircut: $20 .Clothes:$40 .Gas:$50 .Dinner:$55 .Movies:$25 . . .New Pussy: Priceless
What new movies r out
Happy to have some new movies its gon be a good good nite
“@timescapes: Hollywood is trying to figure out why box office numbers are way down this year? Maybe because 95% of new movies suck?” Haha!
Plan for New Years: Dying the underneath of my hair red. Watching movies all night. Drinking - getting drunk...watch the ball drop. <3
At the movies watching duh new Sherlock Holmes!
@ the movies with my niece....I'll go into the new year broke lol
Goin to the movies in a few!  New Years Eve
New Year Eve party,@christaedgell , scary movies , skype,and junk food. tonight will be great.:D
I wish I had someone to kiss at midnight on new year  like in all the movies..
Why is knocked up on E! every single day. I WANT NEW MOVIES
"@_KamiB: these new lil kid movies don't got sht on back in the day disney movies ."
Swear we have no new movies at all
Ring in the New Year with Hits from 2011 on Time Warner Cable Movies on Demand
these new lil kid movies don't got sht on back in the day disney movies .
Omds. Disney Channel looks to live for words in 2012. The new shows, new movies & Wizard of Waverly Place finale! Oh gosh, can't wait!
At the movies, going to see the new Sherlock Holmes! :)
I don't think i've ever been kissed at midnight on New Year's Eve.....does this only happen in movies?
I need someone to go to blockbuster for me. Need some new movies.
Probably one of my new favorite movies is Hugo. I'm hoping. Tintin is good too.
New Year = NEW technology,NEW cars,NEW movies,NEW people , SAME bullshit . Happy New Year ^__^ lol .
Gonna spend new years in my pj's and some good movies
2 movies one night :P time to sleep will continue my movie Marathon  tomorrow got lot of new movies waiting for me to watch :D
No movies now when I'd new years oh no my time is uppppppp
Had fun last night with friends at the movies! "New years eve" was meh..
Switched over to the new timeline thing on Facebook... Not sure how I like it.. don't like how the got rid of favorite books/movies/extra...
Even If I Dont Go Out Tonight Or New Years Eve, I Would Love To Have Like Pizza And Drink And Watch Some Movies.
I don't *want* to do anything on new years. I'll probably end up staying at home watching movies and listening to gay music.
Me and Rhaniyah and Lalia will b N our pj's bring n the new years....I have to find some movies and go buy some snacks for my girls.
I got rack of brand new movies, mi gonna beef da night sunny.
Old Disney movies > New Disney movies
Hollywood is trying to figure out why box office numbers are way down this year? Maybe because 95% of new movies suck?
Sometimes we need 2 follow da lead of da writers of books or movies nd write "Da End" over parts of our lives, so that we can enjoy the new
I had misspelled 'Sakshtkara' in my prev tweet. Film finished now. KFI should learn frm old kan films/atleast copy them in new movies.
Any new good movies?
i always wanted to kiss a girl into the new years. ppl still do that right? or is that just movies lol?
Netflix needs some new movies!
movies to watch New Years Eve :-)
So I may just stay home with the kid for new years eve......watch movies and play games.
Sleeping in, watching movies, bringing in a New Year...yes this shall be a splendid 4 day weekend! Happy New Year y'all!
New years with Grandma Hannah!!!!!!!1 But New Years Eve to the movies
Got all the twilight movies except the new one....happy...dnt judge me
Alright a Bronx first date lol..... New Roc movies..... (can't go to whitestone) but your fucked if you don't have a car
Dey need 2 cum out wit sum new Zombie movies I mean real 1s favoritehorrorOqFswX
Spy Game is one of my fav movies...Brad Pitt and Robert Redford...old school and new school fine!
i just got some new movies and here they are "that's what I am"
what new movies came out??
YES no new movies came out tn, gonna be an easy ticket ripping shift I'm assuming
"@mirandaagirll: 2012 is gonna be Zac Efron's year. 6 movies coming out." I love this! I'm too excited to see his new movies! <3
las mejores peliculas este año nuevo .the best movies this new year
Gonna chill with this sister today. We movie hopping. Seeing all the movies we need to see before the new year.
i was hoping 2 spend the new year's eve in jakarta, but the only reason 4 it is because the movies on tv are kinda cool. *Yup I am That Geek
Why would i go to the movies on new years eve
My excitement for celebrating New Years just plummeted. I'd rather stay in bed, drink champagne, and watch movies.
If there is a new movie that came out I can get you it for 5$ or I can get you five movies for 20$ lemme know if your interested
Going to the movies tommorw too see the new alvin & the chipmonks !
Watching new movies >>>
Fresh out the shower from hitting my shii! Throwin on some clothes and heading to the movies!
Watching Gladiator bout to get some fresh movies :) In the name of the king 2 being one of them
Mmmmmm great long hot shower, all fresh n clean given my self a pedicure while I enjoy being alone n watching movies n peace..ahhh! :-)
Nice to wake up feeling fresh in the morning after days of watching movies, eating sleeping, cruising around & going on walks.  Grind Time:)
So when the movies stop popping fresh popcorn?
Went to the mall got some fresh Nikes and got One Tree Hill Season 4 on DVD. The only thing that could make it better is going to the movies
Bought so many yummy things at Fresh Market. Now dinner at Steak-n-Shake. Later World Market and the movies.
Woke up at 10 watched 3 movies now gotta get "photoshop fresh" to go watch the fights tonight yup it's been a pretty good day so far:0}
For those who see animated movies, watch Batman Under the red hood,... A 100% fresh certification by rotten tomatoes and a great story =)
Fresh is one of my fave. movies
Fresh out the shower smelling very nice n I'm about to watch movies n drink tea until I'm ready to take a nap
Just got that fresh cut I'm feeling sexy.. I feel like going to the movies with a hot babe
But really $200 aint shit tht dinner movies flowers gas (cause u drivin) a new fit and a fresh cut, u ngas already spendin tht
Fresh out the shower...now watching movies !
I have the urge to watch fresh prince, and some cartoon movies.
The smell of fresh popcorn at the movies omg.
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials?...cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh Rabies.
"Fresh_iStay: Tyler Perry stop makin movies and tv shows! they all suck." Amen!F2xsR
2 movies 1 night n fresh as cabbage d:
New gen will miss good movies. Juice, Fresh, Mo Betta Blues, South Central, Higher Learning, Do the Right Thing, Boyz in the Hood & more!
MI: Ghost Protocol is one of the best action movies of the year. Cruise & co are all great and it feels fresh, but retains the Mi feel. 8/10
On a much lighter note, I successfully downloaded 2 new movies today. Gotta have a fresh start on the other 2 before I launch in a marathon.
Good morning KDBitches! Lots to do! Squeezing in some HBY while movies move to servers then off to sunny brighton for some more fresh air! x
As part of starting the new year fresh, small shout out to all those who borrowed stuff from me (esp. movies)... please return them :) THX!
NW: FRESH one of my fav movies
I loke watching my old movies with a fresh eye, it's crazy how u interpreted things at a younger age compared to adulthood
Nice evening at home... cocoa, fresh baked cinnamon streusel bread, & Hallmark Christmas movies on DVR. I'll take tree down eventually!
Fresh out the shower bout to eat some spaghetti with bread then bac to bed and watch movies!!!
Fresh out the shower, about to just kick it and watch movies
Fresh as hell at the movies with no date.
Op m'n fresh prince of bel air movies.
fresh shower washing clothes and movies bc to bac ina ac... hopefully my night is good ???????? :/
Been watchin movies wit Lil Fresh all day
Hitting the town in a fresh new pair of sperrys haha jk goin to the movies
Steamed shrimp, fresh salad, 3 redbox movies and daquiris for lata.... HOLLLLLLLAA!!!!!
Pizza, fresh fruit, and movies! Perfect end to a wonderful day!! ;)
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... .cuz I usually look I have mint fresh rabies
My 5 fav movies Pulp Fiction, Usual Suspects, Fight Club, Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas, Fresh, Juice in that order.
I been watching movies all day i need some fresh air
Shottas>>Paid in full>>>Fresh>>>>the rest of them gangsta movies
Fresh brewed coffee, chocolate, movies  & my pjs. Life's good <3
been a fun two days! now downloading movies to watch all day today along with some Fresh Prince
I_Live_FRESH if the movies open on chritmas then im sure it'll be open the day b4....yNqW
"Will Smith Blasted by Former 'Fresh Prince' Aunt" ... for not hiring Carlton for any of the "Bad Boys" movies.
Fresh Straight College Guys Get Gay Part6 - Free Porn Videos, Sex Movies - Hardcore, Gay, Group Sex, College Girl, Gangbang
To catch some real good movies sometimes is like fresh air
Fresh out da shower watching japanese movies someone replyy or promote me or something :)
Fresh cut n then movies later
Fresh Chips and Curry Sauce, Movies With The Family.❤
Fresh is one of my favorite movies
Any good directors out there our country needs new and fresh ideas for our movies, these movies are all the same. We lack originality
Hate when tv shows or movies change actors like no big. You changed lesbo carol on friends, Viviane off fresh prince and he baby on hangover
Fresh air in the morn, damage at the malls, Mission Impossible at the movies &it was sunny!  dooooooope day.
Well tweeties gotta cook and finish my movies did I mention the grape koolaid fresh out the freezer and slushy yeeeaaaa boi.....nite
Iam clean and fresh my clothes are clean and fresh. Now its time for movies :-)
Feeling fresh now time to lay down an watch some movies
Fresh off the project step is boosie We went from shooting oozies to shooting movies
scary movies all night -- fresh out the shower .
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or commercials? Because I always look like I have minty fresh rabies.
Off wrk fresh out the shower layn in bed watchn movies while my hubby is laying on me passed out like a baby lol Im getn kinda sleepy myself
gotta love that fresh out of the shower feeling. About to watch movies and order a pizza tonight. YeLUC
fresh weave.. ice cream & movies. <3
<---- fresh out the shower . (: might sneak to the movies
Got my Ben & Jerry's 'Milk & Cookies' and my movies from Target and I'm fresh out the shower... I ♡ my movie nights
Fresh out da shower bout ta watch movies w/ ma babymama Bean
How many movies have to be remade? Where are the fresh new ideas? do we need a new sherlock movie?
"Gotta fix myself a drink and listen to a dozen fresh voicemails in surround sound" - troubled cool guys in movies
Colorized black and white movies make me sad. Would you put fresh paint over a classic painting? Didn't think so!
Awwww RT juicey_cutey: fresh out th shower about to go to the movies with my step mom :) things you Lvmo
In all the old movies and tv shows ..everyone has some some fresh shoes. Mostly Jordans of course
Fresh off work bout ta go home nd eat thn go watch movies wit him!!!
Looks like I got a hot date to the movies tonight with b_lache *goes to get fresh cut*
Going to the movies today for the first time since August. The sunlight hurts my skin and the fresh air burns my lungs.
I love myself. I think Im grand. When I go to the movies I hold my hand. I put my arms around my waist. And when I get fresh, I slap my face
Why Asian niggas be fresh as shit in the suits in cop movies?
Man fresh as shit bout to go to the movies and get all the bithes lls
Time 4some fresh air those movies had me hooked all day!!
Ordered Food, Fresh Out Da Shower, Watching Movies All Day = Me Time:-). .Bbl The Relaxtion Process Begins Lol
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies. :/
Fresh out the  ; all day of movies PS3 cards weed and recooperating
Ok at the barbershop so my byz can get a fresh cut then its off to the movies.....tomorrow I'm not g28Ls2
Ive been watchin movies all day...i want some fresh bake cookies
In Movies Blood Be So Fake . Looks Like Fresh Kookaid Stains .
Lean On Me Is One Of My Fav Movies Just Because Of Fresh RT
Nothing to do still almost fresh room)____chino girly movies)____
"@_lefraicheboi: me an paige seen dhis bitch at da movies with the fresh fat dc's on." LMFAOOOO
me an paige seen dhis bitch at da movies with the fresh fat dc's on.
Movies, dinner, and dancing tomorrow :-D Fresh start...
When movies like 'The Help' are made I'm like "Oh good, I needed a fresh dose of white guilt"
Sister house fresh out the shower weed &movies 8)
If u can sit w/me and either listen to hella music or watch hella movies, ur awesome like some fresh hot fries !
My grandad is 87 and gets fresh almost everyday. Still driving around, going to the matinee movies and the grocery store and all.
Fresh out the shower. About to chill out and watch scary movies
These Bollywood movies are starting to get a lil fresh...
nino brown, Scarface, Bishop and Michael from Fresh>>>>> any other drug dealers in movies
“@Moshocee: Watching fresh hard ass movie” that movies tight
Fresh Shower Watching Movies :)
Fresh off & soon as I walk in the door destiny wanna go to the movies
All I have done today is watch movies and numerous episodes of the simpsons and fresh prince.
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... .cuz I usually lookblike i got some minty fresh rabies....
This is fresh, not even shredding today it's fucking pouring.. Boutta go to the gym, movies, hot tub a lot, should be straight
Laid back, watching " Fresh ". One of my favorite movies.
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies & commercials..? Bc I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies c(; lol.
I like fresh kicks, music, movies, video games, computers, reading, nice clothes, new technology, and liquor. Damn my expensive interests
watching Fresh Prince of Bel Air good ol' 90's days! I miss those :/ They should make a channel for JUST 90's shows, movies, & music
How come during kitchen sex scenes in movies there is always fresh strawberries and whipped cream in the fridge?
fresh out the shower, smelling like baby lotion. got my snacks and my movies now im kicked back .
“@Nigga_yougay: Shootout in the elevator in Smokin' Aces >” I'm watchin that shit too. This movies fresh as fuck.
Fresh out the shower...It was BOMB!! Relaxing watching movies and finishing up Laundry
Fresh out the shower more movies with the twin :)
The perfect night for me right now would be to cuddle up fresh out the shower, watch some good ass movies, have great sex &knock out.
Fresh out the shower finna relax and watch movies
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like they do in movies or commercials? Cause I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
Maybe I will go to the movies, I need fresh air!!!
I've done a good job of not seeing any Oscar worthy movies yet this year, so the next couple of months are a fresh slate.
Fresh out of red box movies I NEED SPORT CENTER
Psychologists will be in business 4 ever, rapists, & movies about rape just keep d business fresh. Kinda like marriages and divorce lawyers.
Watchin movies with my babygirl...jus. thinkin bout life..can't wait for 2012!!! Fresh start for us,making lots of changes..
Had the most relaxing boxing day filled with movies and lots of sleep! Now it's time to hit the town for some fresh air been inside all day
does everyone else brush their teeth without making a mess like in the movies? cuz i usually look like i have minty fresh rabies..
Inhaling smokes from the neighborhood. I wish I'm living in a lot more healthier environment. Like those in the movies. Only fresh air
Fav. Movies.. Fresh, Paid In Full, Scarface and Mobsters !!
fresh out the shower about to watch Remember the Daze definitely one of my favorite movies! =)
Fresh airrrrrr... Been laying in bed all day eating popcorn and watching movies with the bestie.
The Artist: One of my fave movies for 2011. An old-fashioned tale told with heart and charm -- so old it feels fresh. And check the dancing!
I think I will go out for a walk to get some fresh air before I get back on the food ,drink and movies lol
Chill. Lounge. Cold weather bike ride. Movies. Hot tea. Fresh juice. Nobody can stop me.
Fresh off work, on my way home to relax in some pajamas, eat a kissy meal and watch movies :))
Fresh out the shower, now Christmas movies till I knock out :-)kvD6h
Fresh out the gym .Now time for work $$$$$ then movies :)
Fresh af bouta hit Movies Atl...
Just got done w/ my work out, fresh out the shower, about to watch movies, .. Wanting somebody to cook for me, I'm hungry
“@FallDoll: They need to make more black movies like roll bounce, love & basketball, and Friday.”<== fresh, shottas, juice, poetic justice
Fresh out the shower....bout to watch a couple movies till i doze off
Spending the day w. mommy fresh. Bfast, walking thru the mountains, mall then movies. Gotta make this day last til I see her again in 2012.
Nigerian movies are so fresh that is why they are funny
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
Had a good night watching movies w/ H despite his injury and kids being gone. Starting fresh today!
New talents made fresh movies while old talents sticked with inspired/copy movies.
Scream 4 - A great breath of fresh air into the franchise after the disaster that was Scream 3. One of the good movies of 2011. 84% Awesome!
Seronoknya saya dah dapat all episodes Fresh Prince of Bel Air and all Harry Potter movies. Nak beli MacD everyday!!!!
- fresh out of the movies w/ my loved ones but now chillin on the couch waiting on my yodas to lemme know they made it home safely
Snuggled up, watching movies, on christmas night, together<3 with fresh clean blankets= best thing ever!<3
Fresh out dha tub.....watchin movies......mmmmm mmmmm mmmm smdh(ihndabackofmymind)
Finsta take a hot ass shower get all fresh n clean n cuddle wit daddy n watch movies!!!!! Awwwww I love my baby
Certified Fresh horror movies FUCK YEAH!
Fresh out the shower , time to chill and watch some movies 
Fresh In From The Movies. Had Fun Wit My Best & Some Others. Shit Got Shut Down But It Was Cool.
I wonder how they brush their teeth without making a mess like in movies or commercials, cause I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies
Home, showered, and powdered fresh.  Either straight to bed or these movies will put me to sleep..
finally, going out to the movies today. gosh I need fresh air :)
fresh as fuck rhyt na, pocket fat n nobdy 2do nun changed my mind bout da club n wanted 2hit da movies bt she didnt even wanna do dat
Watching fresh movies crazy, typical new york
It's a great movie weekend in the US, from top 10 box office, the only rotten movies are Alvin & New Year's Eve, the other 8 are fresh.
Watching abduction. My laptop makes movies look so fresh and not bootlegged. Love it
Nice nap that was.. Feel fresh. Time for sum movies!!
home alone all day, music, movies, choco cake, chinese, fresh prince and a whole loada messages from sweet sweet people = loveee
Going out to eat then movies with the fam . With my fresh fit :)
Cool Pictures Movie Downloads: Some movies fresh downloads photo:
In the only dance mood right now lol... Chilling with the fam in some fresh jammies, watching movies.
That struggle meal twitpic thing is...crazy. I thought it only happened in movies. Hopefully Santa don't bring nobody a fresh food poisoning
Fresh out of church ! Just ate and now watchn the game ! Till we go to the movies
To the movies or to the deadbeats club .'tOOh'fRESH !
Fresh outta the shower, now getting ready and going to grandmas, than movies .
had a wee nap, now im feeling fresh for some movies i think
@ the movies with my family , but i wish i was home watching niggas in fresh kicks hoop .
Got every season of Fresh Prince, Love&other Drugs, All 8 Harry Potter movies, Easy A and Jennifers Body. I know what I'm doing all vacation
Lmao i guess he is && nothin tryna see if ima go to this party or the movies .'tOOh'fRESH !
He's labelled all the Asian movies and such "FRESH." and he's labelled all the English movies "NOT FRESH."
P90X2, TRX, 90 Min Massage, GNC Gift Card, Car Detailing, Fresh Clothes, 2 Nike Gym Bags, Supplements, 2 Movies, and only half way done :)
Wolf Gang book. 2 jordan shirts. shit ton of amall stuff. 2 seasons of fresh prince. all the Friday movies. fuck yeah!!!
Lets see...I got a new laptop, fresh jacket, a nice bracelet, a big collection of martial arts movies, and a bunch of money.
- fresh out the shower; sitting here watching movies.
fresh out the shower , waiting for kiki to get out so we can finsh watching Christmas movies ..
Watched one of my favorite movies today (Fresh) that bitch still go hard
I LOVE waking up to days like this! Rain outside, fresh pot of coffee, warm blanket on the couch and movies. Reminds me of home.
Fresh baked cookies, presents under the tree, and middling sequels to classic Christmas movies. Perfect. Merry Christmas!
Omg FRESH was one if my favorite movies when I was a kid ! Excited llliiikkkkeeee
Of course I can't locate any of the movies I listed smh. So I'm Bouta watch FRESH..shoulda been on the list anyway.
“@cthagod: Some of my favorite movies have been on tonight Christmas Story, Blindside, now Fresh is on Showtime. I'm in Heaven” I ❤ Fresh!
Fresh out the showa watching these christmas movies
Some of my favorite movies have been on tonight Christmas Story, Blindside, now Fresh is on Showtime. I'm in Heaven
Fresh is one of the realest movies ever
"Fresh" is still one of my favorite movies
Not after watching every episode of Fresh Prince and a lot of his comedic roles in movies
Quality time with the ladies of the family watching a bunch of Christmas movies and making fresh chocolate chip cookies
Watching Christmas movies with the family. Fresh tamales too!
Fresh cookies are baked, house is spotless, body is clean & hair is done. Time to sit back, have a drink, & watch xmas movies w/the babe :)
Do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... .because I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
Fresh out the shower wit my new pjs on and my new bath and body works bouta eat and watch movies wit my love =)
Dicks gift cards, movies, movies giftcard, cologne, and 20 bones! Thanks fam, dang I look fresh
Tokyo8AM:Merry Christmas! Love, peace, happiness, friends, relatives, music, movies, art, food & wine, fresh air & clean water. DJ John
Now I shall have an exciting day of crafting smudge wands with the fresh cedar, hemlock and juniper I harvested while watching movies.
Today? An exciting day of watching movies while wrapping smudge wands with the fresh cedar, hemlock and juniper I harvested.
Scary movies.......Fresh
Fresh out the shower, finished cleaning. Now it's time to chill, and watch movies.
tidy room, get shower, put fresh onsie on, watch movies. ITS CHRISTMAS TOMORROW FUCKERS.
Only things I asked for, on Christmas were the movies: fresh, always out numbered always out gunned, and juice...
Just out a big bubble bath, was soooo good! Feel lovely and fresh now so going to get cosy and watch movies☺
the mall was packed lik whn new movies S/N i cnt go to the mall loikin fresh too many ppl breakin they necks smh
Been working from morning. Feeling fresh after that shower. Gonna relax & watch couple movies now :]
Take Care Album , HeadPhones ,Christmas Movies , Fresh Cut & Ice Cream ... Merry Christmas Eve !! B)
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... .cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
We are closed today, but there will be fresh popcorn and movies starting at 3:30 on Christmas Day.  Merry Christmas.
“@InkpressAnthem: the gang looked fresh out the movies.....
Fresh out the shower now back to watching movies on the iPad.
I think im just gonna cop me some fresh pajamas and movies and chill inside all day tomorrow.
Sherlock Holmes: Game of Shadow is 98% fresh. It should b in a must-watch movie list of 2011,as d closing of this yr most anticipated movies
when will fresh movies be aired on local stations? Some being aired are as old as me
A guy I can play fight with and quote Fresh Prince episodes  and Will Smith movies with >>>
It's still early. What are u doing? I just got back from the movies. Dropped off Mini Me. This migraine sucks. Time for some fresh air.
Bouta go get fresh , then going to the movies w/ these fools ^__^
Full, fresh out the shower, lotioned body smelling yummy. Gonna watch movies and relax (:
Tyler Perry recycles the same actors in all of his movies & tv shows!!!! I wish he'd use fresh faces!!
cant wait until tonight (christmas eve): chinese, bath, movies, fresh pajamas, chocolate by the fire, bed. what a night i have planned :D
‎"Ahh man movies have changed, they don't make em like they used to take me back to the days of Fresh, Juice, And Jungle Fever"
So I don't open weird sites while waiting to feel sleepy, I resort to watching boring movies and drinking glasses of Milo/fresh milk. Ha!
shoppin,fresh cut,time with my pops,and maybe movies later ;D hmm good day so far
Fresh out da tub nw watchn sum christmas movies... Den to get my hair dne
Does anyone brush their teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials...cause I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or commercials... cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies
fresh out th shower about to go to the movies with my step mom :) things you do when you don't have a man
Aye bro u tryna go to the movies on x-mas && party for yo bday ? We could juss share mine lol .'tOOh'fRESH !
Fresh Cut then Movies with the Grandma. :)
Ok at the barbershop so my byz can get a fresh cut then its off to the movies.....tomorrow I'm not getting out the bed til 5
Y'all think movies like juice, fresh, above the rim, set it off, fucking paid in full was just dreamt up like a Disney movie?? Smh lol c'mon
We were on our way to the movies & we stopped at Aunt Gwen's & I had to pee..BTW all of us was FRESH all dressed alike...
, Fresh out da showa timee tu watch movies ^____^
Total of 4 movies and 3 episodes of Fresh Prince of Bel-air watched today! :D
I knew I wuz born fresh wen @ age 5, I could alredi watch , and understand wat dem white folks whre yacking about in d movies...
What is the proper order to watch a six movie Star Wars marathon?
Asked my grandma what movie she'd like to watch. She said Rambo
Watching Ombak rindu again while planning to watch what movie next.
i wanna fall asleep to a movie or something today... any suggestions to what i should watch? :) xx
I want to watch a movie. Hm. What movie shall I watch
Me and my mom trying to figure out what movie were gonna watch (:
What's a good movie to watch ...
Eva's trying to get me to watch the Justin Bieber movie... What a funny kid. Someone wanna text me for the next couple hours?
i want to watch a movie of some kind. idk what to watch
What's a good movie to watch while stoned?
‎Rise of the Planet of the Apes. If you are still to watch this movie then I dont know what you are doing with your lives. it is a MUST see.
Time to watch a new movie! Something funny, what's on?
What is a good movie to watch? Something kinda girly tho.
what movie to watch while waiting to get sleepy?
What movie to watch.....
Work's a drag, can't wait to go home.. What movie should I watch tonight?
The hills have thighs, shaving ryans privates lol RT bucksatan What's a good movie to watch on netflHpVl0
What's a goood movie to watch ??? It could be hindi
hmm what movie should i watch tonight ? Rush Hour ? or Don't Be A Menace To South Central ...... ?
I wonder what movie im goin to watch tonight...
Hmmm what movie to watch
movie on netflix , but idk what to watch !
Mum: "What movie are you watching?" Me: "Lord of the Rings." Mum: "Eh, why?" Mel: "She wants to watch Grimli so much." Me: "Grimli? GIMLI!"
thinking about what movie Im going to watch...
Hmmm I don't know what film to watch, hangover 2, grease or inbetweeners movie, decisions decisions?
Movie date night! What to go watch?! Hows the new Sherlock Holmes movie?!
Trying to decide what movie I want to watch tonight...
staying home the night before NYE to chill and watch "The Holiday."  Is this movie just the BEST or what?  watch and give me a review.
Sooooo I think I wanna go to draft house for some beers ... But damn what movie do I watch?
Now Im debating what film to have and what film to watch. Going for afternoon drinks tomorrow,then home in the evening for a movie marathon!
To my female followers: what's a really good movie to watch? No action lol
Hmm, what's a good movie to watch...
I'm in the mood to watch a movie but idkk what
Now what movie to watch... hmmmmmm.....
i wanna order a movie from on demand but idk what to watch!
Trying to figure out what movie I'm fina watch online
Can't decide what movie to watch next. vacation Netflix iPad notmylogin
I wanna watch a movie.. i just dont know what to watch ?
About to watch a movie, just got to think of what I want to watch...
I need a movie to watch. The help isn't working... What should I watch?
what movie to watch now?
What movie can I watch tonight? Wish I had someone to watch movies with I miss it:( I'm such a loner going to be an old women with 234 cats
I dont know what movie to watch
Anyone know of a good movie to rent?? I wanna watch something kinda funny but idk what's good....
What took me so long to watch Jackass 3D?!...this is the funniest movie ever lmao
I don't know what movie to watch .
What to watch!:L final destination 5 or  the inbetweeners movie???
What's a good scary movie to watch?
What good movie are they playing in theaters? I'm in the mood to go watch a movie.
Bored don't know what to do been doing a lot of thinking but never go thru with it about to take a shower than watch a movie by myself :-(
Why the hell can't I find a funny movie to watch. What kind of fuckery is thissss?
What good movie is there to watch?
What a good movie to watch??
What movie do I want to watch next
I can't decide what movie to watch, AGGGHHHHH!!!!
Right, I want to watch a movie but can't decide what. The one I've see twice in two days or something else?
Not really sure what to do now actually. Write, watch True Blood or watch a movie. Hmm.
Done working.... time to relax.... what movie to watch....!
I think I can fit one more movie to watch this year, what should it be? Thinking The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo or Tinker, Tailor. Hmmm
I wanna watch a movie but idk what movie to watch.
What's a kool movie to watch?
Movie time now what to watch?
A Simple Wish is on HBO... I don't know what this movie is, but I feel I have to watch it. Because man, it's odd so far... and not good...
I dunno what movie to watch...
Movie night tonight!!!!! What to watch what to watch??
Idk what movie I'm gonna watch. . For some reason I was never to hype about ciroc like that. But Pinnacle shit I fucks with
i wonder what it would be like to watch a scary movie with you.
In the taxi on my way home :) so gunna go in and go bed and watch a film dunno what to watch inbetweeners or JLS the movie?
Can anyone guess what movie I'm about to go watch for the 7th time?
what's a good movie to watch ?
What's a good movie to watch?
idk what movie to watch.
What to do? What to do? For New Years Eve..... Hmmmm btw I wanna watch that movie lol
Going to watch the inbetweeners movie with my cousin and auntie, I'm dreading the question off my auntie 'Cade' love...what's clunge?'
I want to watch a movie but I idk what because I've seen so many!!!
want to watch a movie but dont know what ..
Cannot for the life of me think of what movie to watch...
Crazy stupid love afgelopen, what movie to watch next?
OMG my lil cousin wants to watch the Justin Bieber movie w me...this is it, this is what's gonna kill me! Lol
Dark Knight was on TV last night and had to watch it again for the 6th time. What a brilliant movie. I don't know if they can top that.
Movie night.. mm so what to watch?
Tomorrow I'm gonna go to the mall ! Gonna watch a movie ! Don't know what I'm gonna watch gonna see what they have!
My mum is too busy to watch a movie with me what she promised me yesterday >_<
my mums telling me what happens in the movie i'm leaving i don't want to watch it!
Scarface. “@MzLiviLex: Home sweet home!! Now what movie to watch?”
i wanna watch a good movie BUT ionno what to watch /:
Not sure what movie to turn on. Not that I'll actually watch it because I'll probably fall asleep.
movie time... but what to watch?!?!
What movie to watch now ..
What movie to watch....
i just finished watch the inbetweeners movie again. if that doesn't make you want to go on holiday, i don't know what will.
What to do now? Choices: Bike, Run, Nap, Study for Licensing Exam or Watch a Movie?
Home sweet home!! Now what movie to watch?
I need to get my mind off this shit... What movie should I watch?
my mam told me to watch a movie but i cant remember what it is hmmm
What movie do you want to watch avery? "The one with the blue guys and the yellow guys who go faster and faster" translated...he means Tron
Movie then bed but what movie to watch tht is the question
What's everyone doing?? I want to watch a movie but I have no ideas...
I can't watch the news without tearing up. It's all "what has been the best new/song/movie of 2011?" And "bye bye to 2011!"
What movie to watch tonight.. Hmmm.
plan for midnight movie tomorow...but still dont know what movie to watch...idea pls!!!
What's a good movie to watch
"@_1ovakind: This movie got my eyes glued to the tv"well what is it I wanna watch it too...
idk what to watch i wanna watch a good movie ...
persuading my mum to watch inbetweeners movie tonight but shes having none of it! doesn't know what she's missing
Movie time! Ummm what to watch
What better movie to watch on New Years eve than 2012?!XD Way to start off the year,,
Wanna Watch a movie idk what to watch though??
One day I hope to watch a movie in which actors speak in British accents and understand what the hell the plot was.
when I pick a movie to watch but I forget what it's called
“@iDreamPersian: What's a good movie to watch ??”>>> D
What's a good movie to watch ? !!!
What's a good movie to watch ??
I thought I'd watch a nice movie. It was all about sex..and the cover said that the couple has to make a big decision? Guess what?
Movie night..... What to watch?!
I wonder what it feels like to watch a whole movie without napping in the middle
He told me to watch the movie What about Bob
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix?
What's a good movie to watch? Need something to do...
If you had to pick 1 movie from 2011 that's a must watch.. what would it be?
I have so many great classic movie suggestions...I don't know what to watch...
wanted to watch a movie but dont know what..
And just to get over of that one movie i watch another one. I mean.... What a moron! Smh.
I could watch you for a lifetime .You’re my favourite movie .A thousand endings .You mean everything to me .I never know what’s coming....
What to do?! Watch movie? Stroll at the city? Talk to someone or sleep? smh
Gonna watch a movie with the family.. Umm.. What to watch... ?!?!
On my way to down town Chicago :) what movie should I watch?
I can't see myself ever responding "Twilight", when asked What movie you want to watch ever again. I'm starting to think I know these niggas
What movie from summer 2011 should I download to watch tonight?
what movie to watch with ze family tomorrow?
Trying to figure out what movie smochie & i are going to watch.
What's a good movie to watch? :p
I put my parents to watch Warrior but they didn't like it:( Well u know what suckaass? It's been nominated for BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR!
Really hope mum follows thru with what she said tonight to buy me coffee bean tmr and watch movie with me :D ahh new year's eve ^^
bout to watch the movie Clueless cause that's what real niggas do
I'm bout to watch a movie n tryna figure out what I'm doing for new years :-)
What to watch? Hangover 2? Or inbetweeners movie?
& what sucks about me being emotional is that every movie I watch, I always seem to find a part where I either tear up or cry. -_-
Got my girl a 3D LED TV for Xmas. What's the 1st 3D movie to watch?
One next movie day. What to watch today?
I have to watch this movie no matter what. It's been ages!
i ask her what movie she wants to watch she says michael myers or freddy kruger O_o
Just finished making breakfast bacon and homemade French toast. Now its time to have breakfast in bed with a movie,question is what to watch
Matt is off to Saco with some friends to watch a movie. Hm... What will Josh and I do for fun? Cleaning and organizing? Yes please!
My biggest problem tonight is that I can't decide what movie I want to watch. lazynightperks5b858
I wanna watch a movie, but I dont know what movie to watch
What was I thinking trying to watch this movie with Haven running around?
RENT, what a movie to watch to end 2011  ...  'no day but today'
What film to watch now. A Kristen or a Rob movie?
What movie to watch lateeeerrr ~
IM BACK GUYS! Alright so now im going to watch a movie, guess what movie it is?  .~Thomas!
Today is a movie day... What to watch first?
What movie to watch this day pride and prejudice or My fair lady
Good Morning!! This morning God woke me up and told me to watch a black movie today, like The Color Purple, so thats what im doing today lol
what to watch next? I'm considering battle royale, but I don't think I wanna watch a violent gory movie after such a sad tearjerking one...
- idk what to do with this beautiful life of mine right now...at work, debating on whether to watch a movie, paint my nails or sleep...#SOS
Need a movie to watch what's a good one...somethin with Danny McBride Seth Rogan or Jonah Hill
Going to watch Beerfest just now. Saw that movie last with an ex. I wonder what ever happened to Hairy Mable?
My dad wanted to watch this shitty movie with me but what does he do? Falls asleep and wakes up for 7DKzp
What movie next to watch?? Hmm. I want comedies.
time to watch another movie! what a good way to end the sad year.
I want to watch a cool space movie. What is a good one???
I am the only person at in a movie theatre..hmm Do I text the whole time? What to do..I'll watch the movie in solitude.
what movie to watch in the cinema guys
"@Prego41512: “@swishersweet52: About to watch the Hangover 2.  What'd u think?" It was funny! Very similar to the first but a good movie.
Massive movie night ahead. What to watch though...
Gotta figure out what movie Im about to watch on my way to Pittsburgh in a few hours! Either HP & the deathly hallows pt 2 or Xmen 1st class
I want to watch movie, but don't know what to watch !??
What movie to watch next?
What's a good movie for me to watch on Netflix?
Hmmm i cant decide what movie to watch.. what an exciting life i live!
What movie to download? I need to put into my ipad and watch it tmrw~
The ackward moment wen u can't find a movie to watch on the cable because every channel u scroll to u already watch what is showing.
Mommy fractured her ankle.. This is what it takes to get her to watch a movie w me!!
What movie to watch tonight? :-(
It's one of those rare nights when you can't decide what movie of 3 brilliant movies to watch..
Movie time...just don't know what movie to watch, I'm thinking pretty woman
I need a movie to watch. What's a good movie?
Watched "Christmas Evil" to celebrate the holidays...what movie did you watch?
what movie is good to watch? :)
Its a cinema called Price Charles, not going to Prince Charles' house, where he has a cinema, to watch a movie. What a day that would be!
Movie time...hmmm what to watch....
Don't know what to do for news years tomorrow..1. Attend a party 2. Go to the city for fire works 3. Stay at home & watch some lame movie :/
Insidious was a good movie, what to watch next?? Lol
Is now at home! What's everyone up to today? Think I'll put my feet up and watch a movie! :-)
I'm watching white chicks but no one here on twitter wants to know what I'm doing anyway so I'm gonna come back and watch the movie
I dont know what to watch Elisa or Sunny ba? Hmf korean movie yung Sunny.
i dunno what to do tryna watch a movie is quite perfect to spend this freezin night
Don't Say You Love . Someone And Then Change Your Mind ... . .Love Isn't Like Picking . What Movie You Want To Watch
I wanna watch a movie but idk what to watch
Now What movie to watch...
Hmmm. What's a good movie to watch? :)
What a loooong day--and it ain't over yet! I danced in Ayala, bowled in MOA and now I'm off to watch a movie! 2011 byebye!
Movie tomorrow! What to watch? Hmmm
Hmm, now that I feel a bit better... What am I going to do? Clean my room, watch a movie, play some games..
What movie to watch? SIAN.
What is a good movie of show to watch at home on NYE?
Wanted to just watch a horror movie and end 2011 bravely but what if i paranoid beside me got ghost!!!
what movie to watch tonight? hmmm..
what movie to watch after the darts tonight? wanna watch something ive not seen before. im thinking maybe zombieland or adventureland
But Yea this movie over what else to watch hmmmm....
what k-movie to watch tonight. hmm, i'll try 100 days with mr arrogant. looks funny.
Can peeps recommend a good movie to watch? Aside from Fancy Pran Pran, what else is good?
What a good day to watch a movie..
Still cleaning... that's what I get for stopping to watch a movie lolHPAzN
Hey bro! What movie 2012 are you anticipating to watch?
okaayy . who's got any idea what to movie should i watch ? errrrrrrrrrrr
What's a good movie to watch eh?
Every time I watch Madea Goes to Jail & the calendar starts flippin, I never watch what's goin on in the movie..I look for my birthday, lol.
“@ChigolKwangie_: Going to be 12 years old already, still watch what Barbie doll movie.” IM THE BARBIE GIRL IN THE BARBIE WORLD!
Going to be 12 years old already, still watch what Barbie doll movie.
What movie to watch?
What's a good movie to watch? Either old or new...hmmmm❔❔❔
FINALLY FINISHED THE MOVIE IDK WHAT TO WATCH NEXT
What's a nice movie to watch? :D
what good movie to watch tonight
New years coming up... I feel shitty. Awesome. Wanna go to the gym so bad, but I know what will happen. Bleh. Let's all just watch a movie.
What's a scary movie to watch on Netflix?
just watched we bought a zoo. pretty good movie. even tho I wanted to watch mission impossible. we always gotta watch what my lil sis wants.
I'm just gonna watch a movie, yeah, that's what I'm gonna do on the second to the last day of 2011. ☺
guys, what's a good movie to watch?
What movie to watch today? Hmmm...
Just watched WARRIOR... What an outstanding movie. I want to watch it again RIGHT NOW!!! ENCORE ENCORE ENCORE!!!!
What's a good movie I can watch to put me to sleep
I want a movie to watch but I don't know what.
Movie. I want to watch a movie tonight. But what movie? Twitter, is there anything I absolutely *have* to go up to the DVD rental place for?
What's a good movie to watch? I'm not sleepy at all.
what movie to watch tonight?? D:
I have a meeting with my group member and I'm here trying to decide on what Nigerian movie to watch. Any ideas?
Deciding what movie to watch
What's a really good movie to watch? Someone help me decide !!!
Mani☑ pedi☑ done.. ATC later with family to watch a movie. What do you suggest guys?
What is there to do, besides watch a movie?
Now That Thats Out The Wayy LOL ... Time To Watch A Lil Flick Hmmm What Movie Though??
again lol RT “@Richi3Wayne: What's a good movie to watch when your high? Lol”
What is a good movie to watch?
What's a good movie to watch when your high? Lol
what's a good movie to watch?
What's a good movie to watch? I wanna hv a movie marathon w the family tonight.
thinkin about watch'n a movie, but idk what to watch...VnL8Tf
Black Swan, definitely a good movie.....what's next on my list to watch now?
I'm GOING to watch a movie. Idc what anyone says.
What movie should I watch to knock outttt
Idk what movie to watch
idk what movie to watch....
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix??
I started watching Gossip Girl. I don't know what's gotten into me. It's okay tho 'cause I'm going to watch bmth - lads on tour: the movie.
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix ?
what's a good movie to watch right now? lol
"Who’s that?” “What are they doing?” “What’s happening?”; “Shut up and watch the movie”.. . Happens to me all the time :'D
Bout to see what this "The Other Guys " Movie bout . Really don't wanna watch it yet
anyways i said what i had to sayy .. me anf jade finna watch a movie .
Off to the bed! what movie should i watch?
So She Said She Wanted To Watch A Movie Wit Me Buhh Ain't Tell Me What Movie And Now She Ain't Messagin Me Back *sighs Well iGuess
What movie to watch now
I hate the movie channels after 12am...nothing but pornos. What TF am I suppose to do when I'm wide awake. I don't want to watch this shit.
Damn... Now I wanna watch GHOST ! I need to buy that movie. Im very selective about what I buy cuz my brother owns over 750 blue rays. !
About to watch this Despicable Me movie on netflix till I fall asleep. Simply cuz that's what real G's do
WHAT IS A GOOD MOVIE TO WATCH
New Jack City always does the Trick! Haha check ur dm RT"@twoZMali: What's a good movie to watch???"
Warrior-- Wow! I had heard it was good, but totally not what I expected.  Not just a movie about mma.  Glad I decided to watch it.
Gonna watch a romantic movie!! I used to be jealous of them:/ but now i know what its like:)
bout to watch a movie called tangle... what ever this is.
up late, can't sleep. worked on music all day. what's a good movie or show to watch?
Deciding what movie to watch before going to bed is one of the toughest decisions I have to go through every night.
what movie to watch? im kinda bored :(
What all you guys need to do is go watch the movie Warrior!
Bout to watch black night lol what a classic Martin Lawrence movie
Okay star movies... Who's going to watch movie on 31st night ?! What's the point premiering movies !!!
Got feel to watch a movie today, shall go check here got what shows showing now hehe.
What's a good movie to watch???
what movie to watch....
Idk what movie to watch now
Extremely happy w/my decision to watch a great movie in Moneyball tonight rather than what sounds like the worst kind of football imaginable
think Ima just watch a movie to take this boredom away I hope....what movie tho!??
HEY... what's a scarey movie to watch, guys ?!!?
My cousin told me to watch this movie and she's like oh yeah Matthew McConaughey is in it and I was like OKAY WHAT MOVIE
"@_StayCoolin_Zac: “@FLOYD_INKED_UP I wanna watch a movie but I have no clue to what I wanna watch!” The Notebook" O_o really dude
What movie to watch now...........
“@FLOYD_INKED_UP I wanna watch a movie but I have no clue to what I wanna watch!” The Notebook
I wanna watch a movie but I have no clue to what I wanna watch!
“@steffymontana Lol my mom mad because no one is trying to watch this boring ass movie with her” what movie
Ayeee about to watch my fuckin movie colombian.... You know what it is. Lol
Movie marathon tonight. Didn't even intend for it. Not sure what to watch after this though.
Sometimes the biggest dilemma's in life are figuring out what movie to watch while going to bed
What is a good movie to watch? comedy
time for a movie on netflix :D what to watch first?
What movie am i going to watch next ?? Umphhh
Time to watch a movie with Page. I could find something but I'm curious as to what The Twitters recommends as good nerd flicks. Suggestions?
what is a good movie to watch!! preferably scary .
Can't believe I stayed up till now to watch a movie that I still dont get what happens in the end
What's a good movie or show to watch on Netflix ?
What's a good movie to watch ?
Watching For Colored Girls with CB. This movie is hard to watch once you've seen it because you know what's gonna happen.
bout to throw on a movie... hmm what to watch tho
But look yall boys.  I still dk what movie to watch .
Hmm what movie to watch?
katestriebich lol omg what movie it sounds like I need to watch it!!Gisr0
I don't know what movie to watch on Netflix so imma just watch some Southpark.
I am suppose to have a movie date with myself but I don't know what movie I want to watch.
Don't know what movie to watch on netflix
Tryna Decide on What Movie to Watch ......hm
What's a good movie with good plot twisters to watch
Bout to jump in the shower, lay it down n pop in a movie for the night. What shall I watch tonight, wish I had a lady to join me :)
What movie shall I watch to kill time ? :)
What to do when you work at 8am and can't sleep? Watch a movie!
What's a good movie to watch among the mmff entries? :)
What's a good holy movie to watch lol
Anybody used to watch the toy story movie then wonder what your toys did when you were not around in your room? I cant be the only one.
What's A Good Movie To Watch ? Hmm
All I wanted was to watch a lighthearted movie. Instead, I'm looking at what earthquakes do to people.
I want to watch a bomb ass movie after this lakers game , but what ?
what movie to watch tonight....
what to movie to watch next?
What's a good romance movie to watch? Do not say 'the Notebook' 'the Last Song' 'Dear John' or 'Remember Me' who wasn't seen those lol
What movie to watch?? Hmm
what the fuck is on my tv right now. I look away for 20 minutes to watch a movie and I look back and it's basically a phone sex commercial..
I want to watch a movie online but don't know what ! Someone give me some ideas .
um what movie are we about to watch now ???
I want to watch that movie with Whitney Houston and that one security guard man. What's it called?
I want to watch that movie where the guys in Boston is robbin banks n shit but I forgot what ta called damit
Sigh what movie to watch tonight as I go to sleep?
I Wanna Watch A Movie But Udk What To Watch, Any Suggestions (:
what's a good movie to watch fb???
What movie am I bout to watch now, prolly king fu panda or the incredibles cause the last time I seen them ess with tre forever ago
What's a good movie to watch?! Super bored right now -,-
" what movie are we gonna watch to tonight?" "we have to watch sesame street now that ______ia coming!"
WHAT'S A SCARY MOVIE TO WATCH ??
i'm about to watch a movie . . just have no idea what it is yet .
I have stopped using a random number generator to decide what movie to watch. From now on, I watch whatever I'm in the mood for.
Going to watch an 09 movie called Mr. Nobody.  It's safe to say I have run out of ideas on what to do today.
WHAT! Van Helsing is on tomorrow night and I won't be home to watch it D: This happened last year too with another movie! ARRRR
- Laying down ; iwanna watch a movie but idnt know what to watch :/ .. Suggestions pls *
Debating what to do tonight. Go out with my parents for dinner and a movie or stay home and watch movies and anime.
I told my mom I was mad at her because she kept talking when I was trying to watch a movie. What'd she do? Take my phone and iPad.
I'm bored I'm bout throw a movie in hmmmm what to watch??
My mom is THE hardest person to watch a movie w/ . Every five minutes she says " what's going on ?" just watch the movie , lolol.
Trying to decided what cheesy movie to watch on Netflix tonight.
what's a good movie to watch
What movie am I going to watch tonight?
movie time... what to watch!
Okay, it's the first night I'm actually staying home but what to do, try hard on mw3, play gow3 story, maybe just watch a movie? Idk >,<
I wanna watch a movie but I don't know what to watch, hmm..
Now I just need to figure out what movie to watch while I sip wine and do productive, grown up things. Suggestions?
What's a good movie to watch on netflix?
if no one tells me what movie to watch i'm just going to ask a random person.. 5 seconds, you guyss.
Hmm what movie to watch?!
“@TheDouble_R_Exp: Good movie RT "@HIS_JUICY: Bout to watch Colombiana for the first time"”that's what I been hearing
I DNT KNOW WHAT MOVIE TO WATCH
sooooo what movie to watch??
What movie to watch tonight?
but idk what movie to watch
What's a really good movie to watch right now ?
I can never watch a movie with my mom she always telling what's going to happen
What is a good movie to watch?..preferably a comedy
hm what movie to watch..
rey watch this movie Betrayed at 17 , to see what's this about..
When I invite you to come over and watch a movie what I really mean is come over and give me head
trying yo watch a movie but my parents are too drunk to realize what there doing
I feel like watching a movie but idk what to watch.
Hmmm what movie to watch,,
What movie to watch tonight...hmmmmm.
pondering what movie to watch..
What's is a good movie to watch on Netflix??
What's the scariest movie you've seen? I REALLY want to watch a horror movie. Please reply? :) haha
idkk what movie to watch with my sis... whats a goodd movie?
About to watch this movie. Y'all ain't gonna know what I'm talking about lol.
Tried to determine what movie I wanted to watch for way too long then realized it was Return of the King.
What MMFF movie to watch? Hmmm
Guess I'm bout to pop some corn and watch a movie....not feelin it, these emotions, myself or anything right now......idk what's up with me
Why is Netflix being so stupid right now? All I want is to watch Damian Lewis in, what I imagine, a craptastic movie.
What's a dope movie to watch?
What I have to say about Sherlock Holmes (2º movie):IT WAS A CLIFF!!! & a cave...  .Oh n'...a gipsy?seriously? .My mistake! I went to watch it
Shoes off (check) makeup remover (check) munchies (check) netflix (check)....what movie to watch?
Hmm...what movie to watch before mimisland?.... Sumthin scary perhaps o_0
What's some good shit to watch? I need a good movie that I probably ain't seen
Okay this is not what I thought the game would be hmm time to watch a movie
“@PrincesssZoli: What's a good movie to watch on Netflix? Hmm ” faces in the crowd!!! It's so good!
“@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?” The Strangers or Taken!
Guess this my movie night. What to watch doe?
What do you do when your baby doesn't want to sleep?You watch a classic movie:the godfather part 2 still awesomely good!Still no sleepy boy!
hmmm what movie to watch
“@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?”umm i think a good action movie is Real Steel!
I don't know what to do now. I don't wanna watch a scary movie alone..
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix? Hmm
about to watch a movie but idk what
What's a good scary movie to watch tonight?!
hmm , what movie to watch since we done seen ALL of them abt 5million times .
I told my boyfriend I want to watch the help he said what is that I says it's a movie lol I know I know we slow lol :)
Trying to download a movie to watch. I feel like I know what to do cause I've seen Geoff do it so much but watch me fuck it up omg
*rolls over and continue to watch movie on BET* I have no clue what this movie is really about but its pretty good
watched the movie called " the house bunny ", urghh its done what shall i watch now, I plan to watch tons of movies what shall i choose ??
Can't sleep so what better thing to do then shove my face and watch a movie!!!!! .<Born and Raised Country>
i wanna watch a movie but dont knw what to watch 0_o
Lakers, College Football, AND my favorite movie on?? what to do?? what to watch?? O_o
Hmmm..what movie to watch
Hm what movie to watch tonight....
Hmmm idk what movie to watch!
Hmmm..... What movie to watch first...
About to watch a movie. What to watch???? Hmmmm.........
Can't decide what movie to watch or tv series to re watch .....decisions decisions !!
I'm tryna watch a movie tonight.. But I unno what to watchh
I'm not even about to sit here and act like I know what is going on, so ima watch a movie.
What movie to watch noww?
What's a good site to watch movie on
What's a good movie to watch with your dick in someone's mouth?
What in the world does this have to do with A Midsummer Night's Dream? Did Felix even watch the movie?
Hanging with Chelsea! She won't tell me what movie she wants to watch. she doesn't have a twitter, so tweet me "#PickSomethingChelsea" ;]
Idk what to do tonight.. Could play Skyrim, Or watch a movie.. xD Shogun 2 Total war is kinda suckish in comparison to Napoleon or Rome...
What to do what to do, do i read some more new moon or watch twilight movie...
Deciding on what movie to watch from my laptop. Haven't used it in a long time. =))
Next week will be Samurai/Feudal Japan movie week. Let me know what you want to watch!
about to watch this movie called the aristocrats... clueless on what this movie is about
I wanna watch a good movie right now but idk what to watch..
Movie time mmmm so many what to watch.?
What is a good movie to watch??
hmmm... what movie to watch????
Gonna use my Keurig & put in a movie. Hmmm.... if only I could decide what to watch!
Bout to watch a scary movie all by myslef what am I thinking
..hmm, what movie to watch next.
Movie time b what movie to watch  while ik knit
What I'm hoping for in 2012 is to watch just one movie, in its entirety, where no character says, "Now, let me get this straight...."
About to watch this movie . See what the hype is .
one demand is makin u pay $2 to watch romeo must die what the fuck i watched movie so many times for free now there makin u pay BULLSHIT!
Idk what movie to watch :( ideas!?
Man...I dunno what to watch movie wise :/
What's a good movie on Netflix to watch?! :D
Wondering what movie to watch I wanna watch something scary!
to save a life is a must watch movie!! what do u do after watching?
What's a good movie to watch??
“@COFFEEULUV2DRNK "@CallMe_Q: What's a good movie to watch??"hang over 2---O_o lol
trying to figure out what movie to watch on netflix
"@CallMe_Q: What's a good movie to watch??"hang over 2
hmmm what movie to watch tonight????
"@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?"let me in is good
Debating on what movie to watch..
Flipping a coin to decide what movie to watch>
I wanna watch a movie online what site do u go to ?
Bored with people...bout to do what I do best watch a movie and go back to sleep.
"I could watch you for a lifetime .You're my favourite movie .A thousand endings .You mean everything to me .I never know what's comin'"
Dangerously close to finishing my to do list before bed time. Gasp! What do I do? Read? Watch a movie? Talk to the bf?
What movie do I want to watch tonight Limitless or The Town? Open to suggestions haha
alright Scary Movie just came bck on, but i'ma watch BeyondScaredStraight to see what this about . . lol.
every movie on netflix is dumb i never know what to watch
What's a good movie to watch on netflix??
So what movie to watch today?
hmmmm what movie to watch tonighttttt
What movie am I going to watch next ? Hmmmm...
“@carmelone815: Time to pour up and watch a movie :)” that's what I'm doing lol
Porn. It's both “@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?”
What movie bout to come on bet next ..some stupid shit watch
Insidious "@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?"
too many options really mess me up. i hate choosing. what movie do i want to watch!
gonna watch a movie and hopefully get drunk ALONE. yeah alone. this is what my life has come to. i hate my parents.
i need a recommendation on what movie to watch..
Insidious... "@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?"
ATTENTION EVERYONE: what's a good movie for me to watch tonight? ^_^
I want to watch another movie but idk what to watch.....
"@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?" Insidious/ dead silence ;3
me and my family are debating what movie to watch .... -_-
What's a good chill (black people) funny movie to watch?
Don't know what movie to watch
"@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?" Never Say Never
“@itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?” Jeepers Creepers
what's a good movie that me & Eva should download to watch ?
What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch?
Trying to figure out what movie to watch. Got my ice cream, snuggie blankie, and the house to myself
what a good movie to watch on Netflix,
about to watch a movie & I have no clue what its about
What movie to watch now??
what movie to watch tonight?
What movie am I about to watch ? Hmm ..
So what movie to watch tonight? With these new headphones
You'll never guess what movie I'm about to watch... Haha.
hmm, idk what movie to watch next.
Haven't been able to stay awake during one movie I have watched this break. What did I watch?
It's just me & Netflix. What's a good movie to watch?
Ladies, what is a good love story to watch right now? I am feeling sap. lol.. a cozy movie would be just perfect!
Dunno what to do. Moral Dilemma, watch a movie or go to sleep..
Back in thee house . I want to curl up on thee couch & watch a good movie ... what's on though !?
I wanna watch a movie before bed. What to watch
I can't watch movies with my parents. They just guess what's going to happen the whole time. no, you're wrong, watch the movie.
Wow. What a fukking movie. Tsss welp time to watch something happy
What the fuck. We were all suppose to watch a movie together. And now youre going to up the tickets MY dad bought to watch your own movi ...
I just wanna watch a movie...but I don't know what to watch!
What's a good movie on red box to watch high??
Nothing to do , nothing on tv , no company , & bored. Soo you kno what that means , time to watch a movie , by myself -_-
gonna watch Obsessed.. A movie with Idris Elba & Beyonce,.. all on one screen. This feeling must be what going to heaven feels like.
Can't wait to curl up and watch a movie then read a book but what to do on New Years
Decide to go on and watch a movie. What do i discover? He's watched over 20 movies over the past two days. We don't even fucking talk!
i need to know what movie to watch!
If you had the chance to meet Miley what would you do? Watch a movie, go shopping?  Send replies :)
What movie are you forcing me to watch this time dad?
hmm...what movie to watch?!
What movie will i watch in the cinema today? Off to cdo! :)
Thinking of a movie night... Dont know what to watch though :/
What movie will i watch in the cinema today? Mmm. Off to cdo! :)
What's a good movie to watch?  I feel like watching a movie tonight
Idk what movie to watch  oh boy lol
What movie to watch....hmmmmmm
I feeling a Harry Potter movie week is coming on starting tonight. I have to watch them again so I remember what happens to watch the last 1
Read a book?? Watch a movie??? What to do??? Mmmmm
“@JeremyNicolls: What's a Really Good movie to watch???” A BRONX TAIL NOW ON SPIKE TV
Guys what movie do you want to watch come out here if you dont want it to be lame
Someone tell me what movie to watch, please. :)
Going to watch Gabriel Iglesias: Hot and Fluffy. Cause I totally forgot what the other movie I wanted to watch. Lol. Good night everyone! :)
Today I went to the cinema to watch “New year, New life”..What a great movie! Just love it! Let the countdown begin ^.^
I have figured it out it depends on the movie watch to see in what level we are
lifetime movie or bolt? hmm what to watch!?
Stranded at the drive inn.. What will they say monday morning.. That movie use to be this autistic boy I use to watch favorite movie! Eric!!
HeartBreakVasho k so what movie are we going to watch guys? * white girl voice*fwApq
tryna figure out what movie to watch
I'm going to do what I do a lot of which is procrastinate and watch this movie
Going to watch dear John to see what  this  shiz this movie is about ?
Movie Night, What To Watch?
DATE NIGHT w/ my love. Dinner & Movie, just can't decide what movie to watch, either MI4/Sherlock Holmes... any suggestions?
I wanna watch a movie!!! But idk what to watch? Hmm...
What's a Really Good movie to watch???
HELP what's a good movie to watch on Netflix?
Chillin' on my couch deciding what spoof movie to watch... Better be funny!! : )
“@Simply_FunSize I really don't want to watch this movie” what movie
what is a great movie to watch??
What's a good movie to watch? Can be any genre!
I watched some greezy movie on BET today don't know what its called but I have to watch that shit from the beginning
Mommy thinks so knows what's gonna happen in every movie. Worst person to watch a movie with
Does anyone have a suggestion for what movie to watch?YZsTz
new movie. What to watch?
Debating on what kind of movie to watch..
what movies is onn right noww. i need a good movie to watch .
bout to watch jackass ahhh what a movie.
I hate Watching movies when I'm pissed off. I don't get to watch the movie I'm just thinking about what pissed me off the whole entire time.
Damn...thought it was later than it is! What movie to watch??
Anyone knows what website i can go to, to watch malay movie?
what's a funny movie to watch? any suggestions ?
What movie to watch hmm..
Hmm what movie to watch
Watching movie previews always makes me forget what movie I came there to watch in the first place
What Movie To Watch Hmmmmm?
Day off tonight? Or tonight off... Whatever. Idk what to do... Maybe watch a movie like a loner.
Tomorro- getting some stuff for new years eve, gotta figure out what to wear :) then we're going to watch the movie 'new year's eve!' :D
I really dont know what movie to watch to stay up -_-
What movie to watch???
Bout ready to watch some nba but my wife want to watch a movie about a nazi war criminal. What to do...
I wanna watch a movie but idk what movie to watch
realized that 50% of my account on here is about what movie to watch next. How intellectual.
babies are bathed and ready for bedtime. Gonna watch a movie with my baby.... what to watch? Any suggestions?
oh snap , my movie going off . idk what to watch now !
What's a good movie to watch ? I'm using Netflix (:
MI Ghost Protocol: high octane movie, lives up to what it advertises. You get what you expect from this one, fun to watch. B
Trying to decide what movie to watch...
I'm so tired. From idk what. -_- Chaz was really trying to make me wake up and watch the movie w/ him. But I couldn't. Slept on that ass.
Never watch a movie with my cousins. Unless you'd rather listen to what? What'd they say? What's happening? Why'd they do that? Do they die?
Pizza is here!!! Now what movie to watch?
hmmm need to find a good movie to watch but dk what to chose hmmm what a dilemma lol
Another Movie , What To Watch.???
I want to watch a movie today, what are good movies to watch?
Hmmm what movie to watch tonight....
I don't really know what I'm going to do when I get home, probably watch a movie
I wanna get out of bed and watch a movie but I also want to sleep, what to do..
What movie to watch
Off to watch a movie what a shitty day!
If you could choose ONE movie to watch before you died , What Would It Be ?
Contemplating what movie to watch tonight any suggestions?
Lets watch a movie..what about walk to remember?
The movie channels on LifeTime make you WANT to stop and actually watch the movie. "Dead At 17"..nigga,WHAT.!?!?
if one more person asks me what I am doing for NYE I might knock them out, tie them down, and subject them to watch the movie New Years Eve
hmm what movie to watch tonight thennn
What's up with this Ombak Rindu movie? Everyone is watching it. I'm going to be a rebel and NOT watch it. ahahaha!
I wanna watch a movie...what to watch...
do you wanna hang out and watch a movie is what i meant to saysNDS
What movie is nice to watch right now?
I wanna watch a movie but I dont know what to watch#netflix
Don't know what to watch now, wide awake but what movie I think love actually;)
Twitter always help me out on what movie to watch just go by whatever is trending ahaha..
WHAT MOVIE TO WATCH ;A;
What movie to watch... Any suggestions?
what movie to watch tonight...recommendations?
Think it's time to snuggle up and watch a wee movie, hmmm what to watch?!!?
dunnno what movie to watch :(
What movie to watch hmmmm
Drinking the last of our Christmas Ale and having some pulled pork sandwiches! Deciding what movie to watch! Moneyball or Captain America?
I could watch you for a lifetime, you're my favorite movie. A thousand endings, you mean everything to me. I never know what's coming
Im about to watch ah movie just idk what one"???
Idk what to do w myself. My lil loves are away for the weekend and my Mr. is at work. Maybe I'll make me some pizza n watch a movie!
Have a free movie ticket, but what movie to watch .
Need to calm my nerves about that movie. So what should I watch? :D
what movie to watch tonight...........
what movie am i bout to watch!
what movie to watch is the main question
Its official..my 5 girls will be a part of a movie script....watch and wait to see what happens when I take them to the screen...
So I'm on the phone talking to my adult cousin & she hits me with yu watch the movie Me..what movie?cousin..cinderella 3..Me LOL seriously?
No matter what time I go to watch a movie at the theatre, I always expect it to be dark outside.
What is a good movie to watch? Reply to letvmevknow.
Bored, I don't even know what movie to watch -_-
In a movie mood, what good movies is there to watch?
This never works...but anybody have a kinda recent funny movie I can watch?  Feel free to read my mind do determine what I've seen already.
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix right now ?
my 10 year old brother wants to watch The Inbetweeners Movie with me later...I don't think he even knows what sex is yet...
I really don't know what movie to watch, this is terrible
i want to watch a really good movie, but idk what to watch .
Oh what I'd do to be able to cuddle up with you and just watch a movie .  <3
hmm what movie to watch
Awwh eric came down to cuddle with me and watch the movie what a sweetheart :$
what movie to watch on netflix?
I think I want to watch a movie but I don't know what to watch
the chaos theory (: “@jaaylozano: what's a good movie to watch on Netflix?”
I wonder what movie im going to watch next
what's a good movie to watch on Netflix?
i think i'm going to watch a movie hm what should i watch what should i watch
What's a good movie on Netflix to watch?
Hm...what movie to watch tonight while boyfriend games?  Something classic like Some Like it Hot or My Fair Lady... or something newer?
Going to watch one of my favourite films of all time - Buster (Phil Collins)- with red wine. Top movie and just what is needed
Someone tell me what harry potter movie to watch tonight. PLEASE. ANYONE. (except 7 pt 1 don't have it) thanks
What's a good scary movie to watch ?
i can hear my mum and dad watching the inbetweeners movie downstairs, tempted to go down and watch it as well or what it be too awkward? hmm
iLikeWhen my biggest decision for the night is what movie to watch... Chain Letter? o_OsDV
I want to watch a movie. But what movie? Hmm.
My wife and I just sat down and decided to watch a Christmas movie. What did we go with? The best ChWoocT
What are everyone's New Year's Eve plans? We're going out to dinner and probably just coming home to watch a movie and relax.
If you get a chance, you need to watch the movie "What If?"   .It has a great message.
What to do next? Shall I watch another movie or shall I kill some things?
hmm what's a good scary movie to watch?
La da da da..  .Gon' go watch a movie! (y) .But dont know what movie to pick.. :/ .Help!!  .:D
I'm on Netflix, but I have no idea what to watch. I wanna watch a movie, but I don't know which. Well, time to start searching.
What movie to watch? Lol so many choices
What's a good chick flic movie to watch?!?
dont know what to watch, horrible bosses, inbetweeners movie or hangover 2
Wonder what movie dad will bring downstairs to watch hmm
it's 12:14 am right now. and it's a bad idea to watch a creepy horror movie but what the hell.. let's do it
my mum brought home a movie to watch, what is it? Cheaper to keeper, what is that? a HILARIOUS religious movie because its so full of awks
fucking internet is so slow i can't even watch a movie what the hell am i supposed to do now??????
Whenever I watch a 3D movie, I always take off the glasses to see what it really looks like
The feeling when you wanna watch a movie and you don't know what to watch !
I want to watch a movie right now hmm... What should I watch?
Trying to decide what pirated movie i want to watch.. or if im going to watch them... maybe ill take my 13 yearold sis shopping...
It's not even that cute kind of awkward (watch any movie with Jay Baruchel to get what I mean) it's just the awkward kind.
I really want to watch a movie, I just don't know what. Hmmm.......
What movie to watch tonight..
what a good movie to watch  ?
Lets see what movie I'm gonna watch while I wait for this chick to get back to the front office so I can exploit their WiFI O_O
I start a movie and won't finish it .. Idk what I'm n the mood to watch right now
Think it's one for a movie. Now....what to watch??
After I do my biomedics homework which is what I am goig to do right now. My reward will be to watch Drive. It looks like a good movie.
what was the scariest movie you ever watched? i want to watch it.
Ombak Rindu, What a wonderful movie to watch. Touching.
"what's made of honor? is that a marine movie? if so, I want to watch that!"
What is a good recent movie? I'm feeling like this would be a good day to watch a good movie
Mid Night In Paris .. What a great movie to watch .. .. awesome :)
Been on an 80s movie kick have to expose Alex, watched Weird Science, Commando, and Golden Child... What should we watch next?
Hmmm what movie to watch next
What show/movie could you watch all day if you had to? "I don't watch TV" is unacceptable ;)
Out of the quest ; ugh , i dk what movie to watch !
Movies tonight. And idk what movie to watch
I'm so damn bored. No idea what to do! Guess i will watch an movie or something
what's a good horror movie to watch?
i'm having such a hard time cleaning right now which is so weird because i love cleaning what is happening to me i wanna watch a movie :o
What movie to watch...
WHAT MOVIE IS THERE TO WATCHHH. :( Can't bear to watch RM cause I'm reaching the last episode real soon.
What's a better holiday movie to watch after Christmas -- home alone or die hard?
What's a good movie to watch on Netflix??? Kendall, diarra and i need suggestions lol
At the movie theater - about to watch New Year's Eve. Total chick flick! What don't we do for luv...
I don't know what movie to watch.. Anyone seen any good ones recently? :')
Gonna watch a movie. Hm, what to watch?
Do you think calling me to watch some stupid movie is called "FIXING WHAT YOU DID WRONG"?! Are you fucking serious?
This man in here trying to watch a movie about an orgy  what type time he on
Time for dinner & a movie!! What to watch?....mmm....
What your favorite movie to watch in Christmas day?! :D Ty.
R_Dizzy   Guess what movie I rented today to watch tonite??OGq
Mission impossible 4 ....  What a movie to watch.  It is a must watch for all of guys
What's a nice movie to watch?
Going to watch Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. Read a lot about this movie, but I don't really care what's it about since Robert is in it.
Ehh, it's a lazy day. Needs a movie to watch but doesn't know what....any suggestions? :3
Just got home. Bonding time here at home w cousins. What movie to watch kaya? :)
Any suggestions for what movie to watch? any ideas welcome I can't decide
I want to watch korean movie! but i dont know what to watch.. :(
huh i guess i have to watch a movie tomorrow..... . .but what movie can u suggest me to watch????
Silverbird don chop " belle full", imagine the gatemen @ silverbird deciding who may come in and asking people what movie they came to watch
Call me what u want and laugh if u want ... I guarantee u won't see me trying to watch that movie
I WANNA WATCH A MOVIE. But I have no idea what movie to watch...
want to watch a movie but dont know what ;/ suggestions??
What movie should i watch on the way to my grandmas?
Dunno what movie to watch ._.
I soooo old but 7pounds is an incredible movie! HA took me a while to figure out what was happening but defo one to watch!
Chris wants to watch "the movie with the chipmunks and the penguins"and is upset because I dont know what he's talking about
cant decide what to do first finish this maths homework or watch a movie!!
Now thinking what movie I want to watch.
Wants to watch a movie!! What shall i watch?!
what's a good "old" movie to watch?
What's a good movie to watch on netflix ?
What's a good movie for me to download to watch
:?Hmm what chloe moretz movie to watch today before art school...
"@Pernell84: What's a good movie to watch?" HOW TO BREAK THE BOOKIE!!
im bout to watch a movie but what movie shud i watch..
I have to find out what movie I wanna watch, and wat time it start..
Lol haha did u even finish what u were watching? ◄"@CHAMA_reps: One Nigeria movie takes one whole day to watch. Haai. Never
“@saraqila: Any suggestion on what movie to watch?” THE DARKEST HOUR.
Any suggestion on what movie to watch?
"what would you choose" watch a horror movie with demi or go to the disco with selena ?
Confused. :| What to watch? What to watch? :((( NBA o yung bagong DL ko na movie? :((((
Palace of romance... What a nice movie to watch
Night :) "@LanrayKOMO: Me! What time should I pick you "@preciousnkiru: My gosh! I want to go to Palms and watch a nice movie with someone.
Want to watch a movie but what one? So much choices...
Thinking what movie to watch..hmmmm
I want to watch a movie... But idk what movie =/
I want to watch a movie, but what movie.. :))
If yr at a lose to what to watch at the cinema I'd recommend SHERLOCK HOLMES 2!It's actually better then the 1st movie & the ending is great
Idk what movie to watch...hmmm *looks over at tha xxx section* aaahh mayb this a work
feel like watching movie but dont know what movie to watch . hmmm .
Going out again to watch some more movie :) what's next to watch? Papa I love you? Mission Impossible or Songlap? :)
I want to watch a good movie, I just don't have a clue of what !
The Help - what a great movie to watch!
Okay. off to bed now i guess. What movie should i watch?!?!?!?!
What is good about Twitter is, I don't have to watch any popular drama/movie cause everyone is tweeting about it.
Watch a movie on what these troops really do to the people in iraq and you'll never want to wear American flag print anything.
What movie to watch? Change up, or 30min or less?
Hmm what's a good movie to watch.?
I dont know what movie to watch! I just want to sleep!
What's a good movie to watch?!
What good movie to watch today?? :)
They don't got shit to watch on tv. I wanna watch a movie but idk what.
Tryna decide what to watch from a 4 movie collection <<<
About to watch a movie, but what movie ?
