Listening to some music on my new phone and headphones......awesome!!!!! =P
Return of the Mack on the new finish line music.. they finally know what they are doing..
Getting new music excites me!
Much Music Studios! I'm curious to know if there are artists inside! .And if The New Cities are there? Aweeh!!
Got a lot of goals with this new music.
my day thus far: listening to new music
i love when i download new music.
finally got new music on my iPod :)
Just found out i'm the one To provide the music for new years eve , i guess there will be no sleep for me
Download my new app in the android market so u can get more music and know more about me. Just type in "dominique lee" in the search box
there's Rain sex, Christmas sex, new years sex, music sex, house dirty sex.
Chiodos is on Music Choice(alt)! YAY ^_^ wow. Brandon, I love your voice. Surprised lil' ol' me. WHILEE Craig's new band isn't THAT great..
Need new music
I need some new music to ring in the new year. Suggestions? By "ring in the new year"i mean ill be sleeping and need music for the next day
So much lined up and im ready new music new project coming soon mark my words
I love updating my iTunes with new music.
New Google Music App Included in CyanogenMod 9
Putting New Music On My Phone >>
Tomorrow is much needed. New year, new friends, new drugs, new enemies, new shoes, new babies, new music, new porn. Life's great.
New music on the way!!
I NEED TO FIND SOME NEW MUSIC
i love listening to new music that i find on youtube
Focus on work more. Write new music. Be proud of my accomplishments. Be prouder of the accomplishments of others.
I hate to admit it but.. Cobra Starship's old music > their new stuff..
"@TheBrentSmith: I love all kinds of music. But I Definately have a love for Rock&Roll. That being said did you know?"when is new cd?
Man I need some new music on my phone!
Very mixed music for the next two days hope you all enjoy it .Happy holidays and a safe and happy New Year to you all .from everyone at 4RFM
“@imPRETTYxo3 really wanna find a party on at least hear music to bring in the new years .”
I need new music.
792? 800 followers is around the corner! Help me out y'all! NEW MUSIC COMING!
4th of July I wanna be surrounded by Niggaz wit similiar music taste..New Years Eve I wanna be surrounded by white people wit high credit
really wanna find a party on at least hear music to bring in the new years .
ilove my new phone :) i can listen to music and it will not waste my battery!!! Ilove the android phones
Swing Band plays for the nice folks at Beaverdale Estates on New Years Eve. They enjoy  our music every year, So fun!
Only Fuckin wit older music for a while . Cuss this new shit is getting wacker each day.
finna listen to some of  chris brown new music <3
Finally got the iOS5 update and got new music on my phone! Feels good!
The best thing about new years is watching the music videos
What new music is out.
Mr_Butterworths She's still recording music for her new albumrZp0
My new fave music video is "lego house" by ed sheeran. Rupert grint Stars in it! eep! <3
My aunt need some new music
The upcoming New Years Eve will be an exciting time for the heavy metal music lovers HEAVYNESS at the whisky 9:30 pm Hollywood California
Old school music >>>>> new school
mom just hooked up her mp3 player and is blasting spanish music lol she's ready for the new year.
New music coming Friday!!!
time to find new music
new music video "a rapper that's real" dropping this tuesday
this New Orleans "bounce" music <<<< >>>
Thinking about going to the club alone tonight. Just to clear my head, listen to some good music & hopefully meet some new people
Dang, Im Slacking On My Music! Cant Think Of Any New Songs To Download! >:// Help?
I'm in New Year denial. I've been listening to Christmas music all night.
wher ibeen , idk any new music .
need new music on my ipod...anything but country. suggestions??
New music new videos.....same swag.....ePceason
New car, new beginnings of my music career, new apartment, new beginning point blank for 2012! Claiming it in Jesus Name!!!
Oh for all don't forget to watch Music Bank special new year ok.... :) Don't forget ok...(^_^)
Just put a load of new music on my phone, can't wait till I buy myself an iPod, 8gb is depressing.
need some new music
NEW YEAR SAME GOAL PUT BOSTON MUSIC ON THE MAP FOLLOW@GREENCITY 123 WATCH GREATNESS
Excited to have 'met' many like-minded people here: travel, PR, music, enviro, AXOs & more! Looking forward to 2012! Happy New Year to you!
"@DoeMakerDOT: Dream.... Believe... Achieve" I Ear That Fam ;) Duno My Nigga Long Time G,What No New Music G ;P Holla When You Do G
Adding new music to my phone is the highlight of my week :)
In the new year I'm getting new studio monitors to hear how crap my music really sounds. That'll be a day of expensive embarrassment
I'm making new music!!!!!
Oh god what the jingle do I blog about?! I have no new stories or music / film news, nor is there a new Apple product - SHIT!
I'm the best big brother. Gave my sister the gift of good music for her bday. The new Fleet Foxes, new Florence, plus an iTunes gift card.
Putting together some new music
Anybody could recommend good house music, that's new? I have everything from Afrojack to Swedish Houl3zmQi
NEW MUSIC 8 - WRRC
Yes I put NEW West Coast music on the Twerk Tape 2
Some New Years Eve music: Love and Hard Times from Paul Simon
Somebody educate me, what's new in the world? Movies, art, music? What up!
It's a sad day when you have to make a new iTunes account and loose ALL your music </3
Love new music
I am in an isolated world listening to music with my new headphones at full volume
I like this new Improv, especially their music selection.
Lol nah I'm just telling the truth we cnt bring in the new year wit no ass shaking music lol
I miss my computer :( i need new music on my
Last day of 2011 omd this years gone quick :s great year for me for two things especially music and new friends however bad year for romance
Having a pirating session! Yay new music
Charlie baltimore bk damn!i wonder wht her new music sound like
And I forgot to sync my iPod last night which means no new music
Tomorrow, I'll get my tracks from studio to work on new music video, Go meet Jason, Get more note pads then come home and get ready :)
Beyonce is going to have new music new year.  Ahhhhhh.
Downloading some new music any one know of any good new songs
What new music is out? Heard a lot dropped, never checked though.
Why can't I transfer my music to my new laptop
Really wish some Canadian electronic artists would submit their music to CHMR. Really interested in playing some NEW cdn electro.
my life has hit an all new low... i'm downloading selena homez music.
my aunt calls me & i have da music loudass fuck & shes like why do yu have it so loud & im like "GIRL CAUSE IM ALREADY CELEBRATING NEW YEARS
My tradition on New Year's Eve: fireworks, champagne, cheese, CHOCOLATES and SOUND OF MUSIC movie before bed.. Cheers!
i'm need a new hobby, i'm sick of music
New Music Releases 2012 Week 1 - THEDEN-RG
whenever i get new music i listen to it loads but i always go back to listening to Brand New
New year new music
SUN FM SUPER REQUEST WEEK! .1 MORE DAY FOR A SUNTASTIC NEW YEAR:p .KIDD WEST IS HERE TO GET UR MUSIC FIX ON;)LETS GET WILD N BONKERS:p WOWZAA
My new years resolution is to get a boyfriend which isn't a fucking asshole, and has a great taste in music so he can come to gigs with me
need new music
well I guess poor people haven't listen Tone yet :) listen to their new music and you'll find it interesting, it's the new colour of TVXQ ..
New music for the ipod :D
Adding the new music I got from Amazon into my iTunes library and syncing up my new iPod. Next putting photos into iPhoto and then games.
getting new music>>>>
get it in for the New Year! We got ah loft downtown music and bottles   W Waveland Ave. Chicago il 60613
Blaring music, making good food...not a bad Friday night. Tomorrow and New Years should be better!!
All my new music>>>
RE: Kids New Years: Can't handle the pressure of major allergies. Activities planned, campfire, music, faking the ball drop at 10pm...
I aint really done alot this year you know. Got scholarship trials, Fxcked with certain people, re started music, made new friendss.....
New laptop is working nicely. Now the long process of putting all my music on it.
NEW MUSIC IS COMING FORTH TO YOU ON THE NEW YEAR BE READY
"Journey of Life" moves up in the New Music Weekly Country Charts!
Listening to music packing for new York !!!
suggestions for new music and non fiction books????
Katy might write songs about the break-up, new music wooooop!
If OG Niki continues to make new music in 2012 I will call her manager or whoever and discuss her being beheaded.
I love when I get new music!
Steven Jackson's New Music Video >>>  .Lmao. Nigga Stunting His Ass Off.
Earth wind & Fire music tho >>>> yeah I FW that new ish but back in the days Music was the ish
Turning my music up and having a Pre-new year drink.. Happy new year Twitter
getting my new iphone 4s missed up my music and now I'm trying to think of music I would like to get8PEEc
I'm just looking forward to the new music in 2012
My New Years eve, n New Years consist of me doin Wat I love n thats music....trip to Canada got cancel Soo ill be at church...
new music makes me happy
Swaggg music is a new genre
New music dreams? Or new ventures?  Who knows
new music , i need that .. any suggestions ?
Music is mai waifu. So beautiful, always something new to find and so sporadic and different to everything else! :3 Nononono, <3 :P
So this summer we will be recording a full album, making shirts, and maybe a music video for you guys! So be on the look out for new stuff.
If you need a facebook status asking people for new music, i have no respect for you
And So I Watch You From Afar - Gangs .Holy shit, this album changed me as a person and given me a whole new outlook on music.
You beautiful ladies make me feeeeeeeel brand new!! (Stylistics) i can take yall young asses back! I love music!!!
Need a new music downloading app
New year's eve..... A bit of barbie, live music & karaoke, video games, & good friends & family around. Happy New Year 2012...... Cheers
Thinks it's time they make a new "Sound of Music"...
discovering new awesome music >
all his new music out and i don't have my iPod.
Muve Music.....is my new best friend......:-)
I got some new music coming!! Don't think I'm just a DJ and Radio Personality lol!!! Shoeshine and Da Kidd
Can't wait for the new music of 2012 to come out :)
Hearing new good music>>>
I have found so much new music this year that its not even funny.
Tonight I'm going to go through all of my followers and check out all the random bands that follow me. I need new music.
Now I'm uploading new music to my iphone. any suggestions? :D
New music will be coming for u guys I promise. I'm gonna drop an EP soon TBA
Need suggestions for new music to download
R Bar Macau was great last night, all about the music and crew! Heading back to Singapore for the big one at New Asia tonight
Loud music's playing outside already. Yup, the new year is fast approaching!
Hair - dyed :)    Nails - painted :)    iPod music - ready :)   Drink - waiting in kitchen :)    HURRY UP NEW YEAR!!! <33
I finally made time to download new music.
New Years Resolution? MORE music.
In new of new music.
The New Foster The People - Don't Stop Music Video Is Amazing!!!
Actually first I'm gonna sync a bunch of new music to my iPod and then get to work.
discovering new music is my favorite thing in the world<3.
Need some new music to download. Whats good right now?
Gaga is so delusional...she apparently exists outside of pop music and she has created a whole new culture w/in her fanbase *insert eyeroll*
NEW MUSIC! & A CHANCE TO CREATE THE ARTWORK. OMG.!
Need some new music in my life!
The things i do for some people... new music on my
My baby is gettin his groove on to the new music at work... :)
i need more good new music
Find all kinds of new music on soundcloud, bandpage, && bandcamp
A run/music listening, stretch, draw, read, plant, clean: an almost perfect day. Excited for a new year.
Producing a new concept ....... Aint music something magical ? .........
love downloading new music
Independent musicians should think about VOLUME SALES of their music. Find out how to do it by following Texas Music News. Happy New Year !
So excited for Believe. New Music, New Dance moves, New Outfits but still the Same Guy on Stage
I need a new playlist all my music is so depressing.
Added sounds and music to the new intro. Rendering it now.
just downloaded loads of new music, wow
Can see the rehearsal of tomorrows New yrs light show on the south bank from my window.. Not quite as dramatic without music and fireworks.
Adele isn't exactly "pregame/sandstorm" kind of music but it sounds amazing in my new headphones.
bubble bath, candles, music, and a hello kitty drink, i love my new apartment! Just relaxing by myself no strings attached
ALL ROADS LEAD TO WILDBULL FOR NEW YEARS EVE! MUSIC BY DJ YOUNG CHRIS, DJ FRANK WHITE, DJ SHA MONEY, & DJ WAHBUBBLE!
So excited for new music x)
old beyonce music > new beyonce music
Anyone got any good bands for me to check out? I need more new music!
Hanging out at the office with my music getting stuff ready for the new year :-)
Meeting New People Is Like Exploring Music On Youtube, You Never Know Whats In Store By Looking At A Title, Like Judging a Book by The Cover
Defooooo found a new love  .House music!!!!
Fuck it ima go sleep with some angry music, on the bright side it's New years eve!
Man so blessed with all this music. Thanks gang. Got a gang of post to write up for the New Year!
I think I'm in love with the new radio for my car. I can listen to music from my phone without even plugging anything in?! What is this?
Has there been any new music since "Echoes of Silence" dropped cause I aint heard nothing but those nine songs in the last week or 2
I need new clothes, new music, new books...#needy
I need new music
what's some good new music?
I love your music. when are you bringing out a new album?@NewtonFaulkner
Wight Trash were at Rob Hearn's barn ramp with - the aptly titled - Born Ina Barn, recording their new music video - Look for link up soon!
Needs new music any recommendations ?? Lemme know
I always wanted to be in New York watching the ball drop..and now i get to be in Nashville watching the "music note" drop lol
870 da come up. New music coming tonite
Music all set for tomorrow night.  Can't wait....  New Years Eve at House of Blues Chicago.  Gonna be a great one....
Old school music is so much better than the new shit.
Starting the countdown to new year, let's dance Cool Music fans, enjoy!
New year new music.... 2011 was my rookie year. 2012 is my break out year.
new years resolutions- eat less, be less of a bitch(thats the hardest), hopefully meet 1D or see them live, listen to more music-if possible
Not releasing any new music until 2012
Catching up on some new music
Meeting New People Is Like Exploring Music On Youtube , You Never Know What In Store By Looking At The Title , Like You Can't Judg'
Happy New Year! Have a safe and fun weekend. We are looking forward to more art and music adventures with you in 2012!
The Weeknd and Planet VI.. New music out here which I'm feeling. Next level shit.
Need new music hmu with suggestions
picked up a copy of the new TV Freaks LP at hammer city records.  i suggest you do the same.  support local music and businesses.
Sleep and then more music. It's like the new year is already here.
should we post some instrumentals of our new music for you guys to mess with?
Sheepdogs rehersal sounds pretty amazing! Anyone going to the new years concert in niagara falls is in for some unreal music!
Current song: Nappy Roots - Hey Love Ft. Samuel Christian (Radio)SUGARWATERRADIO INC Stream ALL NEW MUSIC 24/7
Current song: Nappy Roots - Hey Love Ft. Samuel Christian (Radio)SUGARWATERRADIO INC Stream ALL NEW MUSIC 24/7
need New music, any suggestions ..?
I have absolutely no music on my phone thanks to my computer -___- this will change when I get a new one
It's almost New Year's but I'm still hearing Xmas music; the HORROR! I'll listen to same tunes again in Oct 2012 if world still exists.
I really miss Kid Cudi. He needs new music.
Downloading new music always makes me happy
Working on some new music....#Focused
Im so excited for the new year! I cant wait to start music school! Ill be the next great Italian Cello performer! Ill perform for the pope!
It's weird how owning tons of new music can make me so much happier... *rolls around in a pile of CDs*
Downloading new music - any suggestion ??
Go to cleatwooley frontpage, web-site ck out my new music cd ,' I ant the Man', FREE. and ck out my site U might lk it..
If you don't have anything going on for New Years, hit me up. Its fun 'round this way. Chillin', drinkin', laughin', good music...no drama
constructing a new profile for my music. look up PoeBel, and my last song SENORITA.
Happy New Year 2012 New year, new music new life
I love my new twitter page! Covered in music notes :D
might have just discovered something very special. a whole new world of 80s stuff. new music? schmoomusic...
When you listen to an artists old music & then their new songs, you can hear the difference. They've all changed .
Music in the postbox ~ my new sweet companion ~ a blanket of peaceful stories ~ strings to tantalize my soul ~ Colm Mac Con Iomaire *angel*
I need new music... any suggestions?
And here it is, the final fleeting 24 hours of this 'ere year and into a new 'un *dramatic music swells *slow applause *someone farts
I'v become slowly obsessed over past few weeks with new Field Music single, really looking forward to album in Feb now.
I be up on all the new music
I need to download some new music on my phone
I love the new music on my ipod<3
I've got these new earbuds that make everything quiet except for my music. So awesome.
I need some new music , any suggestions ?
if i hear we found love by rihanna one more time i think im going to this radio station and beating everyone. get new music!
I want new music. Time to explore :)
What music are you checking out to ring in the New Year?
For some reason it felt like it's time to watch 3 Idiots in HD all Over again ! That super movie and it's brilliant music remains fresh !
Right now playin some music @ azulike barbershop keepin the vibes 4 fresh fades & outlines lets goooo
DAMN, wouldnt be a year if i didnt lose all my music! looks like im starting fresh in 2012 hah
Conscious music is forever fresh
It's time to find some fresh and good music ;)
I'm so in love with Rockie Fresh's music. -Chicago ALL day, EVERY day! ❤
so im dj-ing the music for mah sis bday party...dey was like wat is yuh playing. put ASS ASS ASS on lol smh fresh ass kidsz
For the past 3 hours ive been raving to bollywood music like an awesome fresh xD
Listening to new music, new artists, word of advice, if you sound like someone else start over. Different is fresh, especially MCs,
What's some fresh music....
Hmmm /:) "fresh_baba: AfricanKidsProblem calling anything that plays music "ipod""
Only jump into 23 Jordans... Size 7... Rad Fresh Dope... {V~Music}
Wake up in the morning, listen the music from "mtvhits", the nicer morning, wonderfulife, and fresh...
Fresh, new, and incredibly good indie music. My iPod is refreshed.
I haven't left yet because I'm downloading music. Okay im done now. I'm leaving to get fresh air. Later :\
I wish somebody made me a mix cd and put me on some new music, this is a fresh ass gift lol
Love The Singletons...hope they bring some fresh new music to 2012
Planned a New Years bash at a friends house tomorrow ;-) just did a banging music mix. Gonna get fresh and party hard! Bye 2011. Hello 2012!
Fresh out theeeee shower crankn to my music#toready
Bath water fresh 2mar nite#music city
At the barbershop waiting to look fresh to death. This Dominican music is giving me a headache! ¡Diablo coño!
(Listenin 2 music while gettin dressed )Fresh asShit Always! N da face Fresher haha Fuck Haters One Man Army''
Puttin a fresh ass song on your MySpace used to be the SHIT!!! I made my own music page so .I could have new shit!
Fresh cut, now back to the music!
Why is viva so obsessed with the fresh prince of bel air these days? Just play some music!
Just deleted every song on my phone so I can have fresh music lool
That run was a well needed run I love when I run the fresh air and my music just plays
Everybody Is Dropping New Music on New Years .... Datz Like Trying To Be Fresh On The First Day Of School
Time to get a fresh cut and then to make some music.
Fresh out the shower.. Time to blast music.
Fresh out the shower, now trying to download music for my Mama on this iPod before she urks my nerves about it! Smh...
Looking all fresh and smelling good  .Driving with the windows down and music up,
` Fresh Out Blastin' Music gettin dressed_
Only 2 Groups Of People Can Leave Their Funky Ass Music Links On My Facebook Wall... My Family & Fresh Unlimited.
Here we go morning routine in full affect. Fresh out the shower Music on. tv on espn. the smell of "lick me all over" burning.
Hey guys, may want to also check out Jayy Fresh, making some great music
so i got 7 gigs of fresh new music on my Zune, its 85 degrees out.... yup im goin for a run... keep fit kids.....#leggo
Last Friday of 2011 : Listening MCR's Punk Rock music, refreshing brain and keep it fresh.
Bless to all the new followers......Fresh music coming your way 2011. Don't Dj Romiie Dominic Young
Loud music x getting fresh x ordinary is dead
Finding new fresh music >
Doing some cleaning getting ready to bring the new year Apt smelling Fresh music bumbin loud in the air
fresh out :) , (y) music blasting ;
Definitely a iPhone thing for 2012 fresh start, fresh phone, fresh music, fresh trim
Chillin with some rock music by Lemon Fresh Day 618IE
Music off... . . . .Fresh Prince on..
I have never come across a music scene so thriving and fresh as Brooklyn has been for the last 5yrs+...when did the "tipping point" happen?
Merry Xmas from WrapnRoll HCMC! Really fresh healthy food, truly shocking Xmas music- lucky great st
Me, My Mom, & Sister is up drinking coffee & listening to music <3  .& getting dressed, whewwwwwwwww! We somethin' fresh :)
Cant wait till 2012, new music, artists, and more fresh hits!~ Bring on 2012.
Deacon John, Eric Lindell, Kermit Ruffins and more music for the final weekend ...: Cash Money Records hitmaker Mannie Fresh opens th...
Cannonball is number 1 on 'this week's Fresh music top 20' on The Box right now.
All up in this club, music's pumpin', the beats are fresh an everyone is playing Scrabble.
I'm ready for it to be a NewYear. I wanna start fresh. Maybe get my music going?(:
Discovering Ek Mein aur Ekk tu music.. fresh music ringing through my ears ..jus like what Dev D had done then.
happy new years! hope 2012 becomes a happy year for all you crackheads! fresh start fresh music...enjoy cracked :)
I wanna open up a little coffee cafe spot where I make fresh baked goods from scratch every day and we have live music at nights...
southern music is better then most nowadays ...fresh prince shrugg ..shoot me ock
just had to factory restore my computer goodbye music and pictures :( guess I really am starting the new year fresh..
Lambert's inadvertence is she doesn't make fresh music video of Baggage Claim.
Nigeria took da music video game to a new level in Africa in 2011. Video's look fresh n made sense. Not forgetting the wardrobe killer.
They jail birds gone be like "nice fresh ass right there" *music plays* booty me down lmao
fresh out the shower. boutta chill, lay down & listen to some music now(:
listening to music by "baths". they're fresh as shit.
Martians vs Goblins music video is fresh as fuck.
I sure wish these ppl would stop mentioning me in their wack ass music videos, I am not a rapper lol.....I'm just fresh like one
There's something about metal that really excites me. The music is fresh and great, I like the culture and people (for the most part)
Need Some New Fresh Music  ||
yea, fresh up off the plane. real niggas embrace my music, them bitches go insane
Currently ...playing the music .FRESH like DougiE By: .Jerkin ...<3 . .====3 hahaha :P
Classical music.. Fresh air.. Aaaaaah where am I
All you need is candle lights , fresh strawberries , dim lights & music from the weeknd .... Your set for a adventure
Fresh out the shower, Music on, candels lit, sipping wine and... Folding clothes :)
I need to download new music been a minutes since a got a new fresh song
When peoples iPod's are messy, you now? Like music having advertisements and shit. Keep my shit fresh with those torrents.
Escape Music Party in Marrakech, I am on my way :) Gonna start my set with a new tune fresh out the studio. Organic music, ponder to that?
I can hear fresh music in my head, just waiting to be played
Fresh shower candles lit music jamming me time is the best time
Come enjoy some fresh specialty cocktails to some smooth electro music.
Niggas fresh on music screamin Ambition and Take Care. If you been on you'd remember Attention Defic
Good Luck to my brothas in Fresh Music, i hope yall have a good show.
love house#house music i got the latest tunes#new#fresh#deep house
The trials of growing up a black band nerd... "Un-man my sheet music and fresh pack of double reeds you vile ingrate!"
NP: Booty Music part 2 by Git Fresh
really needs to find some fresh music
Ill b ready ina hour, jump in the shower, crisp & clean, now i gt the power, blastin music frm my speakrs, t-shirts fresh,brand new sneakers
I need some fresh music, heavier edge to it, good melodies. Someone hit me with something I can sink my ear-teeth into.
Ill have fresh music for you. I Promise. I just gotta handle my life real quick. Thanks for your support. Please keep sharing the music.
Feels like cruising around Atlanta and get fresh air listening to chill loud music.
NP Booty Music by Git Fresh ahhh still my jam :)wQR
The first week of 2012 im droppn all this fresh ass Music I need every hot rapper and producer to be on my next mixtape
Fresh out dha tub , smellin like Japanese cherry blossom , listening ta myy music .
When you're in the shower and you pretend to be in a music video or a hair wash commercial. fresh from the shower move so crazy
Some music is like air, u need it fresh every now an then...@_CyFly_ Preciate u puttin me on that link...#RNS
Fresh off. .ALL i See Is paypa n music..  Its a wrap.. No need to say anymore
Need new music to listen to:) really into this "Fresh music from Arkansas" kind of music! Hit me up if you know any:$
msmac_sobadd not too much listing to music Fresh out the showerBWhiMt
Smh..jus seen to niggas dat look lik dey fresh out of a Boyz 2 Men music video
The music's still fresh in my mind...i wanna go back to that time...boy we sure had fun...we was a zydecoin son of a gun
Dude the music on madden 12 is pretty fresh!
Dj mic 718 and dj mr.. Fresh tonite at 8pm only on big music radio
Just got a fresh haircut.. Off to Best Buy to buy another portable hard drive. I need to back up my music n porn collection
I wanna here some fresh new music
House is clean and fresh now for a relaxing bubble bath and my music
Doug E Fresh... The Show.... Biz Markie... Make the music with your mouth Biz...
Its yo boy HIGHWAY,get there the next day you feel me!....fresh on this twitter shit thanks to Mr 3x....Interstate Music Mixtape comin soon!
Starting 2012 fresh, MORE MUSIC VIDEOS!
Ok, enough music for now. Gonna watch Fresh Prince now now. ☺
New Years is all about a fresh start, so Jan 1st we're giving you all the fresh new music. Soca Launch at Continental Soirée | $2 b4 11:11
Fresh off the scene,its the kid its the team,they tellin me this was all a dream...pinkstar music
Fresh off that hooping shit. Banging this music gay loud.
Fresh out the fryin pan into the fire, I'll the be music biz number one supplier.
Fresh out the shower,  and this Turkey and cheese sandwhich Neva told a lie. Now for the music videos.
Sorry I was groovin. Gotta love dhat lay back manny fresh music
Fresh meat plays good background music. :))
“@TRAYSESSION: Helmets only wit music playing all practice.”--- damn wish my school did that days before the game so we could b fresh...
Working on alot of fresh music got some big records dropping for 2012 !!!
Had a fun first band practice! Really excited to get everyone on stage and share some new music and fresh passion with all you!
Wind Blowin My Hair , Music Playin' , Finna Make A Fresh Glass Of Water. (:
Listening to Indian vocal music while grating fresh ginger makes me want to travel.
The Weeknd is like a fresh breeze of real music.
Finally updating my ipod after 4 months. Looking forward to fresh new music on my run today.
Am i the only one that likes to go outside and listen to music and enjoy the fresh air.?
GOOD Music he, die BET Cypher is te tof and they look sooo fresh.
Love when I hear new music it gives me fresh ideas!!!!:)
Glad Im takin a trip on my own today. Just me, some great music, good food, and fresh air comin in my windows <3
music flow let me get started on my hair *pause* think ill tweet instead n do it 2mar so its fresh
Tonight: Cocktail Club, Fresh Sheet, and DJ Kingblind. This fulfills your recommended dose of food, music and refreshing adult beverages.
Accidentally went a week without working on any music. Nice to start back with a fresh take on things.
music aint wat it used to be idk any more i dont kare wat im bumpin any more az long az derz a fresh beat
All I want is fresh powder, good music and a board strapped to my feet. Let the wind blow...
Finally SNOW! (not the amazing music artist)...... .what is amazing though, is 5cm of fresh snow = $1 ice cream scoops! All Winter long!
December 29th and it feels like 80degrees out here today! I heart ATX!! Chillin at whole foods bout to walk to waterloo for some fresh music
Just finished up my last Music Choice mixes for the year! Lots of fresh talent! Be sure to send me your hot (clean) singles so U can get on!
I careless bout the name of the brand wats the fabric hittin for how long does it last will it be fresh 10 years from now..just like music
I dont go to clubs unless im paid to be there.. Wack crowds + wack music + no money for fresh = waste of time .. Pe@ce
No homo at all but the one backstreet boys music video where they were dressed as warewolves and shit was pretty fresh.
4 the ppl bout text me"Wyd":Im n my House..Fresh out da shower..Watchn spongebob..On my Mac..Writin Music n On EVERY Social Network I kno
Back to using Leopard. Fresh install. Lost everything but my music. Oh well.
Fresh out the shower, music to be made, songs to sing, guitar to be played this is my day
I need Captain Tuneup to fix my music file fricka fricka fresh!
Ok, i don't give a fuck aof the Heizkostenrechnung and make next year fresh mixes. Music bless you peepz!
Since everything on my computer got deleted music wise this gives me a chance to start fresh for the new year
listening to some funky music while i hold a fresh.
yeah fresh new music makes my day got some riding music now
I want some Fresh Music.
juicy j aint fresh, he look old as shit and his music dont even go, whats so special about that nigga?
Safe touched the ground Amsterdam, Marrakech was big! Now back to the lab, we got a lot of new fresh music to finish.
Big shout out to TB Promotions, So Fresh Promotions, Sunset Island Music!
I need new fresh music. gaaaah,
I'm watchin fresh prince of bel air til my music is done downloading then off to bed
UofA_Fresh_Move Blue Slide Park by Mac Miller, Here and Now by Nickelback. Or what is your music typ
I'd listen to some new fresh music, any ideas please?
He ugly but his music go hard rt and he stay fresh
WMYB is one of Much Music Canada's 'Fresh Videos'. Currently being bipolar. Happy & sad.. at the same time :P
i've found some of the most amazing and fresh music i've ever heard tonight.   FINALLY :)
soaking in a HOT bath listening to fresh music...and getting interupted with homies GF situation...what a joy kill...can I just get 20 min!!
please dj, turn me up with fresh music b4 u got my asskick!
I think step one should be unifying all of my music files, and possibly clearing my Sansa so that I can start fresh...
A FRESH START 4 US AROUND HERE WE READY .PLAYMAKA[OIL MUSIC]
Fresh out the shower , laying down listening to music , about to text my bestfriend .
So my parents come home see me sleep fresh off wrk and these blast fuckin music like wtf!?
Hardest thing is tryna pitch the music on the decks been trying all night fresh start later on x
I'm simple all I need is a fresh cut, food, and good music and I'm happy
