New movies?
I really need some good new movies. I want to get some new ones.. . I really like funny, horror, and action and romantic as long as they're really good.. Lol so basically some good new movies..
New Movies ?
I want to watch some movies on youtube because I'm homealone for a while. What movies should I watch. I need them to be new, but I also need them to be out on DVD. So what movies should I watch?. . Thanks ^^.
If they are on DVD, they are not new.
new movies?
what are some new spoof movies coming out or just came out. like epic movie and scary movie. . i know about superhero movie but i saw one more and i really want to see it but i cant remembwer what it was or anything about it. . if there are any that make fun of movies please tell me. . also any movies that make fun of movie that are already relesed tell me aboiut also please.
Do you mean that you also want to know about parodies/spoofs from years back? I don't know many of the newer ones, but I have a lot of old favorites:. Airplane!. Airplane! 2: The Sequel. Hot Shots. Hot Shots: Part Deux. Top Secret!. Fatal Instinct . Repossessed. National Lampoon's Loaded Weapon 1. The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!. The Naked Gun 2?: The Smell of Fear. Naked Gun 33?: The Final Insult. Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood . . These target a genre, meaning that they don't always spoof specific films but might focus on one or more:. VAMPIRES. Once Bitten. Love at First Bite. Dracula: Dead & Loving It. Love Bites~with Adam Ant. My Best Friend Is a Vampire. . MISCELLANEOUS. Robin Hood: Men in Tights.  History of the World: Part I. Blazing Saddles~Westerns . High Anxiety~Alfred Hitchcock films. Zorro: The Gay Blade~Zorro movies. Student Bodies~teen slasher/stalker films. Pandemonium (1982)~teen slasher/stalker films. Spaceballs~science fiction, especially "Star Wars". Young Frankenstein~Universal's Frankenstein films ("Frankenstein", "Bride of Frankenstein" and "Son of Frankenstein")~~This is one of the best parodies ever made!. Johnny Dangerously~Warner Bros.'s gangster films of the '30s and '40s. Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid~The film uses clips from film noir so that Steve Martin interacts with Humphrey Bogart and others in b&w films.
How can I add new movies to iTunes, without deleting my old ones?
For Christmas, I got a new iPod classic and I added three movies and all my songs. Then my computer crashed, and nothing was left on my iTunes. I bought another movie, and tried to add it to my iPod, but it said "In Order to add the movie to this iPod, you must link this iPod with this iTunes library. Doing this will remove three movies from this iPod" is it possible to have all of them? Please help if possible, thank you!.
How long does it take for a new movie to come on to netflix dvd. And are the new movies dvd or instant.?
My cosin says netflix takes forever to get a new movies on dvd. How long dose it really take. Also r the new movies dvd or instant..
What is a good movie like the new nightmare on em street, new movies?
Im looking for a good movie that i havnt seen before and i have seen alot o movies, lik the remake of the nightmare on elm street, i like new movies not old ones and something good but i cant seem to find anything that i havnt seen before..
skyline it's a good thriller and a sci fi, it's comming out nov. 12. 2010 you have to watch it, i got my tickets already.
How do they get brand new movies on Peekvid?
I'm in love with Peekvid!  You can watch all kinds of movies from your computer for free. New ones still in the theatre and old ones.  My question is, where do they get these movies?.
What are some new movies you would suggest watching?
I need some new movies to watch:) i like action movies basically, im looking forward to watching Abduction, Super 8, Cowboys vs Aliens, Planet of the Apes, and i just watched the Twilight series. Just so you get an idea of what i like, so what would you suggest watching?.
transformer,matrix,terminator,fantastic 4,
How do can i download and burn new movies into a black CD?
My cousian downloaded some type of converter and downloades and converts the movie and downloades it into a blank cd.. but i wanna know how to do it or if theres anouther way to do it . i dont wanna pay or anything i just want to downloade movies idk if ther new or old onto a black cd..
to download you will need utorrent and to convert and burn movies you may want to use ConvertX and you will find that once you learn how to use torrents
How frequently does Netflix add new movies to its library?
I was wondering how frequently Netflix adds new movies to its library. I am talking in particular its digital library in which you can instantly watch them on your computer or tv..
They usually update it every Friday
Do you like to watch new movies or movies that you have already seen?
It's like, if someone pays for us to go out or my girlfriend absolutely demands we go see a new movie, I won't watch a new movie. In other words, I don't watch new movies on TV just the ones I've seen already. IS that normal or am I weird?.
Wtf, lol, that is odd. I mean, sure, if it's an awesome Movie I wouldn't MIND seeing it quite a few times, but I'd much rather see a movie I hadn't seen before.
What are some new disney channel movies/shows coming out this year?
I didn't watch the new years thing a few months back, and I don't watch disney much. But what new movies are coming out? Along with shows?.
Cars 2. Winnie The Pooh
What are some really funny movies that are new ?
My friend is over and we're gonna watch some movies online . What are some really funny new movies ? Nothing cheesy or dumb . Like realllllyyyyyy funny , almost to the point where you get stomache cramps . You know what I mean , funny movies !.
PINEAPPLE EXPRESS!!  I've seen it twice and died laughing both times.
What recent new movies are good to watch?
Me and my friend wanna go watch a couple new or recent movies,. so any suggestions?. movies that are in theaters please :).
Paranormal activity. Zombieland.  Splinterheads .  Oy Vey! My Son is Gay! .  Collapse .  Men Who Stare at Goats
Where can I browse an entire list of new movies that is regularly updated?
No one suggest omen because it's horrible I used to be able to browse new movies on it but recently they changed the site. . . I just want to be able to browse new movies that are coming to DVD out in cinema right now and coming soon all in one place..
Does anybody know good websites for torrent downloads of new movies?
I have a mac and I got transmission to download torrents. Does anybody know where a great place to download torrents is? I want a place with good quality, and gets new movies really fast. Please do not post websites that don't work or websites that have bad quality torrents. Thanks?.
What is the best site to watch new movies ?
I don't want to sign up, download or take any surveys. I want to watch new movies like letters to Juliet, Sorority row, Leap year, the hang over and the new Alice in Wonderland.
Where can i watch free new movies online?
What is a website that i can watch free movies online like new releases of movies?I'll give best answer,Thanks..
Some of my purchased iTunes movies don't appear on my new computer?
I bought a few movies on an old computer from iTunes. Now, on my new computer, only two of them appear. I authorized the account. & When I want to buy new movies, it still shows some recommendations based on the movies that are missing..
There is an option in iTunes that says "check for available downloads." I'm not sure which submenu it's under but that will check to see if your computer has downloaded all of your purchases.
What are the best websites where i can watch new movies?
i was research and thought that u might be able to help i want 2 know the best movies for watching new movies?.
What can I do or use to keep my movies/games feeling and looking like new?
I love my Blu-Ray movies and my PS3 games, and I try my best to keep them looking like new, feeling like new, and keep that new-movie, new-video game smell. What's the best way to keep them like looking, smelling, and feeling like new? Put them in bags? Sandwich bags? Food storage bags? A shoe box? I hate that been-around feeling on a movie/video game case!.
Always keep your movies/games in the proper casing. Don't let them in direct sunlight and dust off the casings. You may need to use a cleaning agent to keep them in good working condition.
Where can I watch New Movies on line free without downloading?
I want to watch certain new movies on my home computer. Where online can I do this free without downloading?.
What are the hottest new movies in Latin America?
Titanic.
What is the average time that new movies are put in REDBOX?
There is four movies coming out tomorrow and I really want them. I need to get there first otherwise they won't be there as they are really popular. What is the average time that someone puts new movies in the redbox? Thank you..
I am wanting to know the same thing! There are some major movies coming out tomorrow. But what I'm dying to know is if they consider "tomorrow" midnight? If so I want to go down tonight after the OSU Texas game and get them. Let me know if you find out.
how do i download new movies to my sony viao labtop for FREE?
does any know where i could go to get some free movie downloads or free software to download new released movies, what about free mp3 download sites too? any one know where i could go to get the hook up for free movies to burn on a dvd?.
What are some suspensful movies that are new to watch?
I am having a party and we are going to watch scary movies but I want suspense movies. I need to know at least 5-10 suspenful and NEW movies that I can watch.. Thnks.
On airplanes do they provide recently new movies on the televisions?
I am going to Philippines airline international and i have kids and i wanted to know if they have recently new movies, like the ones that came out in the past few months on the televisions in the airplane?.
Where can i go to watch new online movies for free?
Looking for a site to watch new movies online for free.. Any Suggestions?.
Any good and new movies coming out that you guys recommend?
im planning to go watch some new movies...maybe..Leap Year, When in Rome, The spy next door, etc...i don't know which movie i should watch. Has anyone watched any new and good movies lately?. thanks.
I just watched Book of Eli on PMT. It was pretty good!
Whats the best way watch new movies on the internet for free?
What software do I need to see new movies that are still in theaters?.
Watch new movies without having to download?
I want to watch some new movies online that just came out but I don't want to download anything on my computer. Does anyone know where I can just watch new movies for free? Thanks in advance!.
What's a good website to watch free new movies on?
I want to watch free new movies online & i can't find any good websites to watch them on. Can you please provide a link?.
Are there any new or any good movies based on The Russian Revolution and Key figures?
Preferably I need a new movie but any good old movies would work as well. The Key figures should include the main one's like Stalin, Nicholas I and Rasputin. Please provide any opinion or recommendations on which I should see ?.
Nicholas and Alexandra. Reds(based on the book Ten Days that Shook the World). . There's also a French film about Rasputin that I watched long back. Translated as "I killed Rasputin" I think. Wasn't overtly impressed with that.
Where can I download new movies that haven't even hit the market yet like Iron Man 2?
I want to watch some of the new movies like Iron Man 2 but they arent on the market yet. Does anybody know a good website where I can do this for free?.
Where can i watch new movies online for free?
I don't think you can do that. It is against the law.
Where can i watch new movies for free online?
My friend gave me a site to watch new released movies in the theatres on a web site for free. I lost it though. Anybody have a link?.
How do I watch new movies online for free?
What site can I watch new movies for free like Green Lantern or Bad Teacher?
I need a site where I can watch new movies online for free without needing a credit card..
Need a new site to watch movies online?
Up until recently, I always used 10starmovies to watch movies online, but the owner was an idiot and dedicated the site to just movie reviews.  I need a site where I can just watch old and new movies online.  No download, no viruses, just good 'ol (free) online movies..
Where can I find a site to download new movies?
Where can I download new movies, to copy to a DVD , and play in my DVD player?.
Is there any good websites for new movies coming out?
Just like websites that can give me information about new movies coming out. :).
New movies on Betamax and other vintage formats?
How come a small quantity of all the new movies aren't still released on the old vintage technology? It would be awesome to watch Transformers on Betamax or even VHS for pete's sake! The latest album on cassette or 8 track would also be a good idea. I think there would be a good market for something like this. What do you think?.
i think it would b kool i still hve a 8mm player nd projector nd camera and a beta recorder player a 8 track and a casset player also i hve a vcr please bring em bak there is nuffn betta than beta
New movies filmed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana or surrounding area?
I am a young actor looking for new movies or projects set to be filmed this summer or fall. I would love information on casting calls, auditions, etc. I would also love to hear useful and helpful advice. Thanks. Any comments will be appreciated..
Haha im a young model from that area!=]
Where can I watch new movies online for free?
What are some good sites  to watch new movies online for free and in good quality?.
where can I watch new movies online free?
I know of a couple sites but not all the videos are clear. I'm just wondering if anyone knows of a site that has new up to date movies online for free, with out taking their surveys or downloading their crap to verify that you did it.. I just want to watch a new movie in peace lol thanks if you can help if not its cool!.
What site shows free new online movies?
I wanted to watch some new movies like bruno and before i self destruct but i wanna watch them free lol (cheap i know) does anyone have any suggestions on some sites?.
Will I get caught watching new movies online for free?
The federal government has made viewing movies online more stricter and scarier. They have deleted some site where you can go and watch new movies online for free, and some of the sites when you go in there is government warning that pops up. Although there are still some sites that are still open I am too scared to watch the movies in them. Is there anyway I can watch them without getting caught?.
FUCK YEAH!. The FBI is gonna get after you and you will get wanted all over town .
Are there any websites out there that will allow me to stream new movies for free (at theater) on line?
What is a good site to watch new movies on?
I want to watchnew new movies, but i dont know any. So it will be a great help if someone could tell me some good sites that you dont have to sign up for, download, and have good sound and grapghics. please and thank you.
You can do it on Amazon if you upgrade your account.
What are some new movies that are great for 16 year olds?
Okay! My friend and I are having a movie night and we need a movie really bad! We prefer no scary movies :) We're a bunch of scaredy cats! But anyways.. Yeah. We need a movie that's new new new! Not Twilight! Don't get me wrong! I love Twilight but there will be guys too! And they don't.. So yeah. Actually if you can tell me like a comedy/romance that would be FANTASTIC!! Thanks in advance! . . ~Katherine.
Sydney White. Pride and Prejudice. What A Girl Wants. How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days. Made of Honor. 27 Dresses. She's The Man. 50 First Dates. A Walk To Remember. Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist. The Notebook. 10 Things I Hate About You. Mean Girls. Slumdog Millionaires. Just Like Heaven. The Prince and Me. 10 Going on 30. She's All That. Maid in Manhattan. First Daughter. The Family Stone. Chasing Liberty. Hitch. Wedding Crashers. My Best Friend's Wedding. The Wedding Planner. Kate and Leopold. While You Were Sleeping. The Devil Wears Prada. Monster-In-Law
What's a good website to watch new movies for free?
I'm trying to find one of those websites that has bootleg or good versions of new release movies that are in theaters to watch for free..
why netflix video is not shipping new movies on my top list?
its not shipping the new movies on my top list queue. . when i called the agent .They tell like they will mail the new one to those who rent less in month. . what is this?do u have any problems with netflix?.
I've been a member for 8 years or so. True, the folks who rent less have priority.  My parents really like that feature.. . I've had no problems with Netflix, although actually getting a Customer Care Rep can be difficult.  . . Attend to your queue and put your most wanted films on top.  Then, always push the new releases to the very top.   Therefore, when they send new releases to someone else, your next in line may be the one you really want.  This strategy has worked well for me.
Why can't i find new good movies on the premium movie channels like i could before?
New movies just seem to never be on and its seem like a miss a whole lot..
It's that time of year. not alot is released in january-march for good movies.  So there aren't very many blockbusters showing up right now on dvd and premium cable. Soon enough the good stuff will start flowing in again.
where can I find new movies in English with English subtitles?
i need a page where u can watch english movies with english subtitles. . new movies, seen by everyone ! or interesting movies! :D. thanks ! id be so glad for ur help.!. free ones! .
What TV Shows and Movies were/are filmed in New York?
I am doing a presentation on New York, and one of my topics is to talk about what tv shows/movies are filmed in New York. Could someone please give me a [long] list of them (fairly new movies and tv shows] Thanks a lot!!.
Film. The Devil Wears Prada starring Anne Hathaway. Devil You Know starring Lena Olin, Rosamund Pike. The Good Shepherd starring Matt Damon, Robert DeNiro, Angelina Jolie. Griffin & Phoenix starring Dermot Mulrooney, Amanda Peet. Hoax starring Richard Gere and Alfred Molina. Little Children starring Kate Winslet, Jennifer Connelley. Margaret starring Matt Damon, Mark Ruffalo, Anna Paquin. Fast Track starring Zach Braff and Amanda Peet. All Fall Down starring Anthony LaPaglia and Isabella Rossellini. Diggers starring Paul Rudd. . . Television. The Sopranos. Law and Order. Rescue Me. Hope and Faith. Judge Hatchett. The View. Guiding Light. As the World Turns. All My Children. What Not to Wear
Where can I watch new movie trailers for movies that haven't come out yet?
Where can I watch new movie trailers for movies that haven't come out yet?.
What are some really famous movies that I can make a parody of (preferably new-ish)?
I need some decently new movies that are really famous and I can make a parody of. Inception, Avatar, and Paranormal activity are all good examples. Please provide as many options as you can. The person with the most good answers gets best answer. Some movies can also be kinda old like Scarface, or James bond, or something. Just some really famous movies that everyone knows and that I can make a parody of..
Black Swan. Tron. The fighter. The girl with the dragon tattoo. 127 hours. Inception. The social network
Create an array containing the titles of five new movies. Use this array as a data source for a drop down?
I need a program to Create an array containing the titles of five new movies. Use this array as a data source for a drop down list and display the selected movie title to the user when the user clicks submit button using HTML and Javascript......
Where can I download new movies online for free?
Where can I download new released movies for free without using any torrents and no viruses?.
why do they release new movies on holidays?
Maby its just me, but like i see a lot of new movies comming out on theaters and it says they come out on thanksgiving, or christmas, ect. . so my question is, if most people are gunna be at home and not at the theater, why would they come out then?.
Because not everybody celebrates these holidays, and some people like to do other things too. I celebrate Christmas but I have been going on with a tradition for the past 12 yrs to go to the movies on Christmas night, something to do to wind down from being with the family all day, from openning presents and eating a lot of food, lol
What Wrestler should play a Terminator in the New Movies.?
There are gonna be new Terminator Movies coming out!. . What Wrestler would be great at being a deadly Killing Machine..
Okay I have said it this way before. The first terminator was a bodybuilder. The second one was a normal man. The third one was a good looking chick. So the fourth has to be a midget. Either Swaggle or Mysterio
What is a great website that i can find new movies in theaters and the dates of movies going to video?
I want to see dates of new releases. Like when a movie is going to video, on what date.  The website needs to be updated on a daily basis..
What are some new movies on Netflix that you can watch instantly?
Please don't give me movies that you have to get on dvd only movies you can watch instantly..and only newer movies not old. thanks..
Have they ruined The Chipmunks by making all these crappy new CGI movies?
It's nothing but a bunch of money-making scam. Everytime a new movies comes out they have to have those stupid toys at McDonald's. I was talking to a guy at the book store about it who has some old Chipmunks albums from the 60s. He says he hates the new Chipmunks. I liked the 80s Alvin and the Chipmunks that was on Nickelodeon in the 90s..
What are some good NEW movies to rent at Blockbuster?
I am going to blockbuster tonight. I love horror movies. I am thinking of renting The Happening because it just came out. What new movies preferably horror movies have came out in the past 2 weeks that would be worth renting and watching? Thanks :).
I know it's not horror but I rented Baby Mama and I laughed so hard. It is such a funny movie.
where can i find new movies online?
I can find cam copies of movies but quality is terrible. I want a place to download movie screeners of all the new movies released in theaters..
Does Heath Ledger have any new movies coming out soon?
I just watched "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus" and Heath Ledger was amazing in it. Does he have any other new movies coming out soon?.
I think that was his last one
New movies to watch in theaters or on dvd?
My boyfriend and I wanna download some new movies to watch. Preferably comedy or horror movies. Any suggestions?.
Final Destination 3D. District 9
I need some new movies and songs on my iPod?
I need to buy some new songs and movies. I look at the top things on iTunes but some of them are really bad or I already have them..
albums: departure recharged by jesse mccartney. unbreakable by backstreet boys. road to revolution by lnikin park. showbiz by muse. black hole and revalations by muse. twilight soundtrack by various artists. fearless by taylor swift. breakout by miley cyrus. movies: another cinderella story. the spirit. keith. . . just look through the movies on itunes and pick whatever u want.
Why was the only good Villain the joker in the new Batman movies?
I'm a Big comic book movie fan I know two face was in the dark knight but wasn't in till the end of the movie. Why know riddler or penguin? Why Bane if you ever read any of the Batman comics he is a little man that has stuff pump in him. He has never bet batman. And now they are going to have him bet Batman in the new movie that is a dumb way to end this series..
First think you should understand Nolan's films does not strictly follow Comics. As for The Riddler idea I'd like to see him if Johhny Depp was playing it, but now I think of it... I'm more happy they did not Riddler would look too similar to The Joker in a movie (Purple Coat/Green Coat, Psycho guy leaving trails for next crime) & for Penguin I find it hard a suited middle age man looking menacing enough to threaten The Dark Knight. on the other hand if you look at Tom Hardy as Bane in the trailer, He visually looks bloody menacing & an ultimate threat to the Batman if you ask me. So I'm glad they went that way.. . In the End, I'd ask you to keep faith on the genius of Christopher Nolan who took Gay Batman to todays The Dark Knight. That bloke knows what works & he does it well.
Where can i download new movies in my psp?
I have a psp 3000 and i need to know a website where i can download new movies for free. I live in Saudi Arabia so some websites are blocked. i need a website which is not blocked in this country..
Try this sites...
Suggest some new good movies to rent?
Every Thursday I rent a movie and watch it with my boyfriend. Any new movies you've seen lately that are good. Lots of suggestions wanted!.
Shudder Island is on instant play..that was pretty good. Amalie is sooo good and sweet.. 13 Tzemeti (not on instant). Outsourced. Neverwas. Greenfingers. On A Clear Day. Once. Away We Go. Shrink. The Informant. Burn after reading. Hunger. Adaptation. Across the universe
What new movies do you guys recommend?
We are having a bunch of girls over at our house tonight and I need some movie ideas! I want to rent a few DVD's..so which (preferably new) movies do you guys think are good that a bunch of girls would like? THANKS SO MUCH!.
i dunno take some comedy or drama or something. . . . . . . . . . . . . some crap like that
Historic births and new movies between May 1 and July 31 1993?
I need to know a few historic births and new movies between May 1 and July 31 1993.  The closer the date is to June 30, the better..
check google on celebrity births
Should i watch the rest of the pirates of the Caribbean movies before i watch the new 1?
i don't watch movies a lot so i haven't watched the rest of the pirates of the Caribbean movie(s) not sure how many, i all ready reserved seats for the new movie so im kind of regretting thinking maybe i was supposed to watch the rest of the series first, so should i watch those first then at the movies? SInce sometimes you don't understand the next movie in a series if you haven't seen the 1 before you know what i mean?.
The fourth one is hardly intertwined with the original trilogy at all. You'll understand practically everything, even if you haven't seen the first three. However, I recommend seeing the first three as they are great movies.
Are there any new movies coming out that I can audition for?
Are there any new movies that a 12-14 year old girl can audition for, I'm mostly looking for fun, exciting big-screen, good movies that I can audition for the lead, or a re-occuring character in the movie. THANK-YOU!! :) Or any agents I can sudition for, either is fine, I have a resume if you're wondering..
You need to get a agent. Your agent will get you auditions. If you go to an audition without having an agent you'll look unprofessional and you won't get the part
This is with reference to the new movies being produced and directed. Is it not worth meeting these artistes p?
This is with reference to the new movies being produced and directed and exhibited in the theaters. Is it not worth meeting them personally rather than going for movies and paying huge amounts on tickets ?. . KUMARON KA KUMAR.
Its upto you whether your want to meet celebrities or not.
Why do some people think that all old movies are superior to new movies?
not all new movies are bad and not all old movies are great.. . I've seen some of the cheesiest old movies that I imagine were even forgettable then. Why do people think that just because a movie is old that some how makes it automatically a great film?.
Yeah, I know what you mean, but I can't tolerate watching black & white movies. I don't know why, I just can't sit there and watch them.. lol
Where can i watch new movies online for free at?
I know there is program's out there were you can download movies an watch them while downloading them i just haven't came across one yet that work's, if i anybody will please give me the website or anything etc. about how an where to watch free new movies at i'll choose you as the best answer thanks..
What kind of 3D glasses are needed for the new tru 3D movies?
Like for the new movie Monsters VS Aliens. Are they polarized or something else? Also does anybody know where to get some? Any help is appreciated, thanks!.
where can i download good versions of new movies to the zune?
i need a website to download new movies but have to b in mp4 form..
What are some web sites where I can watch new movies/TV shows for free without having to download programs?
I need a few web sites where I can watch new movies or TV shows for free without signing up.  Ones with good quality and ones where I don't have to download something to be able to see it. :]. And I mean WHOLE movies. I'm not talking about YouTube.  YouTube shows peices of things.  . Again: WHOLE MOVIES..
Why are most new movies released in theatres on fridays?
When im watching TV i see a trailer for a new movie. And it says it will be in theatres friday. Ive seen so much trailers and they all say IN THEATRES FRIDAY. So why do most new releases are released on fridays?.
What are some popular new movies out on dvd?
I would just like to know a few. okay.. well thanks :))) if they are good movies i'd like that and i'd also like it if well... youu know are popular and stuff and are new and on dvd thanks :)).
New in town.........Bride Wars.......Curiouse Case of Benjamin Button.....Taken.......Marley and Me.......Underworld...i've seen all of these and they are all really good movies. Taken and Bride Wars were my favoire. Also "Hes just not that into you" will be coming out soon and it is very good. Hope this helps.
does anyone know free websites that i can watch new movies on?
How to download new movies, for FREE?
I want to download movies, but i been having trouble. Theres never new ones, or the site makes you pay. Please help? Are there any good sites?.
What site can I download new, in the theaters now , movies ?
I am looking for web site that will either play or let you download new movies , that are still in the theaters.? Thank you.
how to download new movies and games faster?
i want to download new movies of 2010 but the speed of torrent is very slow to download the movies. so please suggest me another way to downlaod movie faster..
What are some good new movies to get on my iPod Nano?
I want to rent a good new movie on iTunes, witch one should I get?.
27 Dresses. Across The Universe. Made of Honor. Fool's Gold. John Tucker Must Die
How can I download Fresh Movies From internet?
I want to download different type flash shown on web sites . Like:- Yahoo adds, YouTube video and stuff like that.
where to see fresh upcoming online movies trailers ?
hi does any body knows where i can see fresh online movies trailers except youtube because most of them are fake even when the movie not released.
What movies are normal to see with a fresh, new girlfriend?
I just wonder, because i would like to ask my new girlfriend out for a "date", or more like a day together. i've heard about that girls loves to watch movies at the cinema. What type of movie should i try to find? Crime (ehm, no?!), romantic movies (there are few romantic movies in my area). what about action, comedy or something like that? If you can help me, i would be very happy, Thanks in advance!.
Movies are usually a bad idea for first/early dates because they don't give you two interactive time to get to better know each other.  Leave the movies for later.  Take her out to do something that's fun, that you legitimately enjoy doing and would do regardless if she were coming along.  Do you like rock climbing?  Go Karting?  Roller Blading?  Do something active.. . Later you can pull out the notebook or an adam sandler comedy, girls love that stuff
Why American movie is more attractive than Fresh and British movies ?Can you explain pleas?
. Why American movie is more attractive. more entertaining,. More convincing. Moat teenagers of the world like American movie style..
movies at fresh meadows?
i need to know if baby mama is gonna play at fresh meadows movie theatre today and if it is what times does it start how long is it.
Why is it that on rottentomatoes Every Original Movie has a fresh rating and every Remake has a rotten rating?
Unless you know of any Original/Remake movies where the original has a rotten rating or the remake has a fresh rating. This is the case with . Friday the 13th . Halloween . the texas chainsaw massacre . a nightmare on elm street. the last house on the left. clash of the titans. OK, maybe they liked The Karate Kid Remake, but generally in most cases it seems like Remakes are hated..
because most remake movies SUCK!  at least 7 out of every 10 remake i've seen have been a waste of my 2 hrs.
What are the best 5 indie movies you have ever seen?
I am really into well made independent movies, I find their plot much more compelling than most Hollywood movies and most of their ideas are fresh. . . Movies under this category that I adore include: Memento, Amelie,  Leon, Monty Python and the Holy Grail (a bit old I know), Pulp Fiction, and Kill Bill..
Being John Malkovich. Roger & Me. Blood Simple. Lone Star. Clerks
What are some movies you can watch over and over and over? Like every couple years, and you NEVER tire of it?
There are some movies that no matter how many times I see them, I always cry my eyes out or laugh my butt off.. . A really good movie is fresh every time you see it - well, with some time in between viewings, of course.. OH YEAH, Zoolander -- I'm on the floor laughing so much I'm crying!!. Wowie, I can't believe that some of you have some of the same "over and over" favorites as me. I'm embarrassed to admit some of the movies I can watch over and over -- like "The Hot Chick" is just SOOOOOOOO cheesy, but Rob Schneider is just hilarious. And I like Finding Nemo too! Even though it's corny - I really liked it! And I must have seen The Breakfast Club a hundred times.... . Some of my favorites are "oldies but goodies" like All of Me (Steve Martin and Lily Tomlin), Paper Moon (Ryan and Tatum O'neal -- I must've seen that movie a million times), and of course every single Christmas I cry my eyeballs out watching "It's a Wonderful Life", and I've seen To Kill a Mockingbird a hundred times and ALWAYS cry....also "Slingblade" with Billy Bob Thornton....
Shrek 2, The Hot Chick, Van Wilder, Ella Enchanted.... . Light, feel-good movies like those.
What are some movies that got good reviews from critics (98%-100% fresh in Rotten Tomatoes)?
"The Wrestler" is still in theaters.. . (Wow, >= 98%!?!  You have high standards.). . EDIT:  Just did some looking up.  Some other movies +97% that I think deserved it...(Post -1990 only).... . "The Fog of War". "Toy Story 2". "The Sweet Hereafter". "LA Confidential". "Hoop Dreams". "Husbands and Wives". "One False Move". "Glengarry, Glen Ross". "Boyz In the Hood"
any movie producers on here looking for fresh new ideas for movies?
Nope no one is looking for fresh ideas that's why we are stuck with choices like comic book: The movie, Old tv show : The movie and Movie : The remake.. Please help them we need new material in the air.
What is your favorite genre of music, movies, and food?
60's to 80's Country music. Western movies. Anything fresh, I'm starting to lean toward vegetarian..
hip hop, pop. romance/chick flicks. pastas
How do i keep movie-theater popcorn fresh and crisp?
I have pop-corn from the movie and i wanna keep it fresh and crisp without taking it out of the container thing(I get the large so i can refill it after the show, but I'm not so hungry tonight). How can I do that? (Tin foil, Saran Wrap, ect.).
Stick a piece of bread in the container w/ the popcorn. The bread will absorb any moisture and keep the popcorn crispy.
going to the movies tonight, wanna fresh makeup look?
Where to download some amateur adult movies?
I am tired of watching professional and industrial adult movies, I need a fresh website which can contain amateur little teeny adult movies for download.. Thanks..
Anyone know a good movie I could watch based on my favorite movies?
Something that's like these movies.. 1. Fresh (1994). 2. Dirty Pretty Things (2002). 3. The Secret Garden (1993). 4. The Taste of Tea (2004). 5. The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane (1976). 6. Only Yesterday (1991). 7. The Quiet American (2002).
Eve and the Fire Horse
Do fresh faces (teens) ever get picked to be in big movies?
If your an upcoming actress or actor with little to no experience id their any chance that you could make it into a movie in . a) A open casting call  or...... b) A sent in resume, headshot, demo cd and cover letter?.
NAME your top ten movies of all time --please give your age,gender & country if not U S A .?
Has Ashley banks played in any shows or movies besides Fresh Prince.?
Why does Fresh cry at the end of the movie "Fresh"?
I saw the movie fresh, and I don't understand why he cried, and it juts ended like that.  and isn't he afraid he'll get a hit on him or something?.
Ok, so we see in the movie that during one of his chess lectures with his father, Fresh conceives the daring scheme that he happens to pull off perfectly at the end. Chances are if he's going to testify against his former drug dealing boss/mentor Esteban, he and his sister will be moved and put into Witness Protection. When he sits at the end playing chess with his father, it's a revelation of Freedom. Sad about his Friend and kiddie crush being murdered, but yet relieved that he and his older sister will be getting a chance to live better lives. That would make anyone cry, plus remember, he's just 12. Everything he did to get to that point was brilliant but audacious.
Ideas? Need musical plays/movies to do in horse theater. Have done many but need fresh ones. any thoughts?
I do an equestrian theater and we ride dressage for short individual plays in a single show. All have music (words good). We've done Phantom of the Opera, disney (snow white, Pocohantas, Sleeping Beauty...) Moulin Rouge, Belly dancing, Lone Ranger, Indians, Musketeers, Robin hood, Unicorn, Zorro, Spanish rides, Pirates, and many others. I need new ideas to do. Movies, plays, or themes will do. thanks.
Grease. Bye Bye Birdie. Hairspray. Footloose. The Lion King. Any Disney Princess Movie. Oklahoma. Wicked. Seusical. The Wizard of Oz
why some movie that have fresh review and considered positive reviews often receive low gross revenue?
I see some movie that is good, often have gross revenue lower than the budget, why that happens?.
I guess the movie is just not mainstream enough or it doesn't appeal to a wider range of audiences.. Although the movie may be good, not many people would queue up to watch it.. Even if it may have been marketed well enough, the whole family may not be watching it.
Can some one give me movies similar to 500 days of summer?
cool movies fresh ,, make you feel good and relive ...
Juno. Lars & The Real Girl. Little Miss Sunshine. The Savages. Gigantic
How do you fight off someone who tries to get fresh with you?
I don't like going to the movies with guys because in afraid they will try to get fresh with me. So in that kind of situation, how would I fight a guy off when he does that?.
Punch him in the balls.  It's a guys weak spot
Does anyone have any Hard evidence to suggest that George Lucas is Planning to make all New Star Wars movies?
It has been ages since a fresh new star wars movies was released are there any new stories on the way?.
How does this thesis about michael moore movies sound?
Throughout Michael Moore?s movies he positions the audience against the American Government. In the movies Moore uses such discourses as family and educational and healthcare, which are very important to all individuals. The purpose of his movies is to persuade an audience therefore he uses the information he collected, interviews, speeches and music in order to position the audience and prove his point. Many believe that Michael Moore hates America, however I believe that like many other celebrities, he uses the media to demonstrate that there is much more room for improvement in America. The way that Moore films his movies is very original, comical and fresh, thus reaching a bigger audience and making boring issues more interesting hence more people are aware of American ?faults?..
i wouldn't say that he's against the government in general, just when it's screwing up stuff. it's because he cares about america that he wants us to know all this so we can make a change for the better.
Did you notice that some of the greatest movies are the ones that aren't popular at all? Plus Bonus Question?
I've noticed that more than once. I just finished watching the movie, "This is My Life" with Julie Kavner & Samantha Mathis. It was sooo good!!! It was a breath of fresh air.  . . BQ: What movie did you really like that wasn't popular?.
Office Space  (I saw it BEFORE it became huge). I am David. Dear Frankie. SOMETHING NEW. Under the Same Moon (La Luna Misma). Highwayman. Carolina. Bride and Prejudice. Triumph of Love. Til' There Was You. The Upside of Anger. Far Away Home. Long Way Round. An Unfinished Life. If Only. Trapped in Paradise. CAKE. ROMANCING THE BRIDE. The Thing Called Love. LOVE COMES SOFTLY series. Scoop. Space Cowboys. Everything You Want. Wedding Daze. Just Desserts. I Capture the Castle. The Librarian. FREEDOM WRITERS. Sweet Land. Around the Bend. The Astronaut Farmer. Survival Quest. Smile. Waitress. Picadilly Cowboy. Wedding Bell Blues. Love Wrecked. Blue Smoke. Montana Sky. Carolina Moon. Angels Fall. Opal Dreams
How do you keep your relationship fun/fresh/interesting and keep new conversation coming in?
Been married for 5 years, have 1 child-love life but want to do something fun and out of the box (no dirty answers please) with my husband. dinners out and movies are fine, but a bit boring. I was thinking a class or learning something but I can't think of anything good. Or something else, obviously I don't know what b/c I can't think of it. That's why I need help. Any help or fresh ideas appreciated so much! Thanks..
After 12 years of marriage, we still chase each other like we are dating.. Our son is 8 and we involve him as much as possible.. We have not become bored of each other not yet
who is pornstar that is in movie "fresh married teensex"?
you serious? she looks so fake, that's not beautiful.
What movies are there where people physically burn money?
I'm looking for a movie where people purposely burn money so they can stay warm? . . There was also a fresh prince of bel air episode where this happened..
Ice (1998 TV movie). IMDb synopsis:. After the whole North of the Equator freezes below zero, a group of people in Los Angeles risk their lives while trying to "escape" from the city's hostile conditions, in order to take a ship to a hotter place on Earth.. . That's the only one that comes to mind now. I think they take shelter in a bank, where they build a fire using paper currency.
Please can you guide me to solve my problem during burning disc. I tried to put or burn my data like movies, p?
Please can you guide me to solve my problem during burning disc. I tried to put or burn my data like movies, photos, movie maker in DVD format. It accepts the command and begins the process to burn disc. After completing certain percentage of burning process the system gets held and burning process also stops completely. The CD also after burning certain percentage is still fresh and unburned. Also I need to RESTART my pc again. Kindly forward me some guideline to solve this problem..
what would call the style from shows like fresh prince?
It was that late 80s-90s hip-hop type stuff from the Fresh prince,House Party(movie).A different world(tv show) loud colors and things like that. What would you call that style and where can I find more information about it?.
is there any websites where you can watch new movies that are in the theater????
Isn't that illegal?
Movie theater popcorn smell or fresh cut grass on a baseball field?
Or perhaps a rose? Which do you prefer..
movie theater pop corn for SURE!
Is anyone going to see Bold and Fresh this weekend?
I am going, and I am just as excited. I've been to a tea party, and it was so incredible. I work in a city with lots of liberals, so I forget that there are so many people like me. I am sick of walking on egg shells around whimpy liberals who can't handle simple debate. They always end up screaming and chanting their talking points.. . Why can't any liberals have a civil discussion?. . Anyway, enjoy! I know I will.
What tv shows do you think they should make into movies?
I      think   these    tv    shows    should    be    movies. .   1.     The    Fresh    Prince   Of    Bel   Air.   2.   Step    By    Step.   3.   Family   Matters.   4.    Perfect    Strangers.    5.    Saved   By   The   Bell.    and   6.    Home   Improvement.
Fresh Prince and Good Times
Are movie makers running out of fresh ideas?
Come on - how many more movies can they make with the same tired themes:  people who are used to living in the city have to 'rough it' in the country or on a farm;  man's wife or family gets murdered so he decides to take the law in his own hands and pursue the criminal himself;  teacher from out of town goes to inner city to try to get troubled students to study and carve out their future......
There are people out there making original movies.  They are usually indie movie makers though.  The major movie makers try to make movies that can appeal to the largest number of people for the lowest amount of money.  That is one reason why they like to do remakes.  They already know the audiences like the subject (even if the movie makers completely botch it they know there will still be a lot of people show up to watch it).  There are lot of cliche movie themes.  You named a few.  Another one is the buddy cop formula.  Another is the futuristic/fantasy one involving a group of rebels taking down the invincible enemy using their wits and a bit of forgotten knowledge.  The ever so popular, criminal on the run hides in an unlikely place (or the version you mentioned people running from criminals hide in an unlikely place).  Awkward teen romance movies (pretty much anything involving that).  Oooh, the psychotic killer taunting a police detective with various clues and so forth and there is a history between them.  That is a good one for them to make a few hundred more times.
What are some good RECENT movies to rent? ?
i am planning a movie night (all girls) and really want to pick the best movies, but I want some fresh ideas. . Thanks!.
Comedy:. -Knocked Up. -Step Brothers. . Love Story:. -PS I Love You. . Drama:. -I Am Legend. -The Happening
How to get fresh breath?
I have braces and i brush my teeth really well and floss and my breath smells bad like 20 minutes after. Gum just covers up the smell it doesn't get rid of it?. and in movies how do they get so close to each other like in kissing scenes and they like breath in each other's face how do they get fresh breath?.
Well you could invest in a tongue scraper it could be from the foods you eat and your tongue is like a sponge, it will grab anything you have in your mouth and keep it there, bacteria forms and now you have a smell.  You should also check with your dentist/hygenist and see if you have a bad tooth.  sometimes it could be something inside your stomach that makes your breath bad as well.  Good Luck!
Why do so many crappy movies get nominated for awards?
The people who do the voting think NOTHING like you and me. They are elitist punks whom usually have had to over-inflate their egos all their film lives, then find themselves picking awards.
How can a fresh from college 3D animation student get into the bizz?
So I just graduated from CNM with a certificate in computer animation, I'm not bad and my teacher said I should look for work right away rather then go get more schooling. Any good tips or help on how to get into the business? I'd really like to do background/prop modeling for either movies or games. Live in new mexico by the way, not much around here for big companies..
I need some ideas for possible movie scripts/ideas for some Porno movies I am going to be filming?
Any ideas on this? I see the usual themes are done in the adult porno movies and I want to provide a fresh approach to filming and producing movies. WHAT subject has not been done in the movies...get creative with your ideas! What would sell? Not the standard crap that is in them..I want to revolutionize the industry....
Well, I've always wanted to see sex in space (weightlessness), and during free fall (skydiving.)  Underwater (scuba) has been done already...  I have yet to see sex while water skiing...  Synchronized group sex would be interesting... you could work it into synchronized swimming for an added twist...  Gymnastics sex would be interesting...  I've always wanted to see a remake of Planet of the Apes done in XXX...  Or make a really good movie with good actors and plot, and have several optional endings where the main characters have explicit sex as the credits roll...  Unfortunately, the user-directed multi-path film has already been done, albeit not with several partners or from the lesbian or gay standpoint... That's all I have... for now.
How to keep cooked popcorn fresh and crunchy if I don't finish eating it?
I keep it in a tight container but that's helping too. Any ideas? We make popcorn for a 4yr old when he is watching a movie. Tha parents don't care about popcorn. We just keep the rest in a container or zip lock but it's not fresh after this..
Interesting - didn't know there was something you can do!!
When is the new dog soldiers movie dog soldiers fresh meat coming out?
Although is was announced that filming would commence in April 2006, by 12 August 2008 information about the film had been removed from various web resources and there was no news of its production status.
What's the best way to keep a used(sliced) tomato fresh?
Ok.. So I have a nice big & juicy vine riped tomato. I cut it in half and use only one half in my patented parmesan spaghetti recipe:). The other half I want to save to use another day. Now, quoting a line from the movie Speed....  What do I do? What... do... I.... do?. I want it to stay fresh but I know refrigeration is out of the question. Is there another way to keep it fresh once it's been cut?.
I do put my tomatos back in the fridge BUT first, I take a paper towel, wet it and wrap the tomato with the wet paper towel.  It will last several days like this.  By wetting the paper towel, the tomato does not dry out.  Do not put it in the coldest area of the fridge because it will freeze with the wet towel on it.  I usually stick it on the main shelf with everything else.
How can I keep my relationship fresh and exciting?
Well, me and my Boyfriend have been dating for almost a year now and we've grown so used to each other we've become a lil bored. We don't have a lot of money so most of the time we just sit around watching movies or end up taking a nap. He recently got a job so we don't spend a good amount of time together like we were. I want to feel like we did when we fist were together. Please help me?.
get some cute outfits and do some role playing.. Keeping a man satisified in the bedroom will do wonders for keeping him happy elsewhere.  If he's a good guy, they he'll come through with things to do or surprise you with.
If you see an overweight person sitting across the mall, is it okay to send a fresh salad anonymously?
as a sign of care or goodwill? I'm thinking of the movies where the man might send the lady a drink if he sees her across the room..
Naughty boy....it's not a sign of goodwill now is it, be honest. . . How would you feel if someone anonymously sent you a toothbrush, or deodorant or a paper bag to cover your head.. . Mind you , how about if you sent them a very large chocolate cake, that might be nice...lol
What are the benefits of going to the zoo vs going to the movies?
Just wondering. So far I've got: exercise and fresh air.. Thanks..
...i haven't been to a zoo in so long...  but i hear it is free admission to get into a zoo...   . . ...and there will be much more of a chance to chat with whoever you are there with... when at a movie you can't talk without being rude to the other movie goers who are trying to watch the movie...
Where can I watch FRESH the movie (2009) for free?
I gotta see this documentary!  help me out! :).
Is there any good movies out lately that make you think about important things?
im tired of stuff i dont have to think about i want something new and fresh.
The Day the Earth Stood Still.  Don't care much for those types of movies, but it makes you think.
Will Will Smith ever play a role as funny as his character in Fresh Prince?
He was so funny in that show. He's been in a lot of funny movies but I think his charcter in that show was priceless. Would he ever play in a funny movie and bring the same comedy as that show?. Deep, What is wrong with you? Fresh Prince happens to be the funniest show ever.. Also I agree that some of his earlier movies were funny but come on Fresh Prince had loads of funny quotes haha. Also I agree that some of his earlier movies were funny but come on Fresh Prince had loads of funny quotes haha.
No, as he is pursuing more "mature" roles
Could someone please help me understand the popularity of the saw movies?
Blood and Gore.
Who thinks that will smith would be better in comedy movies? ?
Will Smith has been doing more non-funny movies starting out with like pursuit of happiness. After that he got into more sophisticated movies like I am Legend [which was amazing]  and Hancock. I loved him in Fresh Prince of Belaire but he is just not doing comedy movies anymore! Dont you think he would be great in a comedy movie?.
Fresh Prince was great.....I think he wanted to shed the image and show us his stuff with the dramatic roles.  I believe he has accomplished that, he has proven himself to be ten fold.. . That being said, yes, I think it is time for him to do a comedy.
What is the name of the Carlton Banks dance on the Fresh Prince?
I've seen the dance done in 80s movies and i know it's an 80s dance.  I've also seen Drew Barrymore do it in an old video when she was a kid...lol...i would really like to know the name of it.. . thanks for any help,. cheers.
Well the song he dances to is It's not Unusual by Tom Jones.  I don't know if there's an actual name to the dance and I was an avid fan of the show for years.  It still cracks me up watching him dance to it.
Why don't zombies in movies eat each other?
They only eat fresh meat, whether that be living or recently slain. But once the body goes cold so does the zombies appetite.
Is a movie with wife and husband that run a fresh fish shop?
What movie has a fish butcher that has a realtor is trying to buy his shop and holds out but sells at the end of the movie and his wife is having an affair with a man that lives with them and works for them and the son figures out his moms having an affair and trys busting them?.
How can I keep myself fresh tomorrow?
Kay, so tomorrow, I have PE (physical education) class at school, which is basically dance at the moment. And then, after school, I have lacrosse for an hour. and then STRAIGHT after that, I've to meet my friends from my primary school for a movie and dinner... . The problem is, that in between these sessions (other than PE - Lacrosse), I can't shower or anything, so I'm scared to kinda show up all sweaty and stuff.. . Any tips for keeping fresh w/o showering between lacrosse and dinner?.
Why do directors and film producers not look for fresh talent?
why do movie producers and directors not look for a fresh face when casting a role? why do they always go back to the actors we've seen 100 times before who's acting ability is questionable. I have a friend that is soo talented but he can't seem to catch a break, and it's a shame because i would compare his talent to people like Johnny Depp or Robert Downey, Jr. I wounder, do you PREFER to see the actors you've seen before??.
It is starting to swing back the other way. I have read several articles recently on the success of movies like 300. They had relatively cheap casts with no "stars" and made a good profit. Most people think that the watchmen will be another example of how story trumps name recognition. Perhaps the days of bad movies staring 20 million dollar stars are coming to an end.
What are your favorite movies?
I'm bored so and want to watch some good movies. I'm fresh out of ideas.. . What movies would you recommend?.
Avatar. The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. Pirates of the Caribbean Movies. Underworld Movies. Terminator Movies. Harry Potter Movies. The Dark Knight, Batman Begins. The Blue Lagoon, Return to the Blue Lagoon. A Walk to Remember. National Treasure Movies
what is the song in the movie CRASH with the lyrics " fresh out da club rollin on dubs"?
id include more lyrics past dubs but i don't know it anyone can help that would be great..
movie writers, fresh out of ideas-or just plane lazy?
Here latly it seems that movies are done after video games or sequals to something else. Some of them are good but the creativety to create a good story on your own seems too much work for hollywood these days. Or is it that no one cares as long as they make a profit. so sad.
There are plenty of original and talented writers and screenplays out there.  Hollywood is just wanting a profit and most major studios are scared to take a chance on the unknown, in turn they stick with the same old formula.  Indie films need financing.
Do you think 3D movies are another Hollywood tool?
To disguise their lack of talent?. I've yet to see one with a fresh story line and clever dialog..
Yes i agree with you, people cant just have a movie these days, for some reason they need 3D just because its something new, and yes its hides their lack of talent by basiclly saying, "we didn't do that good on the movie, but enjoy the really cool effects"
Is there any website where I can see movies?
I mean I know there is, but they change their names and what not from time to time.. So do you maybe know a fresh site?.
Why does TCM only show the very old movies? Why can't they show something 80's and above?
I like the old movies but can't they be mixed up with something fresher?.
I actually saw "On Golden Pond" (1981) and "Unforgiven" (1992) on that channel! So, they don't only show the older ones, but they do it often.. . Anyway TCM is known for showing old movies. Why? I don't know.
Are there any movies about a woman that runs away from her life to start a new one?
Okay I am having to make a music video for a singer. The song is about a woman that leaves her regular life to start a new one. She gets a fresh start. And she is telling everyone of her past to not worry about her. To not try to contact her, to not tell her whats going on..
Breakfast At Tiffany's (1961) -- fits your description the best. Sleeping with the Enemy (1991). Nurse Betty (2000)
does anyone agree with me that 70's and older movies have prettier women then modern ones?
I find the women in these older movies a lot prettier, and was simply wondering if anyone agrees, they seem fresher, more real then the women are nowadays.  I am referring to normal movies as well as pornos..
yes, definitely.
Movies: What are some films that you think deserve more praise?
On a critical level?. . For me it is Watchmen, Natural Born Killers and The Butterfly Effect. Not saying these films were perfect, but some critics were cruel towards them. . Although critics pay no role in what I think of a film, they do play a role in how many people see a film (people may be more likely to choose a 'fresh' film over a 'rotten' film. So... what do you think?. . BQ: Favourite film set in the future?.
Which philosopher/thinker told the people that baths and fresh air would protect them from the Plague?
I was watching a movie in history today, and I forgot the name of this philosopher/thinker. He tried telling people that the you would not be infected by the black plague if you opened windows and had fresh air, took baths, and exercised. He's a well known one, what was his name?!!. Thanks seedz, It was nostradamus!!.
It was Nostradamus.  To quote from link:. . "His treatment of the Black Death involved removal of the infected corpses, fresh air and unpolluted water for the healthy, a herbal preparation rich in Vitamin C, and (in contravention of contemporary medical practise) not bleeding his patients.". . Ratz, he probably didn't say, 'use this herbal preparation because it's rich in vitamin C'.  Of course we NOW know it's rich in vitamin C... he probably just knew that it might help sick people.
What and Where do I buy something that can burn a movie on to a fresh DVD? What is a burnable DVD disc called?
I know a CD is CD-R.
You can use a DVD-R or DVD-RW to burn movies. Try checking out Best Buy for what you need, they tend to have a good variety of choices in what you are trying to do.  Also, if you do not already have a DVD burner on your computer, you can also buy one from Best Buy or wherever you choose, and just connect through the USB port.
what are really good bluray movies?
what are really good bluray movies to watch for the visual part of it? . like . Ninja assassin. surrogates. Final fantasy  movies. ironman2. . cartoon and regular movies I jus want to know which movies are really fresh. to see in bluray, Visualy entertaining in other words/.
POLL: Was Will Smith a better actor in The Fresh Prince of Belair or the movie Seven Pounds?
star if you love will smith!.
seven pounds was amazinggg
i need some fresh ideas :( any one with a visual effects ideal out there ? any one saw some good VFX in some?
i need some fresh ideas :(. any one with a visual effects ideal out there ?. any one saw some good VFX in some movies ?.
Can anyone tell me an similar show with fresh prince of bell air ?
id really like to watch a show like that one :D...it made me laugh and it was kinda helpful...im 18 years...btw u can tell me some good movies as well :D.
What are some 'fresh' songs to play at a reception?
ie like what you see in movies like bride wars, my best friends wedding, etc.... . . or anything else you may think is nice. thanks in advance!.
Does anybody know what happened to the movie Dog Soldiers 2 Fresh Meat?
It was supposedly going to be made, with none of the original cast or crew. They were going to be filming in 2006, but by the end of 2008, all information on it had dissappeared, and nowhere has any indication that it even exists any more.
Any new, fresh idea's for a movie screenplay?
I need help to find some idea's to adapt for a screenplay, or even multiple screenplays that I will be writing over the course of the coming year. . . So anything that you would like to be seen more of that isn't already out yet? Maybe your idea will become a reality!. . All suggestions welcome.. . Thanks. . . . . ? ? ? ? ?.
Try writing a biopic of sorts. The last few years of writer Brian Daley. About his friendship with fellow writer Alex Newborn. How he mentored Alex and Brian's fight against cancer. The story also has a built in audience actually. Brain Daley is the writer of the much loved Star Wars radio drama's and a few Star Wars novels. He knew the makers of the films too. That was a huge part in his life so that's always in the background.. . There is also a direct parallel with Obi-Wan Kenobi and Luke Skywalker. An older mentor figure, a younger man at the beginning of his career and a friendship that is cut short (not my words, Alex Newborn, said this himself). I've recently listened to an interview with Alex Newborn where he recalls his friendship with Brian Daley and while listening to it I though to myself this would make such a great, fascinating and dramatic film. Hope you consider it. It would make a wonderful movie about friendship.
what movies should i buy off of I-tunes?
i have 50 dollars on my I-tunes account. and i'm fresh out of movies to buy. i'm in to: action, adventure, scyfi, fantasy, anime, thrillers, and a little bit of horror. 10 points to best answer. please give me good ones! and i'm 13. so i'm not ready to watch nightmare on elm street or friday the 13th yet.. . thanks.
POLL: Teen Choice Awards 2009 - Who do you think will win? Part 1: Movies?
I just want to see who people are gonna vote for so I'm gonna post all the categories and just type who you think will win.. . Movies:. . Action/Adventure:. Taken. Fast and Furious. Star Trek. Terminator: Salvation. X-Men Origins: Wolverine. . Drama:. Angels and Demons. Obsessed. Slumdog Millionaire. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Twilight. . Romance:. Australia. He's Just Not That Into You. Confessions Of A Shopaholic. Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2. Twilight. . Bromantic Comedy:. I Love You, Man. Role Models. Marley and Me. Pineapple Express. Tropic Thunder. . Comedy:. The Hangover. Land Of The Lost. Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. Paul Blart: Mall Cop. Yes Man. . Horror/Thriller:. The Uninvited. Drag Me To Hell. Friday The 13th. Quarantine. The Haunting of Molly Hartley. . Music/Dance:. High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Hannah Montana: The Movie. Steppin: The Movie. Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience. Nick & Nora's Infinite Playlist. . Actor/Drama:. Brad Pitt- The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Channing Tatum- Fighting. Dev Patel- Slumdog Millionaire. Hugh Jackman- Australia. Robert Pattinson -Twilight. . Actress/Drama:. Angelina Jolie- Changeling. Beyonce Knowles- Obsessed. Freida Pinto- Slumdog Millionaire. Kristen Stewart- Twilight. Nicole Kidman- Australia. . Actor/Action/Adventure:. Christian Bale -Terminator Salvation. Dwayne Johnson - Race To Witch Mountain. Hugh Jackman - X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Paul Walker - Fast & Furious. Shia LaBeouf - Eagle Eye. . Actress/Action/Adventure:. Jordana Brewster- Fast & Furious. Bryce Dallas Howard- Terminator Salvation. Malin Akerman-Watchmen. Mila Kunis- Max Payne. Zoe Saldana-Star Trek. . Actor/Comedy:. Ben Stiller-Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian,Tropic Thunder. Jim Carrey- Yes Man. Will Ferrell-Land of the Lost. Seth Rogen- Observe & Report,Pineapple Express. Zac Efron- 17 Again. . Actress/Comedy:. Anne Hathaway- Bride Wars. Isla Fisher- Confessions Of A Shopaholic. Jennifer Aniston- Marley & Me, He's Just Not That Into You. Kate Hudson- Bride Wars. Amy Adams-Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. . Actress/Music/Dance:. Miley Cyrus- Hannah Montana: The Movie. Vanessa Hudgens- High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Ashley Tisdale- High School Musical 3: Senior year. Amy Smart- Love N' Dancing. Kat Dennings- Nick & Nora's Infinite Playlist. . Actor/Music/Dance:. Jason Earles -Hannah Montana: The Movie. Zac Efron- High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Corbin Bleu- High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Michael Cera- Nick & Nora's Infinite Playlist. Lucas Till -Hannah Montana: The Movie. . Villain:. Cam Gigandet - Twilight. Liev Schreiber - X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Eric Bana - Star Trek. Ken Jeong - The Hangover. Hank Azaria - Night At The Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian. . Fresh Face Female:. Ashley Greene - Twilight. Frida Pinto - Slumdog Millionaire. Lynn Collins - X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Nikki Reed - Twilight. Emily Osment - Hannah Montana: The Movie. . Fresh Face Male:. Chris Pine- Star Trek. Dev Patel- Slumdog Millionaire. Sam Worthington- Terminator Salvation. Taylor Kitsch - X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Taylor Lautner - Twilight. . Liplock:. Kristen Stewart & Robert Pattinson- Twilight. Frida Pinto & Dev Patel- Slumdog Millionaire. Vanessa Hudgens & Zac Efron- High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Miley Cyrus & Lucas Till- Hannah Montana: The Movie. Owen Wilson & Marley- Marley & Me. . Rockstar Moment:. Anne Hathaway- Bride Wars. Jim Carrey- Yes Man. Paul Rudd & Jason Segal- I Love You Man. Mike Tyson, Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis- The Hangover. Zac Efron- 17 Again. . Movie Rumble:. James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) VS. Spock (Zachary Quinto)- Star Trek. Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) & Victor Creed (Liev Schreiber) vs. Weapon XI-X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Emma (Anne Hathaway) VS. Liv (Kate Hudson) - Bride Wars. Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson) VS. James (Cam Gigandet)- Twilight. Sharon (Beyonce Knowles) VS Lisa (Ali Larter)- Obsessed. . My picks:. Action Adventure: Star Trek. Drama: Obsessed. Romance: He's Just Not That Into You. Bromantic Comedy: Role Models. Comedy: The Hangover. Horror/Thriller: Friday the 13th. Music/Dance: Steppin: The Movie. Actor Drama: Channing Tatum. Actress Drama: Beyonce. Actor Action Adventure: Paul Walker. Actress Action Adventure: Zoe Saldana. Actor Comedy: Jim Carrey. Actress Comedy: Isla Fisher. Actress Music/Dance: Amy Smart. Actor Music/Dance: Michael Cera. Villain: Eric Bana. Fresh Face Female: Nikki Reed. Fresh Face Male: Chris Pine. Liplock: Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson. Rockstar Moment: Jim Carrey. Movie Rumble: Sharon VS. Lisa (Beyonce vs. Ali Larter). This is part 1.
Action/Adventure: Taken. Drama: Slumdog Millionaire. Romance: He's Just Not That Into You. Bromantic Comedy: Role Models. Comedy: The Hangover. Horror/Thriller: Friday the 13th. Music/Dance: Nick and Nora's Infinite Playlist. Actor/Drama: Brad Pitt. Actress/Drama: Nicole Kidman. Actor/Action/Adventure: Hugh Jackman. Actress/Action/Adventure: Mila Kunis. Actor/Comedy: Zac Efron. Actress/Comedy: Jennifer Aniston. Actress/Music/Dance: Vanessa Hudgens. Actor/Music/Dance: Corbin Bleu. Villain: Cam Gigandet. Fresh Face Female: Freida Pinto. Fresh Face Male: Chris Pine. Liplock: Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson. Rockstar Moment: Anne Hathaway. Movie Rumble: Emma vs. Liv (Bride Wars)
Recommend me some movies?
This is my top fifteen in no particular order. . American Psycho. Fresh. Running Scared. Good Will Hunting. Very Bad Things. THE USUAL SUSPECTS(MY NUMBER 1). Reservoir Dogs. Pulp Fiction. American History X. American Beauty. The Green Mile. Fear. The Departed. Sin city. Spiral. . I'm sure you have all heard of most of these but some aren't widely known movies (Fresh, Very bad things, Running scared, Spiral) so you should definitely check them out if you like the rest of the list. Anyways thanks everyone :). I've seen literally every single one of those movies haha thank you though Snatch and A clockwork Orange are the really great ones of the bunch though.. please don't answer with your "personal favs" unless they go along with this list I have posted please. Thanks :).
Revolver. Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels. Snatch. Lucky Number Slevin. Gangster No 1. Levity. Monster's Ball. Taxi Driver. Boondock Saints 1 & 2. Smokin' Aces. A Clockwork Orange. RocknRolla. Layer Cake. . And Possibly . Crank & Crank: High Voltage
Could you tell the names of good movie reviewer like Roger Ebert?
Name some movies or shows where the characters have been recycled as a "new" character or switched out?
For example they switched the light skinned Vivian to dark skinned on Fresh Prince of Bel Air. On Problem Child 2 they switched Amy Yasbeck from the mom to the nurse. Did the directors think nobody would notice?.
Amy Yasbeck was married to John Ritter, so I always looked at that as more of an inside joke.  (he also played her ex-husband on the series Wings). . Peter Sellers played three different characters in Dr. Strangelove. . Julie Christie plays the wife and the new "girlfriend" in Fahrenheit 451. . In MASH, before Harry Morgan played Colonel Potter, he played a General who was completely out to lunch on the series.
If Will Smith made a movie sequel to fresh prince like they did with X-Files would you watch it?
It would be fun to see, but unlikely at this point.
What are some funny, dumb, classic movies?
I'm not talking new stuff like Epic Movie or the Scary Movie sequals. I'm talkin' old stuff like Mel Brooks, but not MB because I have ALL of his movies. I want some fresh (old) blood besides Mel's stuff, Caveman, Little Big Man, and Lust in the Dust. Recommendations, please. I desperately need to add to my collection! Thankoo..
The naked gun series. Hot shots. Dracula: Dead & loving it. 2001 - A space travety. Reposessed. Stripes. Airplane. Meatballs. The jerk. 1941
do movie theaters in the UK pop fresh pop corn?
I can't believe theaters now only sell previously popped stale popcorn.  And Taco Bell uses stale taco shells that arn't fresh either - they use to fry fresh taco shells daily until the '80s.
Depends on your definition of fresh popcorn. I used to work in a movie theater and people would complain if the popcorn wasn't literally being dumped from the popper right as they were ordering it.. . -Yes I am american. On our side of the pond we pop the popcorn fresh using coconut oil and butter flavored salt in most of the theaters around. I feel bad for you guys if it's pre bagged stuff, it doesn't taste the same at all. I would definitely consider it a valid complaint if that's the case.
In movies/shows do you like Will Smith's serious or funny side better?
Will Smith is my favorite actor so I'm just wondering. Do you like his serious side like in "Seven Pounds" and "The pursuit Of Happiness" . Or do you like his comedian style in like "The Fresh Prince of Belair". We're talking movies and shows hes in here.. It your opinion!. =]. Best Answer.. 10 points!.
i like them both. [Pro-Sarcasm?]
A fresh movie idea?
I'm looking for ideas for a short screenplay. 10-30 minutes. Live action or animation. preferrably simple and funny. Any ideas or suggestions of where to start?. I kind of like movies of fantastic displacement like pleasantville, groundhog day, truman show, where people are placed in extraordinary situations in a journey of self-realization. But I don't know what I would do without it seeming exactly like something that's already been done..
What movies can you think of that include a scene...
. Where towards the end of the movie, one spurned lover is LEAVING the city, the country, whatever because they got a job offer, need a fresh start, whatever, and the other person chases them?. . I have noticed that in so many movies, the way they slap together an ending is to just have one person involved in the romance decide to re-locate and the other person proves their worth by chasing them down. The end. It's been done SO MANY TIMES and what I need from you is to tell me which movies this happens in! Thanks!. .
Liar Liar and Wedding Singer, off the top of my head.
The new sanjay dutt mehbooba is fresh movie or old movie which could'nt be released at that time.?
from faces of both ajay and sanjay dutt it doesnt look like present movie.. they look little younger as 5 years ago.
This is exactly what I thought as I have seen the trailer, I think its an old one for sure because they look very young plus Sanjay was in jail for a while so he impossibly could have made it. Plus I think Manisha doesn't play anymore
how to make flower crown out of fresh flowers???
u know the ones that the little gorls mske in the movies?? ya, those. their usually made out of daisys..
You take the stem and split it in half with you fingernail... just in the middle... the top and bottom should still be connected. And make it a small hole... just enough for a stem to fit through. Then, take the next flower and put the stem through the whole you made on the other flower. Once you've done that, make a small hole in the stem. Continue to make holes and thread the stems through the holes until you get it as long as you want it. Then thread the flower part through the last hole and it should hold. . . Sounds confusing... but that's the best I could do without showing you.. . Good luck!
What do you think about that?.
Where can I find fresh news and rumors about new thriller books?
I need to find forums, blogs or sites dealing with news and rumors about thriller books to be published, gossip about what thriller writers are working on, or about which book might become a movie. Can you give me any useful link? Thank you!.
Did you see that list of favorite Samuel L. Jackson movies on yahoo?
I mean the incredibles, revenge of the sith, and Coach Freaking Carter over Pulp Fiction, Good Fellas, and Fresh? Really?.
I agree with you 100%, children must have voted. Completely invalid. Unbreakable isn't even on the list, nor is Juice and Sphere.
whats the least percent on rotten tomatoes for a movie to be fresh?
In order for a movie to receive an overall rating of FRESH, the reading on the Tomatometer for that movie must be at least 60%. Otherwise, it is ROTTEN.
Any fresh ideas on how to motivate call center agents?
I'd really appreciate some new ideas/suggestions on how to motivate/recognize our call center agents.  Because using "time off the phones" as a reward cannot not always be followed through with, we tend to turn to gift cards, movie tickets, food, displaying their names along with their accomplishments, ETC.  I'm looking for ideas so we do not become stale..
Personal interaction worked best for me as caller & supervisor.. I was feeling very down b/c I had no completes."  A trainer walked by & said "Great dialings!  You keep that up and you're going to find someone who's willing to talk."  Or had average dialings but being monitored was told I was following correct proceedure & coding correctly.  I  was told, "I know that the other are getting the completes, but doing such an accurate job of marking sample is also a big help in clearing out sample that we are wasting our time on.  We need people like you who hang in there & get the other part of the job done.". . As a supervisor, I received flowers at work from an unsentimentall contact.  I picked my top producers & accuracy employees.  I wrote a personalized note specific to their unique talents & had it waiting on their computer before their shift.  They each took time thanking me for the acknoledgement being as they mostly feel like a cog in the machine & are feel that they are never really seen as people.  I got the best bay production that night from all b/c receivers felt good about acknowledgement & others wanted that personal touch.. . Stay in personal touch with employees.
Can goldfish live in fresh water, like in the cartoon "Ponyo"?
In the movie, the goldfish Ponyo starts out in a bucket of saltwater (from the ocean) but later the little boy spills the bucket and fills it up again from a faucet. Presumably, the faucet would have fresh water, so could a real goldfish live in it? (In the cartoon, Ponyo is apparently just fine with any sort of water to swim in... of course, she is a MAGIC goldfish that later becomes a little girl, so...).
This is where cartoons aren't real. Ponyo bears no relation to how real Goldfish live!. . Goldfish are a member of the Carp family, they are completely freshwater and would die pretty quickly in saltwater, they are just not designed for it! . . Goldfish in reality need huge, over filtered fish tanks or ponds to live. They are actually very messy and high maintenance fish to keep!
time for a fresh movie idea?
is this lethal weapon,dirty harry sounds like any other rogue cop film
Need some fresh ideas for fun time with the boys! Already posted in another category but need a lot of ideas!?
My husband recently started 2nd shift and me and the boys are going stir crazy!!! Coloring and movies are quickly getting boring need some fun ideas to help the time pass. Thanks.
i have a lil sister, and we always get into a chase around the house.  she has a blast, and it wears her out for a while, and she will go play with her toys on her own for a while while you can do something you want to do.  . . that, and have fun w/ snacks.  get them to help you make bread or something easy, and just make a mess and don't worry about cleaning.  it passes the time, and brings joy to your fam
Do you think the sarah connor chronicle's ep, "pilot" was just the same as all 3 movies?
I do like the whole Terminator series concept, but all 3 movies had the same plot; someone needs to be protected and there is a terminator after them. all the same and when the sarah connor chronicles premiered, it was like the damn movie! man they havnt had a fresh idea for like 20 years..
It felt like a bit of a ripoff, yeah.
why shutdown my Pc when load fresh windows xp?
If I develop fiction, by reading first about say, Collins submarine software, and reading and watching movies?
about Carlos the Jackal, and then developing fictional scenarios, mightn't this fiction actually contribute some fresh insights..
It depends on how ideas come to you. I get ideas from everything.
Why does the White Cheddar popcorn in a bag stay fresh longer than regular popcorn?
I'm just wondering why movie theater popcorn or microwave popcorn can go stale over night but the White cheddar stuff I buy that is already popped and put in a bag will stay good enough to eat for a few days..
The factory must put something in it to make it stay fresh longer
On The Waterfront. The Wrestler. Taxi Driver
Just wondering. So far I've go: exercise and fresh air..
knowledge and education.
I find the women in these older movies a lot prettier, and was simply wondering if anyone agrees, they seem fresher, more real then the women are nowadays. I am referring to normal movies as well as pornos..
Never watched a porno so I can't compare as you seem to be able to.  But I'm old enough to have lived through movies in the 1960s and onward.   Different decades have different standards for beauty.  But overall, the women of movies before, perhaps 1975 or so, seem realistically beautiful...not like many of today's movie women who are plastic surgery makeovers.
Where towards the end of the movie, one spurned lover is LEAVING the city, the country, whatever because they got a job offer, need a fresh start, whatever, and the other person chases them?. . I have noticed that in so many movies, the way they slap together an ending is to just have one person involved in the romance decide to re-locate and the other person proves their worth by chasing them down.  The end.  It's been done SO MANY TIMES and what I need from you is to tell me which movies this happens in!  Thanks!.
lol yeah, typical romantic comedy ending =__=" anyways, one I can think of now is:. . How to Loose a Guy in 10 Days.. . *blegh*
Is never seeing a Star Wars movie akin to never breathing fresh air?
I just... don't really see what all the fuss is about?. . I mean, the theme soing is pretty fun. I'll give you that. So are light-sabers.. . But are the movies really that good?. To those of us who are not blessed with little old Englishmen with perfect speech as lecturers - the word "akin" means 'similar'.. (He used it six times today. It is now my word of the day)..
Yes it is.. The movies are very good, especially the old ones. . But it all depends really on what interests you.
My son will soon be 12. Does anyone have a fresh idea for a party ?
We have already done the movies & enchanted castle & a swimming party. Medieveal (sp.) times is too pricy, and he's not interested in ice skating. All I can think of is laser tag, ($) or an overnight, but with several boys It may be too much. ( I live in a condo). Any fresh ideas are appreciated..
Maybe bowling would be a good idea. Or how about an indoor water park? It all depends on your budget and how much time you have. For an all day experience I'd say the water park with pizza afterwards and an overnighter with a scheduled sleep time. Be creative with it and make sure they're really tired at the end of the day!
Where can I download the Fresh Prince of Bel Air Intro?
I do not accept Youtube or Youtube downloaders. Also, the file type must be compatible with Windows Movie Maker.. I did try to convert it to WMM or AVI after downloading it from Youtube, but Windows Movie Maker comes up with a reading error when trying to save it after I put it into the movie. Don't know why. I've tried different Youtube Download programs and different Converter Programs and the same thing happens every time.. . .
use the youtube downloader and convert it to a WMM compatible file
Most original, well-acted movies of the past decade?
ex: I think Donnie Darko and Inception are amazing movies, and all the actors' performances are great. Also, the movies aren't just recreations of typical Hollywood crap, but something new and fresh that's never been done before.. . What movies from 2000 and up do you think are the most original?.
- The Prestige. - Memento. - Inception. - Black Swan. - Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. - Mulholland Drive. - Donnie Darko. - Pan's Labyrinth. - City of God. - Head-On. - Traffic. - Black Book
What is the better ghetto movie.......Fresh, Boyz in the Hood or Baby Boy?
"Boys in da hood"
Need some fresh ideas for fun time with the boys!?
My husband recently started 2nd shift and me and the boys are going stir crazy!!! Coloring and movies are quickly getting boring need some fun ideas to help the time pass.  Thanks. Oldest is fixing to be 6, then 4, 3, and 2..
Well the holidays are approaching.  Perhaps make crafts for Thanksgiving or Christmas.  Michael's craft store has a ton of fun ideas!  I would take a trip there and get something to work on together to pass the time! =)
Who has seen the movie Fresh? ?
Just wondering, because I can't find anyone (besides myself) that has seen it.. Haha thank god. A movie as great as that needs to be recognized.
I HAVE!! When I cried when he cried in the end, and trust me you're not the only one
Ladies, what clothes and accesories do you think look good on us?
everytime i go out i try to look as best as i can, even if it's to the movies. fresh cut, necklace, wristband watch long sleeve shirt some nice blue jeans, gives me alot of confidence. but what exactly do you find sexy on us, in terms of what we wear, like clothes or accesories. someone told me you like it when we put our sleeves half way thru our arms, at the elbow area..
I like guys who wear tight skinny jeans and Chucks. Piercings are a hot accessory :) not sure if that helps lol but that's my opinion.. I agree with runnercaiti1 and CrushedGirly.
Help, I need to look a good newer monster movies, any ideas?
seen godzilla, king kong, and a lot of the older ones, any fresh ideas?  will even consider some old classics that I might not have seen..
Music and movies distort, chirp and skip?
I dont understand why, but my music lately has began to distort for a quick second every here and there. It kind of sounds like a record scratch or chirp. I sometimes even sounds like a skip. . Last night I reformatted my computer and did a clean install. I also blew away the iPod and started fresh. . The sound issue came back. . I am running a anti-virus program..
What movies and TV episodes are about graduating from high school?
So far I have:. - American Graffiti. - Dazed & Confused. - Grease. - Can't Hardly Wait. - The Girl Next Door. . The graduation episodes from:. - Dawson's Creek. - Gilmore Girls. - Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. - Malcolm in the Middle. - Buffy the Vampire Slayer. - Laguna Beach. - Saved By The Bell. - Smallville. - Beverly Hills 90210. - The OC.
I think the show One Tree Hill has a graduation episode in it.
Who likes the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
The show is so awesome its so funny, they just don't make shows like that anymore, its so classic.  You know what NBC should do they should make Fresh Prince of Bel-Air the movie! or Fresh Prince of Bel-Air the later years! a show about what happened to them afterward, theire kids and stuff like that, and bring all the characters back to act in it! definitely bring back Will! ahhaahah I don't know, I thought it would be cool.
Fresh Prince is great. Loved Will and Carlton.
Because i can think of some really good older classic action movies. . True Lies. . Fresh Prince. . [=.
old movies in black and white.
In the movie Fresh what was the name of the actor he sets up at the end?
Roy Smith?
What topics or subject matter would you like to see in a Christian movie?
What would you like to see in a Christian movie? Something fresh and intriguing? Something that many people, young and old are going through? Drug Abuse,Murder,Abortion,etc? Or what wouldn't you want to see in a Christian movie?.
A story with an extreme example of grace. Prodigal son, Gomer, etc.
Do you guys know the name of this actor in this movie, Fresh?
WHATS THE MOVIE FRESH LIKE ? with Samuel L. Jackson in it worth getting ?
Good movie, but not necessarily worth $20. If you are getting it cheaper, it might be worth the investment. But it's not the kind of movie you'll want to watch again and again.
We just want to remind everyone the coleslaw is as fresh this week as it was last week?
What movie was the quote from?.
anything with two idiots.
Do you know some happy movies ? :D?
Hi guys, do you know some movies like Ten Inch Hero/Yes man/Role Models? (I give these as an example) I mean fresh,fun and relaxing movies maybe plus some other element ?.
what you think about the african movies?
i totaly like the african movies it is like a breath . fresh air what do you think..
they're okay
Is anyone else sick of the 90% of horror movies made about, "And one by one, they all die"?
It seems like 90% of the horror movies made are different takes on, "And one by one, they all die"... is anyone but me sick of this? How about some new, fresh ideas in the horror genre..
Its cheap and dumb teenagers keep paying to see them.  So, don't expect them to go away.
I am looking for Basic makeup tips for films/movies. Anything will suffice. Thanks?
I have currently been offered a position as makeup intern for a low budget film to be shot in Central America. I have before interned for Fox Productions, and am still looking for some new and fresh ideas. thanks guys!. Im looking more for techniques than for products! . Thanks!.
Where do the newborns used in movies come from?
I mean, when there is a fresh newborn, and it isn't just an older kid all messy to look like a newborn but a real live right-from-the-mama baby in the movies, where do they come from? Who is having a baby at the same time that they are filming that they can borrow? How does it work?.
What if they made a fresh prince movie?
wouldn't you want to see that?.
No because the actors are MUCH older now & it wouldn't be the same.. . **Unless it was set 10 years later with Hilary, Will & maybe even Carlton would be married with a kid or two. Will could be a famous DJ (lol), Hilary could be an interior designer & Ashley could be a singer. Phil & Vivian would be retired but still raising young Nicky. Geoffrey could show up briefly since I think he moved to London at the end of the series.
Movies about 'rebellious teens' going through life?
examples would be movies like Kids, Kidulthood, Adulthood, This is England, Fresh, Menace 2 Society, and the show Skins. are there any other movies like those?.
Have ya seen High School High? :D
have you ever bought a dvd without seeing the movie?
yeah, just like Sin City the extended version, Glory, a bridge too far, Das Boot the full uncut version, after watching all i do like them, no regrets after i bought them.
what are some old songs that have been redone but with a new fresh sound?
I recently heard Filter play a cover of Happy Together on The Stepfather movie. It was much creepier and edgier than the original and I really like that. Can anyone tell me about anymore songs like that?.
Well, there's a lot of older songs that are covered with a new spin by newer artists. Some are better than others. One of the things I really like about a lot of the 60s music I listen to is that they really seem to let the music breathe, you can clearly hear all the instruments involved playing, as opposed to this "wall of sound" concept, popularized by Phil Spector and used often today. Some of today's music comes across as being overproduced compared with some of the older music. I suppose that that's due to enhancements in technology, so theoretically, it should sound better, but that's not always the case.
I'm looking for movies that are similar to?
Paranormal Activity and The Poughkeepsie Tapes... horror or suspense movies that are shot in the first person perspective or documentary style. I have seen the two mentioned and the Blair Witch Project as well. . . . 10 pts to someone who gives a fresh answer.. . (please don't answer I don't know).
-Rec. -Cloverfield
Do you feel you were born in the wrong generation?
Yes I do, I'm born in 1980 and I often wish I was born in 1955-60 so I would have been a teenager in the early 1970s
Y doesnt movies work in my pc?
Recently i formated my pc and started allover from fresh and i downloaded some movies (Shrek3 etc) and it only plays the sound and not the picture and i am playing it with Media Player 11.
was the song The Sky from the album Fresh Aire 3 used in any films?
I remember hearing this song before in a movie, or something like that. maybe I am remembering wrong, but thought I'd ask..
YES!
Movies similar to squeeze 1997? ?
Any good drama movies similar to fresh 1994, squeeze 1997, ron clark story 2006..
Try these:. . Juice (1992). Jackie Brown (1997). Leon: The Professional (1994). Training Day (2001). Fargo (1996). New Jersey Drive (1995). Menace II Society (1993). Colors (1988). Belly (1998). 25th Hour (2002). Pirates of Silicon Valley (1999). Flash of Genius (2008). You Don't Know Jack (2010). Something the Lord Made (2004). Homeless to Harvard: The Liz Murray Story (2003). . :)
How do you wake up in the morning with lot of energy?
When I wake up in the morning, I don't only have a "morning face" but more like I'm about to die. I even need to touch the wall when heading to the bathroom because I'm too zombie. On TV and in movies people always look fresh when they stretch in bed... I'm even too tired to stretch!. . Any tips? Especially during winter when it's freezing and you need to turn on the light..
Well, with me in particular, it's all about the attitude. Man, I know this sounds like something your mother would tell you, but when I wake up, at first, zombie is the perfect word to describe it. As soon as I get up I get right into the shower. This is the main place that I start to wake up an prepare myself to take on another day. It's pretty basic, but a positive attitude, a refreshing shower and a little fresh air is usually all it should take. Good luck!
what makes the two newer movies "Skyline" and"Battle Los Angeles" unique from previous invasion films?
i have seen neither, but am wondering if either film has any quality that makes it more than a rehash of Independance Day or the original War of the Worlds? Is it told from unique perspectives ? Are there variables that make the storylines fresh and unique?.
The focus on a much smaller scale; in those movies, you are watching the entire world, and the events unfold over days.  These movies focus on a small group of people, what happens to them, and keep them disconnected from the larger picture.
In the movie "Fresh" why did the character Fresh hang and then shoot Rosco the dog? What was the point of it?
Thank You. but earlier in the movie fresh said this is our dog and he found it and then when chuckie did the dog fighting thing fresh was against it. so i thought  Rosco wasnt really dangerous.
This question really makes me think.... . Hanging it was necessary to make sure it would remain still; he didn't want to only wound it and then have it attack him. . . It could also be said that he was giving up a chess piece that was a weakness to him. It was Chuckie's dog and would no longer be taken care of by him, so it would end up being a stray, which Fresh couldn't allow because of how dangerous the dog was; killing it was what he felt he had to do.  . . This act is also like practice, to see if Fresh has the guts to kill. The dog is hanging up and shooting it would be similar to shooting a man. . . On the film's commentary track, the director explains that it was Fresh's way to go past the point of no return in preparation for what he was about to do.
Will John Cena come back to WWE with a fresh new gimmick finally ?
I've recently heard about John Cena getting "fired" at Survivor Series by Wade Barrett cause Randy Orton won the title match... but it's all kayfabe and if he's making movies then WWE should change Cena's moveset and everything otherwise it's gonna be boring as sh*t with the same superman routine blah blah.
He has not been away from the wwe, so how can he come back?. He has not missed one show even. So he is the same Cena.
Have movies and moviemakers lost their originality?
I mean, most of the movies in theatres right now are either remakes of older versions or based on a book. What happened to new, fresh scripts?.
Yeah, they have.  Studios need to start buying new scripts with fresh ideas instead of remaking old films and television series.  The number of sequels in theaters today is appalling, and I say that even though I am the first one to go see the latest Batman or Spider-Man movie.. . We need to encourage new and accomplished filmmakers to create new and stunning ideas.  By going to films that challenge us as viewers, we will be sending a message to Hollywood that we demand fresh cuisine and no longer want the reheated leftovers from yesterday.
'Sign' movie is marked 'Fresh' by Rotten tomatoes?
OMG!! Signs movie is marked fresh in Rotten Tomatoes. I couldn't just believe this. The movie has nothing, a typical 'Alien' movie should have. Even those 'aliens' looked like a human being in disguise. It didn't make me scream, make me wonder with its grand look an alien movie use to have. It didn't make me feel anything. I am wondering how is this movie reviewed 'fresh' by users of Rotten tomatoes. Even their reviews says nothing special about this movie. Does this movie signs deserves all these appraisals?.
Yes, you are right. I agree that the movie has nothing.. . The rotten tomatoes themselves got rotten with this movie, I suppose.
Do movie makers release movies at the end of the year so they can win more awards?
do they? I forget the movie awards are called but I remember they are always in the beginning of the year, and they are for the movies of the last year...so do movie makers release movies into theatres at the end of the yr to win and that the movie will be fresh in voters minds so they can win...as compared to movies released almost a year earlier...like hurt locker last year was released around october (by the way I loved hurt locker) so that's why they won cuz avatar was released in like summer (by the way I nvr will see it it looks dumb!).
yes, and the (main) movie awards are the oscar(academy awards) and the bafta(british academy)
Why no more movies like Labyrinth(1986) its so original and cool!!!?
im just watching Labyrinth movie ( 1986) with dave bowie. in 1080p. . its so ORIGINAL , i mean my god, the feeling when watching the movie, no other movie , its so fresh!. . im sick of the same movies on and on, and this Labyrinth is wow! just Original. . why not more movies like this anymore???. .  i think just different times or years or epochs is no excuse for that! damn!. . did u see this movie in 1080p now ?.
Money is the reason.  I agree that it is a horrible trend, but studios are going more towards movies with predicable and maximized revenue.  Even directors who used to make cool original stuff, now make common movies for the masses because they are more likely to see higher returns, and it is easier to make a predicable stayed film (and probably a little bit that they like making movies lots of people like a little bit rather than a small group like a whole lot).
For those who watched the Mets- Phils game on Fox yesterday. Wasn't Howie Rose a breath of fresh air->?
As the Fox announcer over that mindless airhead Joe Buck?  Though i only watched 3 innings of the game(7th- 9th) it was nice to see an announcer actually talk about the game & not about what Hollywood Celebrities where at the game  or what Reality Show or Movie he watched like the mindless Joe Buck does.  I vote Howie Rose to replace Buck as announcer full time even though i know that will never happen. And also Rose is a Met Fan & didn't show any bias which is what an announcer is suppose to do..
I watched the mets game yesterday,yes rose was he beat Buck by a wide margin and it was nice to hear about the game instead of what Buck always goes on about,though  I always seem to get sidetracked from the game though when Buck talks..yawn,bias is common in annoncers,but atleast one of  the announcers is not biased
Why do tv shows and movies do this?
There is always a mostly white cast with one black guy, or a mostly black cast with one white guy.. Think about it, Fresh Prince is all black people with one or two white people. The Cosby Show was the same. Roseanne had the one black guy and his wife.. Why can't there be an even number of people of different races? Why only black or whtie people instead of other races?.
Okay, you're all ridiculous.  How many of you can honestly say that HALF of your friends are black and HALF are white?  If you are keeping tabs on that stuff--how natural are YOU being?. . To answer the question, though.  The single black or white person on the show if referred to as a "token" character.  Often used for the purpose of making the show more relateable to a minority viewer
Why doesn't the film industry make up new movies instead of remakes of older movies or popular cartoons?
We all know that the movie industry is in a trend of making remakes of older movies and trying to make live action movies of popular cartoons. We have had success with some of them mainly The Batman franchise, Spider-man 1 and 2, X-Men 1 and 2, Transformers (both), and many others. Have we come to a world where no one is thinking outside the box? huh? I mean I would love to see some of my favorite cartoons into live action films, some have been good and the others aren't that great come on how did they mess up Dragonball huh? I don't know. I think sometimes they should gather fans to work on film and give there opinion on the script, the set and all the process to make a film. . Actors and directors are always relating that they have these enormous amount of data pertaining towards their specific project example: comics, cartoons, etc. and they cant even get the characters right.. Their might be some frustration but I know there is a lot of people that might agree.. There should be new movies that are fresh, something that is never been done before.. An example would be: District 9. Great movie. Good concept. . Give me your opinion on how you feel towards the film industry.. . What cartoons that you grew up with would you like to see be made( and I mean made the right way)?. . ps. I know everyone that works in any position of any movies need to make their money, but if you make something true to the fans their would be more profit for those you actually put their hearts in it..
how to keep fresh morning breath?
If you brush your teeth the night before, how come you still get morning breath?. I've seen it through movies when in the morning the couple kisses each other...  but I always have bad breath in the morning when i wake up... do you? and how do you get rid of it?. . . NO RUDE COMMENTS PLEASE..
The major cause of bad breath is the bacteria on the top of the tongue, especially on the back of the tongue.  So when you brush your teeth at night you  do not get rid of this bacteria and it grows all night without being distrubed.  Brushing the teeth in the morning helps to cover up this bacteria bad breath for a short time so you think you have solved your bad breath problem.  Wrong.  You have just covered it up.  Using a mint or chewing some gum will also cover up bad breath for a short time.  To get rid of bad breath you must clean the bacteria off your tongue.  I use OraBrush tongue cleaner because it is designed to clean the back of the tongue.  It is very effective and my wife tells me I have kissing sweet breath.
How do young kids get involved in drug dealing?
For example biggie smalls , 50 cent or the kid from the movie "Fresh" how do they start just out of nowhere . Where do they get the money for drugs? Where do they find suppliers and all that. This is for a book that I'm writing . PS . How do they start out of nowhere whenever they want to ?.
They have to know someone who is already involved. They don't actually purchase any drugs so they don't need any money to start. They're used more as mules. They're given the drugs, then they deliver and receive payment. They bring it back to their associate who then gives them some of the profit. Eventually they work their way up the chain
Andrew Mccarthy movies?
I'm trying to find some movies done by him online to watch and I've looked everywhere. Any suggestions on sites or know where I could find these movies?. . Only you (1992). Fresh Horses (1988). . and these were TV movies. . A father for Brittney (1998). the secret life of zoey (2002). . Thanks.
none are available on line at this time
Poll: Favourite movies?
I'll give you some suggestions, but all of mine are classics.. . Comedy: "The Lady Eve" . Thriller: "Rebecca" , "Suspicion", "North by Northwest" or "Night of the Hunter". Psycho: "Psycho" (1960). Detective Story: "Double Indemnity". Classic: "The Thin Man", "Libeled Lady", "Dinner at Eight", "Grand Hotel", "It Happened One Night", "Sunset Boulevard", etc.
Why Are Will Smith Movies Big Hits?
Just curious. . I don't dislike Will Smith.. . I'm wondering why most of his movies end up being blockbusters.. Is he "in" right now? Does he have that many Fresh Prince fans?.
because they're all good movies. He really picks and chooses his roles-he doesn't do just anything
Does anybody know of some Great movies?
im black and there aren't a lot of movies with people my color, i would like to watch a good coming-of-age movie, with good sex scenes, drugs,and teen drama. I like movies like this because they are real i've seen..Kidulthood,Adulthood, precious, city of god, fresh,slam,coach carter...ect...Does anyone know of any good ones? The movie doesnt have to be about minorities but i would prefer it. THX.
"John Q". "Ali". "The Great Debators". "Glory". "Tsotsi". "City of Men". "Freedom Writers". "Glory Road". . ??
What are some fun dates me and my boyfriend can do in the fall?
I don't have a lot of money. So, the cheaper the date idea is the better I am off. Were tired of going to the movies. So, we need new fresh date ideas please..
have a picnic at your local lake, and bring a loaf of bread to feed the ducks!
Why do dvd movies not playing????What to do?
when i click any of d link of movies ...page displays as "interenet  cannot display the webpage".Adobe flash player is also fresh..
That message usually only shows when the webpage is no longer available. The site you are trying to access has been taken down, and it's most likely because they were sharing movies illegally.
Was actress Robinne Lee on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"?
she was on a couple of will smiths movies and i think she was on fresh prince too, but i cant tell..
No Doesn't list her as being in any fresh Prince episodes in the list of Films/Tv Shows
Why doesn't windows dvd maker burn movies?
I have a fresh new dvd-r disk and a put it in my laptop to burn a movie using Windows DVD Maker and i set it up and everything then i have it burn the disk. I waited 2 hours for it to finish downloading then when it said it was finished it ejected the disk but it was completely blank. I tried burning a movie with nero and it did the same thing. Does anybody know why the movies do't burn onto the disk? Thanks!.
"Fresh" (1994 movie) questions?!?
I have 2 questions..... . 1. Why does Fresh cry at the end right before playing his dad at a game of chess?. . 2. Why does Fresh hang and then shoot his dog?.
help ,House arrested! looking for fresh ideas?
I'm on house arrest until march, i know the old  read books, lift weights, watch movies, but i'd like to hear some new fresh ideas, i already write songs and paly guitar anything elseee?.
invite friends over... play basketball in your front yard... get sports games going at your house... have friends bring home some dinner and pretend like youre at a restaurant... . . you can write songs about what you did to get house arrested... itd probably make a good story and song.. . beat every single internet game ever made haha.. . but shit... until march? thats forever... if ur old enough you can probably find one of those stupid sites that pays you money for getting people to go there... some of them actually do work lol... but you can make money on hous arrest by surfin the internet... sounds like a deal right... best of luck
Who would have thought the hip hop culture would produce an actor to make 8 straight movies grossing 100 mil?
Will smith formerly The Fresh Prince becomes the first actor in Hollywood history to make 8 straight movies that eclipsed 100 million dollars.  Hard to believe he's been around since 1987..
thats how great and universal hip hop can be, good job will
So, I want to go to the movies with my mom?
She's be complaining lately about wanting to have hot, fresh, buttered popcorn. . I just want it to be & her me. How do I ask and get her to say yes? I would like for us to go See College Road trip. I've seen it already(they've brought it back), but I think It'd be a realy good mom & me movie..
Just ask her...I don't see what the problem is. A good "hey want to see this movie with me mom?" should do it.. . My mom and I go to the movies together all the time!
She's be complaining lately about wanting to have hot, fresh, buttered popcorn. . I just want it to be her me. How do I ask and get her to say yes? I would like for us to go See College Road trip. I've seen it already(they've brought it back), but I think It'd be a realy good mom & me movie..
wtf just ask her?. . shed love to go see a film with her daughter
tell her it'd mean alot to you to spend some quality time together with a nice movie that is good for both of you.. . I Hope this helps
what is the name of a movie tears ago that people were being kept with their throats cut to make fresh sausage?
these people were in a garden with paper sacks over their heads and their throats cut to keep the meat fresh till prosessing time to insure the meat was fresh.
What are some good wedding songs that sound 'Fresh'?
like in movies such as bride wars, my best friends wedding, ect. . idk if that made any sense but... yeah! . thanks in advance!.
do you think new movies are unoriginal?
Like many movies nowadays feed off of over-used plots and clich?s  a little too tiresomely, like fantasy and romance movies- there's hardly anything fresh anymore? . . What do you think?.
everything these days is unoriginal b/c ppl just dont care anymore. rarely is there a movie that is not the same as every other movie before it.
Why dont they make a Fresh Prince of Bel-Air movie?
I think it could be a hit one more go around. Maybe a Christmas special or something trying to get the family back together one year or something..
OMG that would be awesome, I don't know why they never did it's a shame. They certainly could do it as the story of the family after the kids are all grown and married with kids but Will is way to busy and big maybe. Great idea!
Megan Fox is the most talented actress to ever grace Hollywood?
Not only is she the most stunningly gorgeous woman to ever grace the Earth, her performances are unmatchable. It astonishes me how she hasn't received Oscar nominations, let alone awards, for her movies. She is a breath of fresh air in such a terrible industry. How can so many people undermine her sheer talent and beauty? I believe she is God's gift to Earth.. I am 100% serious. She is VERY talented. You guys need to check yourselves out. Or you just all have horrible taste..
This is a joke right......HAHA
What Dose This Fresh Word Everyone Says Mean?
It Sounds Like, [Sak-Leh-Blooh]?. Sometimes I See It In Movies, & I Hear People Make Fun Of It Lol.
I think you mean Sacre Bleu! It means Sacred Blue, but it is considered a euphemism for Sacre Dieu - or sacred God. The blue part may refer to Mary, because she's often associated with the color.. It is an old (12th century or so) statement used to show surprise or anger, not so fresh after all. I don't think it's used in French speaking countries anymore. I know I heard it in movies and on cartoons when I was a kid, and my kids used it after hearing it in the same places. It also came back to life with every French class I took.. It's pronounced more like Sah-cray Bluh.
Great Romance movies ?
Hey!  Im more curious as to how Romance is nowadays , and i want to stock up GREAT ideas for the girl i like, and instead of the usual " Searching online for tips" , Maybe i thought i'd learn something great from a movie!. . So Does anybody know any great romance movies ? A little comedy in them would be great as well =) . . Oh.. but one catch: no old movies! , I like Recent ones fresher topics of romance and greater quality of the movie. ( No movies under Year 2000 please =) ). . Thanks!.
Griffin & Phoenix (2005)
how do I reload / refresh my flash movie from the beginning again?
I have a problem reloading and playing my flash movie from fresh again when it finishes playing (Like a loop). I use actionscript to animate and that adds and removes some movieclips and changes their coordinates. So if I replay the movie again, it keeps all new the settings and plays the movie all mixed-up without starting fresh again, in other words I need  the code to be read as if it was the first time again? I have tried to use code to reset the elements  and their attributes ect.. but still end up with  a problem. There just has to be a simpler way to refresh and load again?? Please not I need to have only one *.SWF file to run..
Do movie trailers need a fresh makeover, too many are cheesy and dated now?
I hate watching trailers for movies that make them look bad and cheesy. You know, the ones with the voice over by that guy that makes everything sound dramatic, the cheesy clips that make everything sound scary and suspenseful, so on and so forth? I can't tell you how many good movies I've missed in the theater because I hated the commercials. I actually think the movie "300" had a great trailer, probably the first original one I'd seen in a while. "21" had a horrible trailer, it made the movie look like some run-of-the-mill teen movie crap fest, when it really was quite well-made, aside from the flaws in the script..
Trailers have been getting quite...erm...well, lets just say it makes the movie boring. For example, a lot of comedy movies (there trailers) just show the funny parts in the movie, and in the movie, all the funny parts were in the trailer.
What do you want to see more of in tv shows?
Whether it is more realism, better characters, more drama ect,. . Or even something like the set, or something completely new. . . Perhaps even an entirely fresh concept? A movie-like feel?. . Just curious! Thanks..
Less nastiness! We don't need so many characters having sex with different people in each episode! We get it, she's a slut and he's a player! I wish shows had more substance. This example may be a bit too old but remember that sitcom "Boy Meets World"? That was a good, wholesome program that had enough comedy, drama, character, and warmth without being so Brady Bunch or Seventh Heaven. It was a good show. I know that may be a little too chipper and whatever for this generation's crowd - but Psych and CSI are awesome shows that can contribute to the "good part" of TV.. . Now all we get is thinly-veiled porn and hospitals full of ex-models with secret pasts involving drug work and alcoholism - not to mention she's sleeping with one of the patients.
What does the term daisy fresh mean?
I heard it in a movie once and I didn't quite understand the term....
"Fresh as a daisy" is an anglosaxon idiom meaning :. . Bright, vigorous and enthusiastic.
What are the whitest bands/songs/movies out there?
My answers are:. (and these are pretty fresh; they can be from any decade/year etc.). . band: Coldplay. song: Travis - Sing. movie: Juno. . Remember, thats just my opinion :) And those were just the first ones that popped in to my mind... seriuosly, I know theres like millions of them, so feel free to mention more than just one of each example =).
backstreet boys
What was the movie where the guy got the haircut, ran off without paying, but came back to pay?
Because he was able to get the job with the fresh haircut? I'm pretty sure it was one of the Barbershop movies, but I can't find anything about it online? Also, who was the character and actor? Thanks!.
It was the first Barbershop movie.. . It was J. David Shanks and his character's name was Lamar.
Have we run out of ideas with our movies?
It seems like every movie that comes out now is a remake, sequel, copied idea/plot of another movie, or a type of from-book-to-movie type of thing. In your opinion, have movies just become a cycle of unoriginal creations or mimicked ideas, or do think there is still some fresh ideas left out there?.
No, the movies are related because that's what the people want to see. Eventually people will want something else so that's where they'll go. All in good time.
Fresh Prince of Bel Air character question?
I believe it's season 5, Her movie name is Denise. Episode where they have wedding shower. . Anyone know her real name?.
It's Givens Robin obv xD
African American Black Teenager Drama Movies ?
Where kids like ages 17 or less and are involved in gang activities and hard street life, These movies are interesting could anyone name a few examples include squeeze 1995 or fresh 1994.
whats a good movie about kids dealing with drugs cutting school and etc?
hey im looking for a movie dealing with kids going throught the wrong path like smoking drinkin cutting class and etc tell me any movie thy comes to mind but btw im not looking for movies like fresh just gimmie any movie tht comes to mind.
Thirteen. It's great.
Who wants to see Will Smiths new movie Seven Pounds?
Just bored and was wondering cuz I really want to. Its amazing how far hes come from being on The Fresh Prince of Bel Air and now hes doing huge movies, I loved The Pursuit of Happyness, that was so good and sad at the same time. It seems like everything he plays in is amazing. Oh but I cant wait to see his new movie. I also like Denzel Washington. I know this is a lot but im just really bored and was wondering if you want to see his new movie, and also what do you think of the two actors lol?.
I want to see it. The previews they have been showing left out a lot of info and it didn't really make sense to me so I went online to try and find out more of the storyline. Now that I know he is depressed b/c his wife died and he wants to help seven people before he kills himself but falls in love with one of them I'm really interested in finding out how the story ends. It should be really interesting and a tear jerker.
Some movies and games ideas?
We have our annual youth group camp coming up and I am in charge of organising games for the two-hour Sat morning session. The theme this year is "Movies" and I'm fresh out of ideas. The kids are ages 12 - 16. Thanks!!.
Have a jet relay race! Top Gun style.
1968 Oliver! movie musical: me fresh paint?
apparently upon meeting oliver, dodger says "don't tell me u don't know what the beak is, me fresh paint." altho in the script it says he says "me flash mate.". . what would me fresh paint mean?.
Didn't he say, "me fresh mate"? Meaning, "my new friend"? That would make more sense, I think...
What are your favorite childhood tv shows or movies?
gummybears, carebears, strawberry sortcake, beetlejuce, my little pony, fresh prince of belair, sabrina the teenage witch, boy meets world, home improvement, buffy the vampire slayer, saved by the bell.... and dont get me started about movies! (parents trap topped my list along with sleeping beauty, the little mermaid, home alones, etc). . I definiely think kiddie shows nowadays suck (dora the explorer.. please!) ... but i would actually still watch the shows i wrote above ...(dob: 1989)
Most accurate:. . Cross of Iron. Full Metal Jacket. 84 Charlie MoPic. Saving Private Ryan. Band of Brothers (TV). Blackhawk Down. Letters From Iwo Jima. Gallipoli. All Quiet On The Western Front. To Hell and Back. . Inaccurate but fun:. . A Bridge Too Far. The Longest Day. Patton. The Sands of Iwo Jima. Jarhead. The Hurt Locker. Stripes. Apocalypse Now . MASH. . Really bad:. . Heartbreak Ridge. The Green Berets. Inchon. Battle of the Bulge
Do you have an excellent movie to suggest seeing?
Do you have a movie to recommend seeing in the comedy, action-adventure, or sci-fi genres? I am really burned out on all the carbon copy superhero, car chase, horror, and jap kick-ass action movies that hollywood is spewing out these days. Hollywood has got to stop catering to the international audience, and come up with some fresh ideas! I appreciate any offerings, thanks..
Comedy - Bean, Mr. Bean's holiday, See no evil Hear no Evil, Along Came Polly, There's Something about Mary, Johnny English, Get Smart, Bruce Almighty, Evan Almighty. . Action/adventure - I am Legend, Inkheart, National Treasure 1,2, Ghostrider. . Sci-fi - Doom, The Island
Are we ready for the World Trade Center movies?
Went to see the Davinci Code last night, and before the movie started, they had a preview of Oliver Stone's new movie 'The World Trade Center' about the events of September 11. And since there is the other movie out now United 93...it made me wonder...are we ready to see movies about the events of that day? Are the emotions still to fresh almost 5 years later?.
no, i think it is still too raw for so many people. i can still remember how horrified i was watching it all unfold on TV at home in the UK. i do feel tho that the brave people of flight 93 should have their stories told, i hope it is respectful to all the victims and their families and friends. .
how to keep popped popcorn fresh longer?
my mom gets loads of popcorn from the movie store she works at and dont want it to go to waste what are some ways to make it stay fresh longer or other things to do with about 10 pounds of it.
I worked at a movie theater when i was in school. I would get to bring it home as well ,but I never had to worry there were 5 kids in my family,it never had time to go stale..  they sell plastic storage containers called Lock-n lock they are sold on qvc shopping channel  but some department stores now carry them as well, . they are great I have a lot of them  they work good.
Why won't my movies play in Windows Media Center?
I have encoded them into the proper format, but they just won't play.  It just acts like the movie just finished every time I hit play.  It used to work just fine, but after a fresh install of Media Center the videos that once played will no longer play.  I have downloaded divx, xvid, and other codecs but none of them are resolving the issue.  Any guidance would be greatly appreciated..
Have you tried downloading and trying VLC player? I don't know a lot about codecs and such, but when my videos don't work on Windows Media Player, they seem to work fine in VLC for me.
Which one? Popcorn at movies or popcorn from Kernels? ?
Kernels is a popcorn shop, the popcorn is fresh, so don't worry about 'cold popcorn'.. . I'm going to the movies but, I don't know if I should buy the theaters popcorn or Kernels, Kernels has different flavours, like Jalapeno Jack and White Cheese, but I do like the theaters popcorn.. . Help? xD.
Sneak it in if you really like the  popcorn from Kernels.  However, most theaters frown upon you bringing your own food since they want you to buy theirs.
How can I watch this movie online?
I watch this preview movies online, but there is a limit to how many pre-views you can watch. I've reached the limit and now unable to view more. My questions are:. 1. How does the site track my view? . 2. How can I reset things to get fresh new previews (oh, yeah, it's a porn site, hehe). . Last time, when I got to the limit, days later, I formatted my computer, and reinstalled things. As I tried visiting the site again, I discovered that I have fresh counts of previews again. What happened?.
FRESH THOUGHTS: Intelligent Design vs Darwinism. Argue your position and why?
Best answer will be based on this criterion. (this is not a hw question). . -Well detailed argued thought. No trite "witty" answers. --Comparison of the movie and book. Pros and cons of each. -*** answer that offers new insight into the debate than what is typically the norm****. -You may quote texts and movies but please no statistics.. . Best answer is based on quality of the answer. Not personal belief. My motivation for putting up this question is to try and gain new insight on the matter than what is typically put forth. Im looking for fresh stuff. Ive read the god delusion and other stuff, and watched expelled and many live debates. Im using yahoo answers as the medium to perceive the debate on the internet also in an intelligble manner. I dont need your thought on my motivation- i understand this could end up horribly or go somewhat welll. Im looking for something new.. . Good Luck. .
Here's a problem with the debate that is overlooked:  ID is a philosophical theory; Darwinism (at least in its contemporary biological form) is a scientific theory with weakened philosophical roots.  Clearly ID addresses the 'deep' questions while Darwinism provides the adequate explanation of empirical facts.  To compare them properly, we need a 'deep' philosophical theory of evolution.  There are many of them out there, but none have really met much popular success.  These sorts of theories generally have an advantage over ID type theories in that they have the resources to explain changes; this is what evolution is all about...how one state of being evolves (by certain rules laid down by the theory) into other states of being.  ID theories by contrast are weak on this front; a designer made everything as it is today...and thats it.  Sure things have changed a bit (they must have), but ID gives no account of what these changes amount to and how they occur.  Darwinism can make sense of these changes.
Fresh(1994) White a paragraph describing "street smarts." Consider examples from the film and from your life.
Fresh(1994) Boaz Yakin. Movie about some young kid outsmarting the gangsters I think. I couldn't find a link for the movie and I was hoping to ask for help on my homework, or a movie link. Spoilers welcomed! Whoever watched the movie please give me details about the street smarts in the movie, thanks!.
write one and we will critique it!
Movies similar to Drive (2011)?
I loved the movie, the soundtrack, and the fresh mixture of style and substance. Can you guys recommend some similar thrillers?? Please have description or IMDb link of the movie. Thank you!.
I need to find the English word for this?
What's the name of those asian (chinese most likely) things that women used to wave with to get fresh air..? In movies they usually use them to "hide" their face with or even to use as a weapon.. I just dont know the english word for it!.
Chinese fans are beautifully lacquered with Chinese designs and pictures, similar to the fans used by the Japanese, which have Japanese motifs. Hope this helps
For Fresh Prince and Family Guy viewers?
Do you think the Family Guy episode, To Live and Die In Dixie was copied from the Fresh Prince: The Movie episode? Both of them involve one character witnessing a murder. But the murderer finds out who they are. They are moved into a witness protection program in the South. The murderer on FG finds out where the family is located, because an FBI agent tells him, and on FP, the murderer breaks into the house and finds a letter telling where they are. On FP, it turns out that the storie was made up by Will and Carlton to scare Jazz. On FG, they kill the murderer and leave. So do you think elements were copied from the FP episode to make the FG episode?.
Probably dude.. . They both seem really similar, so yup...... . :]. . - Lina ?
How much is 214 megabytes of space on my XBOX?
My 360 was just cleared up and it says I have 214 megabytes of free space as I just deleted everything that was on it from games to TV shows and movies. So now I have a clean and fresh XBOX 360.. . How much is 214 megabytes of space in gigabytes?.
How do movie stars get a close shave?
In movies such as die hard 4, Bruce Willis has a perfectly shaven head with no stubble. I shave my head regurally but there is always stubble after a fresh shave, how do they manage such a close shave..
Keep the stubble :) I like it, I bet it really suits you.
What is the name of any movies with the hentai character with the pink and green hair?
Her name is Hinoki Sai, from the anime series Betterman. However, Betterman is not a hentai anime. It's a horror/mecha anime. She IS hot though. =)
How does mass media negatively affect our society and culture?
Sex, violence, drugs, alcohol, laziness... All are on TV in ads, shows, reality shows, movies, news... I think I'm missing something! I need fresh ideas! Speak your mind..
Whodunnit movies of the 1920's - 1950's?
I am a high school sophomore working on my master screenplay.  I go to a vocational high school.  I will write, produce, and direct my movie, probably using 16mm film.  Anyway, my story is an homage to old whodunnut? mysteries.  It is original, and fresh, plus it has a twist at the end of it that I really enjoy.  Yet, while directing, and rewriting it, I want to give many cliches to the film.  Examples are a young woman screaming after a gunshot and a sinister German doctor.  If someone could provide me with a lengthy list of Whodunnits from the era I would greatly appriciate it.  On a plus, if you could maybe give me some cliches you know of, I will be sure to add them to the screenplay, to raise the style.. . My movie will be sent into festivals.  Thank you..
Check out mystery movies with Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake!  Here's a link with great quotes.
What are some good movies?
Pride. The Great Debaters . Akeelah and the Bee. Glory Road. Cool Runnings. Remember the Titans . The Express: Ernie Davis Story. The Longshots with Ice Cube. Finding Forrester. Antwone Fisher. John Q
Gangsta movies like...?
new jersey drive. thicker than water. baby boy. south central. four brothers. above the rim. jason's lyric. poetic justice. dont be a menace with drinkin' your juice in the hood - lol
How do I save what's on my iPod to the computer?
Okay. I want to wipe my iPod and start fresh but I want to save music, movies, and pictures. I read that it's impossible to put music from your iPod to your computer. Is this true? Please help?????. . Thank you in advance. Hopefully for good news.. . . Also don't just say it can be done. Either tell me it can't or tell me how to do it..
why do all new movies suck?
im just sick of remakes and prequels and sequels when i was very little about that age were you ask why all the time i asked my mom what is gonna happen in the future when they have used all the ideas for movies and music and of course she said i don't have to worry about that and to my horror it is happening i haven't seen a original idea in long time of course there are few exceptions but for the most part hollywood has run dry on new fresh ideas  when filmmakers ran into a problem on how to make something work or look good they had to put alot of time and effort into making it happen and that effort really showed up on screen now all problems are fixed with cg and i don't know about the rest of ya but i have 20 20 vision and cg looks like crap looks like a video game you cant play and when 98 percent of the movie is filmed in front of green screen the movie lacks heart good acting great looking sets and it looks bad i haven't been to the movies in about 5 years and one more thing 3d was invented in the 50s its nothing new when i was in highschool in the 90s i thought by the time im my age the movies would be so great and fresh but i was so wrong. one of my friends saw suckerpunch and said it sucked big surprise also that movie was filmed 100 percent in front of green screen what a joke.
How do you copy photos from you Ipod to your computer?
I want to start my computer over fresh. So while my computer gets reformatted, all my media files are going to be transfered to my other computer.. . I've already put all 7 seasons of Scrubs onto my computer, many of my movies, and all 3,000 songs of my music onto my laptop.... . So now all I have left is my photos.. . I just want a shareware/freeware product that would simply just stick around 300 photos onto my computer without any hassle.. . Thanks....
Quite simple really. Make a folder for your iPod pictures. . . Then in Itunes with the iPod plugged in, click on the Photo tab. Check the box that says "Sync Photos From" you'll have the options to choose a folder (normally it'll be set to whatever your photo program is like photoshop elements or iPhoto). . . It will then automatically size a copy for the ipod and transfer then the next time you sync .. . PS: If you authorize your new copy of iTunes it won't automatically erase your ipod. (Click store then authorize computer, make sure you deauthorized your old computer if you will no longer use itunes on it, or least the old installation). . . IF the seasons of scrubs and all that are itunes purchases you can also easily click "Copy purchases from ipod" after you authorize the computer.
What are some good ideas for a student run newspaper in a highschool?
It's my first year on my newspaper staff and we were asked to come up with fresh, new ideas of things we'd like to go into the paper. I'm a little stuck on thinking about new things. So far with have an Opinion page, a Sports page, Feature Page....and a page about upcoming movies/music.. . Any Ideas?.
Yes.  Feature one student each time that the paper gets printed.  For example: Ann Jones was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.  She enjoys horse back riding, fishing, and running in her spare time.  She is involved with her local church, and she wants to be a firefighter someday...  This sort of article will give your peers a chance to get to know each other.
How to remove fatigue and to be enthusiastic ?
I am working lady, whole day busy for 16-17 hrs, but not feeling fresh, I pull all the daily cores which can't avoid.  I have to do lot more things like my hobbies of singing, watching movies, going for outing, but has no enthu, whole body aching all the time. How to be active and happy and enthusiastic ?.
Well that depends on many factors...your age is a big one...you could first try sleeping longer (if you're getting less then 8 hours) or sleeping less (if you are sleeping 10 or more hours. Sleeping to long has the reverse effect and makes you more tired) if that's not the problem, you may be depressed. ask your doctor about it, maybe they can prescribe something . If that doesn't work get some blood work done, low Iron can make you VERY tired. If you are not getting enough vitamin D you can also feel worn down. Fish oil pills can help and any kind of B-complex vitamins. If none of this works, then you are simply over-doing it. You need to let go of some of the things you do in a day. Relax once in a while you're stressing you're body out
Does anybody know any new fresh working proxies?
im in my last day at school and we are doing nothing but sitting in the computer doing nothing. i wanna watch a movie but its blocked. thx.
What to do at a 15 year old teenage girl sleepover?
there are two of us, we both are really crazy and silly and i need some ideas for stuff to do! its tonight and we are seeing new moon tomorrow but we need ideas for stuff to do tonight and tomorrow morning! this is what we have so far: mummy making, cookie baking, music, board games, movies, photoshoot, makeovers, stuff like that. please nothing innapropriate or something like truth or dare...some fresh ideas please!. thanks!.
Does anyone know what movie the line "Fresh fish." came from?
My mom and her co-workers are playing a movie trivia game for a meeting at their job (for door prizes), and she has all the movie lines except this one.  It is also possible they misquoted the line, since I am a pretty good movie buff and can't figure it out, lol.  Anyway, if anyone knows I'd appreciate the answer! Thanks! =].
What Are The Weirdest Movies You Ever Seen?
On the subject of weird movies. Movies, like The Dreamers, Pink Flamingos, Fresh, etc.. Little Children is up there too.. good rocky horror is weird and good by the way by weird i dont mean bad I happen to like these movies. I would also throw in a Scanner Darkly, Wristcutters, and Darjeeling Limit. good rocky horror is weird and good by the way by weird i dont mean bad I happen to like these movies. I would also throw in a Scanner Darkly, Wristcutters, and Darjeeling Limit. good rocky horror is weird and good by the way by weird i dont mean bad I happen to like these movies. I would also throw in a Scanner Darkly, Wristcutters, and Darjeeling Limit. All good choices and dont forget Closer thats strange..
Liquid Sky (1982) - Science fiction. . Breakfast of Champions (1999) - Weird movie version of a great Kurt Vonnegut book.
what's with all the horror movies lately? nothing else seems original?
is it me or does it seem that there are more horror movies in theaters then other category movies? are so many writers out of ideas that they can't write something original anymore? . and im talking fresh new stories NOT remakes .....
Well you're right, but It's called the Hollywood Machine, it churns out crap that they think the public will love and flock to, they don't go for original story lines, or new actors with talent.  That is sadly how the movies will continue to be....never change
What are some romantic ways I can surprise my girlfriend?
So basically, my girlfriend is always telling me how much she would like it for me to be spontaneous, and romantic, like in old movies. I do at times, I'll pretend I'm looking at something, and then kiss her on the cheek when she goes to see what it is, I'll slip little love notes into her pocket, things like that, but I'm looking for some fresh ideas. So yeah, any suggestions would be greatly appreciated..
I just ordered a vermont teddy bear for my girlfriend and it will be delivered to her on her birthday. Flowers are nice, but they die. This will last forever.....
So Far, which movies do you think are better, summer 2009 or summer 2010?
This summer because of Inception.. screw best movie of this summer, best movie of this LIFETIME.
Inspirational movies.. easy 10 pts =]?
I want movies that are either about people who tought they'd never make it but they did, or about someone starting fresh after very horrible experiences, a feel-good movie :) suggestions please xx.
My Sister's Keeper.. Forrest Gump. Stalker. American Beauty. Simon Birch. Fried Green Tomatoes. Ever After. Stepmom. Babe . Hairspray. Legally Blonde. Slumdog Millionaire. Dirty Dancing. Goodwill Hunting. The Princess Bride. Rudy. Remember the Titans. Gridiron Gang. The Pursuit of Happiness. Serendipity. Groundhog Day (although this movie is kind of annoying lol). My Big Fat Greek Wedding. Jerry Maguire. The Wizard Of Oz. Ferris Bueller?s Day Off. Princess Diaries. Clueless. While You Were Sleeping. . Let me know if you need more!!
People born in the 80s: Name some awesome shows and movies?
D2: the Mighty Ducks. Blank Check. Bill and Ted's Most Excellent Adventure. Rumble in the Bronx. the Wayans Brothers. the Fresh Prince of Bel Air. Family Matters.
Wonder Years. Ghostbusters. Caddyshack. License to Drive. Home Alone. Uncle Buck. Planes, Trains & Automobiles
Where can I find a Due Date movie shirt?
Im trying to find a cool, cheap and fresh shirt about my favorite movie "Due Date"... Does anyone know where I can find one?.
Guys NEED your help to make a animated short film......!!!..suggest some good and fresh topics ..?
HEllo evryone,  i want to know some good topics on which a animated short film can be made, this would be my third individual animation movie, so i wanted the idea which could come from people. Anything which you could suggest please help me to...:).
GUY TAKES A DUMP AND THE POOP TALK TO EACH OTHER LMAO GOOD STUFF
How to have the best teen sleepover ever?
My two BFF's are coming over for a sleepover and one of them its the first time she has slept over. Im going to make them both gifts but i need some ideas of what we can do, i already know scary storys would you rather, truth or dare, watching movies and different stuff that ppl usually do. I want some new fresh ideas and its ok if it costs a little something. just not a whole lot, they are both 14 and im 15 too, nothing dirty please.
How can I non-destructively convert a FAT32 drive to HFS+ on a Mac?
I have a 1TB drive is music and movies. I do not have the space to move the data off the drives and do a fresh format. I need to do a non-destructive file system conversion. Any ideas how I can do this?.
The FAT format structure is quite different from others like NTFS and HFS and a complete format is necessary to change it.
Is it possible to exist in a world where people only work to better our way of life and the world?
Instead of financial gain and power what if humans only worked to better themselves and life. . Why are we asked to donate money to cancer research when things like Hollywood movies are on infinite budgets?. Why are they building a golden sky scraper in Dubai when they don't have anything to give them fresh water?. . I just don't get it, it's odd..
Yes .. that very concept exists in the way of Communism . Don't believe all the propaganda cr@p  that suggests Communists are all hippies with no intent on doing anything but sponging off others and freeloading all their lives . the contrary is the reality . In a true communist " state " all work is undertaken to benefit all and not to fulfil selfish desires to acquire personal wealth . Unfortunately for us who believe that such a system would benefit the masses and free us all from the slavery we are caught up in , we are in the minority and as the majority rule ( and are often indoctrinated to maintain the status quo ) there is no realistic chance in the near future that such a way of life will be realised .
What are your top 5 favourite movies?
mine are fresh, Finding Nemo, Blood diamond, Hotel Rwanda, and Brotherhood.
The Evil Dead. The Martian Chronicles. Alien. The Exorcist. Predator 2
Rich people movies?
I'm doing an essay that deals with how rich people are analyzed in the media.  The idea is to pick 5 sources that deal with rich people.  I have a few sources already but can't think of any others.  An example would Richie Rich, MTV Cribs, and The Fresh Prince of Bel Air.  Does anyone know any movies that deal with rich people?.
The Devil Wears Prada
Why do American highways and British highways differ so much?
I've noticed mostly by driving on our (America's) highways and freeways, they are a very pale grey. But I see that in movies like 28 Days Later, which are set in Britain, that their freeways are a very stark black, they look like fresh asphalt all the time. its a very random question but does anyone know why?.
The reason is actually quite simple: the make up of the aggregate and formula of the road surface differs.  From a driving point of view, black is actually better during the day as it reduces eye-strain.
What kind of jobs are available in the film industry?
As I try to decide what to do with my life, I have been thinking about going to college in order to help produce television shows or films, but can't really find out what kind of jobs are available. If I do find a job that seems slightly interesting, I cannot find an explanation as to what that person would do while helping to make movies or television shows possible. In high school I have been property manager for many musicals and plays. I have also served as stage manager many, many times. I am creative and artisitc. Most of my ideas are fresh and unexpected. Oh, and I'm looking for a job that might win me an Emmy, to be honest. Hah. Thanks!!.
All of your question could be answered if ou search the Washington state employment office web site. I know this is not for the employment end of it. they have wonderful links on the left side of the page.
How to legally vanish and obtain a new identity?
Hey to all.  . . I have no criminal record what-so-ever.  My credit is decent.  I want to just "disappear" and obtain a new identity. Start fresh, I guess you could say...start over new.  . . Sort of like going into a witness protection program, but not necessarily be in one.  I see it in the movies all the time and would love to do it today if possible.  I have no one chasing me or any drama like that.  I just want to live a new life and end the old me.  Relocate...reestablish myself, etc.. . Does anyone know if this can be done legally?.
i dunno but if ya figure it out let me know!!!
I'm looking for some good horror movies I haven't seen yet. Got any good ones in mind?
Can I erase my fingerprint from any surface just by smudging it hard?
If I hold an object and plaster my prints over it, can I erase them by simply sliding my hand firmly out? I've noticed that on dusty surfaces, (or any surface where fingerprints show to the naked eye), sliding my hand out erases the print, and there is no fresh print of the sliding hand/finger. I know if i lift my hand directly, i leave a fresh print, but what if I drag it to and off the edge? .    We've all seen in it in the movies, where the guy cleans his gun with a cloth, but can he do it with his hands too? Ofcourse I may have not noticed something in my crude little experiment, but is it possible? Is it really possible to disguise the print with your fingers itself?.
no you really need to just not touch anything that you can leave fingerprints on if you don't want them to show up on anything.  But you need to rub it with some windex or greese cleaner to get it off.  And if it is wood using furniture polish works.
does anyone know why the boy was crying at the end of the movie called "fresh"?
right before him and his father started their chess game, the boy started crying, and then it just went off, it felt deep but i couldnt understand that part?????.
He was over come with all the pain he had gone through and did not know how to tell his father.
Things to do at a sleepover with 2 teenage girls?
I am having a sleepover tonight with my friend and i really want some fun stuff i can do with her. She's here during daylight & darkness so any suggestions are good. Also nothing like Truth or Dare and Watching Movies cuz they're just boring and old. I'm looking for some FRESH ideas.. . Suggestions??. . Thanks.. x oh..
Paint Nails. Youtube. Prank Call. Get a old matress and jump. Makeovers. Board Games. Make a wierd dish.( all ur fav. foods ) . Watch dumb tv shows.. Pranks. Pick out crazy clothes and walk round the neighborhod. Have ice cream eating contests.   . Text frends. . See who can get more texts in 10 minutes . Braid hair. Surf the web.. Have a spa night.
Where can I find a good price for the One tree hill box set?
I like One tree hill because it feels like something fresh and at the same time more emotional. Some episodes have incredible and beautiful stories, that reminds movies like "stand by me" or the first episodes of dawson's creek, it's that kind of innocence and at the same time deep drama where the whole cast make a terrific(unforgettable) work. I would like to own all the series for myself :D.
Why are Filipino Movies always the same and deals with Forbidden Love?
Hi all, my girlfirend is Filipino and she makes me watch these cheesy, corny and predictable Filipino Movies in which to me the plot is redundant. It either has to deal with Forbidden Love, Teenage love or Long lost love. Doesn't the directors and script writers have anything more original to write? I mean, c'mon think outside the box people, like when was the last time a Filipino Film was nominated at the Sundance Film Festival for A Best Foreign Picture? Are you guys turning into "Bollywood" now? Is it because nobody will watch your Movie if you try to make something new, fresh and original? That's why every Movie Director in the Philippines follow suit because that's where the Money is?.
"That's why every Movie Director in the Philippines follow suit because that's where the Money is?". . Don't blame directors, blame the producers. The producers have the money and the prerogative on what movies they want to make.. . In any case, Filipinos, in general, like commercial sappy love stories where there are a lot of conflicts. Filipinos also love stories of pathetic underdogs rising to greatness. It has become a cultural thing. Somehow, it's sad, but could we really do anything about it?. . However, if you want noteworthy Filipino films, then watch old films made by great directors like Lino Brocka and Ishmael Bernal. No other contemporary Filipino director today can compare to the two. (Both are already deceased, by the way... sad.). . The bright spot in Filipino movies are the so-called "indie films" (independent films). They work on low budgets but the stories are very good. Two noteworthy indie films that have got international awards are "Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros" and "Kubrador".. . "Kubrador" (2006) has won an award/s in Amiens International Film Festival, Brisbane International Film Festival, Brussels International Independent Film Festival and the Moscow Film Festival.. . If you want a Sundance Film Festival nominated Filipino film, watch "Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros" (2005). That film has also garnered nominations and awards from the Montreal World Film Festival, and Rotterdam International Film Festival.. . The University of the Philippines-Diliman film center also shows great Filipino films from time to time. You might want to visit that with your Filipino girlfriend to enjoy noteworthy films. And ticket prices are not as expensive as movie theaters in shopping malls.
How do i delete my netflix history?
I watched a couple movies on my netflix Instant queue that i am not proud of, if i change my account information to a different e mail address, then cancel my netflix account and sign up again with the original email address will the account start fresh since i changed it ?.
Seems like a lot of work when you can just call them. They should be able to help you out. Just ask them to purge all your history so you're not embarrassed.
Does anybody know how the American Schooling system works compared to the Australian Schooling system?
Is Drake the new Fresh Prince?
I can spot a couple of obvious similitudes between these two.. . Q2: If he is, do you think he will be able to turn into a successful movie star? If he's not, what are some differences that set him apart from Will Smith?.
NO!!!  He does not have the "rapping" abilities of Will Smith..Will Smith never "bit" off anyone else's career and always did his own thing...Drake is always biting off Lil Wayne..... Q2:  No....he isn't 1/4 of what Will Smith is..Drake had a small cornball part...he'll never amount to acting...he is a really good songwriter and that is what he should do.  RIght now he is writing for Rhianna's upcoming album...that is what he does best.. Peace, Love & Happiness
Do you ever wish you could watch a movie or read a book again for the first time?
Despite the fact that some books/movies need to be read/seen again in case you missed something, nothing matches that first viewing. The characters are fresh, the ending is a surprise. Don't you ever wish you could just erase your memory of a movie or book and watch it over and over for the first time?.
DEFINITELY!  You have no idea how many times I've wished this.  But, the closest you can get is watching it with someone who's never seen / read it.  . . With movies, it's especially the ones that give you an adrenaline rush.  You just don't get that with subsequent viewings:  . Jurassic Park. Alien. Aliens. Die Hard. Raiders of the Lost Ark. Star Wars IV-VI. . Or when I've got the movie memorized so I don't get much out of it anymore:  Godfather I and II, The Shining, My Fair Lady, etc.. . With books, I don't notice it as much except when I have the books memorized.  The Belgariad is the best example that comes to mind.
Shuold they have a Fresh Prince of Bel-air Reunion movie?
like just a tv movie or a theater one? and would you go see it?.
i'm an avid fan of fresh prince of bel-air...so its the best thing if they will have a sort of reunion movie and i will definitely watch it..;>
downloaded movies play sound fine but picture is much slower how do i solve this problem?
when I try to watch movies downloaded from the net on any of my media players the sound is fine but the picture is out of sync. it is impossible to watch on full screen and still difficult on the small screen. I have xvid, divx and xp codec pack 2 it was working fine before my computer crashed but I have since reinstalled xp and all my apps from fresh after wiping my hard drive I thought it was to do with the resolution on my monitor but nomatter what setting I use I still get the problem. Pls help..
Any famous fresh water fish/goldfish from famous story/movie/etc?
I can't think of any... I mean, there is Nemo. But he is a salt water fish. Same with Flounder and Ariel. Help!.
Elmos fish dorothy the fish from cat in the hat and cosmo and wanda they turn into fish in the fairly oddparents
What are some things girls can do at sleepovers?
It's friday yall!! btw we have the whole house to ourselves. Okay we do the usual: Prank calls, rate guys in bed, talk about cute boys, watch movies, pillow fights, facials, makeovers,etc.. But now it's getting hella boring. We need fresh ideas. Please help!.
Okay we do the usual: Prank calls, rate guys in bed, talk about cute boys, watch movies, pillow fights, facials, makeovers,etc.. But now it's getting hella boring. We need fresh ideas. Please help!. . Thanks.
Recommend Korean movies?
I'm looking for a movie to watch with a "fresh", unique story, kind of like Castaway On The Moon! Thank you. =).
my girlfriend is an agent. doremifasolasido. millionaire's first love. ...ing. baby and i
hey! u might not believe me but i once acted in the show fresh prince..i played little baby niki?
and did a few other movies in the past but i dnt feel like bragging i just need to know if anyone knows wat site i can write will smith can someone please tell me!!!.
How many movies on Rotten Tomato...?
were voted 100% fresh? I know that Say Anything was, but do you know any others? Also, what got a 0%?.
Does anyone know how to make an simple flower wreath?
Ok you know how when you watch movies like for example Braveheart that take place in the OLD days, and you see like a mom make a little flower wreath for her daughter to wear on her head or for a bride on  her wedding day? Well I dont have the slightest idea how to make one but I would love to learn. I wanna pick just simple fresh flowers that grow outside and make one for Beltane. Does anyone know?.
Most wreaths use a vine for the base frame.  Then the stems of the flower are woven into the "crown".  The weave is a simple wrapping of three or so staggered 16"- 24" vines  that twist, and overlap like a subtle braid just enough to interlock the twisting twines.    Thinner flexible vines work better.  Books are widely available.  Craft stores sell fake flowers (silk or plastic), and your florists or supermarket have raw supplies.
Larry clark movies.....art or perverted/disturbing?
you got Kids, Bully, Wassup Rockers, Ken Park, Gummo.  What is everyone's opinon if you have seen them,  discusting and perverted,  or great movies that dipict the art of film making in a different and fresh, daring light?.
What happened to the Pilots life after dropping the Atom Bomb in the two cities?
As a survivor of two combat tours in Vietnam, I can honestly say that I never shot at anyone who wasn't trying to shoot me first, and I have no regrets doing what I did.  When it gets right down to him or me, I'm going to do my absolute best to make sure it's not me!. . . You can find answers to some of your other questions on this web site...
Have you seen The Houston Chronicle report that Obama wants to turn the ICE detention center?
To answer the last part of your question I have trouble believing Obama is of sound mind.  His parents and grandparents appear to be radical.  Start with his mother was named Stanley Ann because his father wanted a boy.  His grandfather thought the radical Communist author and poet Frank Marshall Davis would be a good father figure.  His father was a Communist and Alcoholic.  His mother apparently had a taste for many things your typical American girl did not.  How many need to travel to Indonesia in pursuit of family bliss.  At the time of her first marriage most people looked for hookups with a similar background.  Her lot would have been seen as radical almost anywhere.
Cute outfit for the movies?
So I am going to the movies with a group of friends, and i have NOTHING to wear! Yes I have a WHOLE closet full of clothes but I want something more fresh and new kinda... is there any way i can like mix and match my outfits so they look rly cute? or tell me some cute outfit ideas? Thanks!! :).
Going To the Movies With This Guy!! Help!!?
Okay, so m e and this guy have been talking for about two weeks but we haven't met yet because we both have just been busy. I went to the same middle school as him, but we never talked there. The other day he asked me if I would be his girlfriend, and I just said I think we need to meet each other first. I could tell that he really wanted me to say yes, because he was like please and everything. He ended up saying that he loved me, but I told him I wasn't ready to say it yet.. . So tonight we're going to the movies together, and I know he's wanting to make out with me because he said he was going to. Plus when he asked me to be his girlfriend, he was like well when we hang and I ask you, will you say yes. And i was just like i don't know yet.. . So my questions are... . 1. How to make out with him at the movies?. 2. Plus how to keep my breath fresh?. 3. If he asks me to go out with him, should I? Or should I wait?. . Thanks:). Okay I'm almost 15, and he's 15..
Did the Will Smith movie pursuit of happiness get its story line from the will smith episode of fresh prince?
In the movie he does the rubiks cube and gets the job.....in the fresh prince episode...they werent going to let him in until they saw him do the rubiks cube....i kinda felt ripped off.. they didnt let him into princeton i failed to mention.
Is taking a girl with a boyfriend to the movies cheating on the boyfriend?
If there is nothing but friendship and the boyfriend is aware of that, then its not cheating.  If she doesn't tell him, either before they go out, or soon after, the boyfriend might see it as cheating.
Is the movie The Devil Wears Prada a great job-training movie for people fresh out of college?
I'm 28 years old, and I can safely say I have accomplished more than most of my college friends. My first boss at my very first job was as bad a Miranda Priestly from the movie The Devil WeaBIOSPrada. My boss was just like her, she treated her subordinates in a manner that borders on emotional and psychological abuse. . . During my first job after college, I worked like I've never worked in my life. My boss made me do so many things that were not part of my job description. She was a merciless, cruel woman, making the experience of being her assistant a living hell. I sacrificed my personal life for a year, but I was able to keep up with her unrealistic expectations just like Andrea Sachs did. Eventually I quit after one long difficult year.. . However, I gained a lot from working for her. I learned the real meaning of working hard and going the extra mile for your job. While most of my college friends would complain about the most insignificant things about their jobs, I learned what it meant to make sacrifices for your job.. . Today, I'm 28 years old, and I'm doing better than every one of my college friends. Ever since working for my first boss, I have not worked as hard. But I have worked harder than what's expected of me, and that's what got me ahead. . . Today, I'm grateful for having my first boss being such a sociopath. I've had problems at my job and with my boss from time to time, but nothing ever compares to the problems I had during my first job, so for that I am grateful.. . A lot of college students and college graduates need to understand that they need to do enormous efforts to excel in their jobs. . . Should the movie The Devil Wears Prada be used for job-training?.
What your first boss taught you was to stand up for yourself.  But there is no need to put up with abuse at work and I wouldn't put this movie at the top of my training list.. . FWIW your generation has an off-putting sense of entitlement that you have learned won't get you far in the business world.  You learned the hard way the value of going above and beyond instead of whining about how hard things are.. . I wish your first boss would have been a better manager.  There is no need to learn things this way.  But you often learn valuable lessons from those that are the most demanding.  It sounds like you listened, and then acted in your own interest to improve your situation.  Good for you!!
