In the new year I am not going to consume alcohol, do any kind of drugs or have any kind of sexual relations xxxxxxx
Even though I'm just chillin I kind of want to wear my new dress for NYE
I kind of want to take a new picture. I might do tomorrow. It gives me an excuse to make my hair nice and put my lovely jumper on.
I'm kind of sad that I leave the day after new years but hey I gotta do what I gotta do and that's go to school & run track!
I was supposed to make something happen one last thing b4 the new year...looking kind of dead now... =/
Happy new year everyone!may god bless each one of us for this new year ahead..good bye 2011!be good and kind to me 2012!!!
I am a deeply religious nonbeliever -- this is a somewhat new kind of religion.
Wow, hello all you new followers and a happy new year! Been kind of quiet recently but normal service will be resumed soon. :-)
Any new years resolutions made up yet?  Trying to decide mine im kind of late this year lol!
Kind of wish I was doing something for New Year's. Not a big fan of crowds though. Everyone be safe this weekend. <3
It's kind of a big deal@misscatastrophe: Tooo juiced for new years!
During this kind of last day of 2011 im cleaning my house getting ready for the new year and new endeavours. ayooo woot!
new years has kind of gone tits up..
I really should expand my horizon, there's a certain kind of energy that comes with meeting new people...mad fun chillin today <3
Just kind of in my new happy place. :3 New music does this to me
Is it migraine :)? Or a new kind of headache
Seems like the weather is going to be kind of warm for New Years!!
Still have no clue what I'm doing tomorrow. Feels kind of anti-climactic to do nothing. What is everyone up to for New Year's Eve?
Just went to dinner with the fam it was kind of nice no fighting so a nice dinner even though I will see them tomorrow for New Years
Thank you fuckers for the kind words. Its an honor to be part of worst of o and a. May your new year be as white as my blood line OK?
Spending New Years Eve at church tomorrow. Kind of excited.
Ok, I came up with something to kind of make up for the loss of the New Year's Eve video. I made a post on my blog with the scrip that I
Urgh, New Year manflu. This is the kind of thing you expect to happen to someone else :(
Hooray for new toys to play with...and not the kind of toys we had as children...a donde es mi sub o Tiko? Let the spanking begin!!!
My new iPhone is so fast it's kind of hard to handle
Everyone gets so excited about new year. Its kind of just another day to me.
I never really make big time plans on new years. And I feel kind of like a loser. Hahaha, hair flip. ;)
Shy , Tunan is a new kind of nuggets.... yeah
In Japan we have a custom of eating soba ( a kind of noodles) at midnight on new years eve. I'll go to buy it now!
maybe next new years I might have some kind of plans...but I say this every year.
My little brother said he just spent $30 on his New Years Eve party ticket . I'm just trying to figure out what kind of party he's attending
What kind of Fckin NEW YEARS IS THIS!
Happy New Years Eve! What will you all be getting up to tonight, and better still, what kind of hair and make-up looks are you planning...
What!! What kind of phone am i going to buy now, if the new samsung galaxy s2 (LTE or something) aren't coming out..? Help please :)
Pls let's all watch who we sleep wit in d new year coz U̶̲̥̅̊ neva no d kind of spirit ds girls are carrying about...destiny hijackers!
Kind of nostalgic w/ another year 2 end But totally excited w this whole new year I expect awesome things n blessings! 2012 great thigs 4 me
Mannn I have a freakin bf but I wont get a new years kiss -____- what kind of shit is that!
jerry yan is in a new drama 'my splendid life'! kind of a remake of shining inheritance? but who cares so watching it b/c of him!
I kind of only wanna spend new years with a certain someone buuuuut I don't think that's happening lol *shrugs*
I suspect it's going to be a sequins kind of New Years Eve!
people who believes that use clothes with some kind of colors on new year will change something on her lifes
Oh and HEY new followers! I talk back normally...but its kind of a big weekend for all of us...hang in there
People keep saying a new year means nothing, you're the kind of miserable bastards I don't need in my life. Get back to your half empty cup.
We have a meeting on new years what kind of fuckery is that ?
finally kind of have new years plans!
Be sure to take honesty into the New Year! And, while you are at it being kind to someone never goes out of style! Try it!
You don't want to miss our Sunday Experience this week @ Pierce Point.  "A New Kind of Faith: Starting Points"
Rant over. Kind of. I think my problem is I don't want a new start, I just want to carry on with this year.
Adele isn't exactly "pregame/sandstorm" kind of music but it sounds amazing in my new headphones.
need to go service/repair my bike. getting a new one is so expensive, lagi-lagi that kind of bike.
When is it new years in Australia? Since they kind of live in the future
Reason no. 452 to love the new Giant: there is always at least one employee handing out samples of some kind of booze.
I kind of like having a new number, only three people have it.
The New Year is almost here!  What kind of plans, big or small, do you have for 2012? Do you have great reflections from 2011 to share?
Oh ok Selena Gomez, I'm kind of diggin the new song.
“@Zerub man the new video was hot do u know what kind of camera they use to shoot with
It's freaking new years eve and my dad has to work later from 6pm till 5am?!?!?!? What kind of shift is that?!
"PINKASOLA" is the name of our new season, "pink-soled-kind-boots" ... And always handcrafted with love... :D
Excited to be using all of the original dialogue from BtB in this new musical!!!! Kind of like TWHH, but better :)
But this new year I'm switching up the style I'm gettin kind of old need something new
kind of excited for the new year
I kirked out on an old lady at the grocery store. I feel kind of proud of myself that I've reached a new level of asshole.
I kind of feel like New Years is overrated. I get drunk all the time it's just one more night.
Ayee , it kind of sucks not having a girlfriend right now . . Tommorow New Years Evee , so who am going to kiss at 12:00 ? Nobody . .
Yay it was just a root problem. But 200 is kind of an Ouch b4 new years.
Happy New Year... I hope, everyone gets drunk early and goes to sleep before 12. I can't drink any kind of liquor hahaha. my best wishes (:
My new years eve 'dress' is so short that i really think it isnt a dress,just some kind of crop top or somethin,Ooooops
"@MizzTwerksum: Just picked up my new car I fucking love it" what kind of car u get
In an Anberlin kind of mood! Time for a new playlist on the iPod. (:
My new Harry Potter poster is kind of scary. He just stares at me. 
Get migraine > Take new kind of pill > No more migraine > Suddenly tired, muscle cramps, dizzy, and hot as fuck > Want migraine back.
Its New Years Eve. Time to blast some good music in da house! Its kind of a tradition to me. Lol ☺
I kind of need to buy new eyeliner anyway, anyone have  brand suggestions? x - x
im KiND OF thinking about changing my number when get my new phone, so if i fuck wit you you'll have the number, if not fuck ya.!
"@Madmo95: LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL What kind of food is Fuku and Yam Porridge? U Nigerians come out with new things. Inventors"dats booooom
Wht kind of shoes should i get 2mar ? I think ima get sum new nikes.
I'm kind of scared for my hangover on new years day...
Let's see what kind of niggas are going to be in my new neighborhood.
Happy New Year's Eve!! wow, 2011 has gone kind of really fast. But I start college in February so bring on 2012!!
Kidding. 2011 was good, but not the kind of good I was looking forward that new year's eve.
can the new year come already wat kind of isht that is
mmm yea kind of new to this
“Sometimes you have to kind of die inside in order to rise from your own ashes and believe in yourself and love yourself to become a new per
This New Years Eve party at my work is about to be crazy fun! I'm kind of excited even though I'll be working. :-)
What kind of CPU temps should I worry about never had a Mac before so it is all new to me?
I do kind of need to get a diary. A new one. But I really really want a composition book.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL What kind of food is Fuku and Yam Porridge? U Nigerians come out with new things. Inventors
2011 has been a great year for me but I'm kind of ready for 2012! Can't believe tomorrow is New Year's Eve !!
What kind of photoshoot would you like to see Grace Under Pressure do with Bella Johnson Photography in the New Year?
I hope that the new year is full of blessings the kind that people really pray for and about giving thanks to God. Amen
i kind of wish i was going to be in greenville for new years...
Btw, we've moved onto making out in the pick-up bed in my date fantasy. Another hour of delays and I might get a whole new kind of follower.
my new bio is kind of live though. loool
Ready to get these eyebrows done for the new yr.....cnt b lookin any kind of way
Wow! I might actually hit 2000 followers in the next few days! That's kind of amazing! Thx to all my Tweeps, you're the best! Happy New Year
When u wish people happy 2012 make sure u put in gregorian new year. There is no astronomical significance of any kind 4 jan1st
This is a new kind of hurt
No kind of plans for NYE at the moment. I have a feeling they'll put me to work on New Years Day also.
The least fin I need heading in2 d new year is confusion of any kind...I just nid all d focus I can get. So pls if u r one stay away :|
My relationship is one of a kind.... He is my everything and I'm his all :) for new years I'm leaving it just the way it is
Tomorrow we'll celebrate New Year.. What kind of hope you want for next year? -(ˆ▿ˆ)/ \(ˆ▿ˆ)-
Got a new stereo for Christmas. Enjoying listening to my kind of music for a change instead of having my ears blasted off with my son's.
The Muppets was a great movie. It was star studded but not in the annoying "Valentines Day/New Year's Eve" kind of way. I teared up, too.
I have priorities that's why Im staying home for New Years...I'll find some kind of fun here...
“Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.” Mae West . Happy New Year. Wishing you good health, safety, happiness & prosperity. Be kind.
Fuck that on 10 shit , I'm in a new kind of level tomorrow
Welcome to a new kind of tension all across th alien nation
Today is a PTV kind of day. I just wonder what I'm going to do for New Years.....
I kind of want a New Years kiss... to bad I'm going to be babysitting -___-. I wouldn't get one anyways
Kind of hating the new Xbox Live layout. ESPN's app is completely ruined. All of it was better before.
I think i have a resolution... kind of. have a great new years eve!
Happy 2012. May the new year be kind to each of us and bring good news for our planet with the Rio+20 conference!
I'm probably the kind of girl that would post a midnight tweet on new year's eve while everybody's out their getting their midnight kiss.
When's New Years? I kind of sort of a tiny bit lost track of the days . No like seriously .
a new kind of digital development and marketing company in 2012. north farm, baby.
Welp, my new years plans just kind of just fell apart?
Really excited to see what kind of new and emotionally crippling head games the relatives come up with in the new year!  Lets do this big!
also kind of upset about the New Year's parties/books I will be missing. sigh. so it goes.
Hotel sorted for tomorrow night :) Different kind of new year for me...
Grandma just called me to ask what kind of drinks i want for New Yearss lol Love That Lady
Idk what kind of bottle to get for new years
Not one of those "new year new me" kind of people but some changes are deffo in order, the past is in the past
(btw, i think i need a new picture of myself because the christmas time is kind of starting to be over..)
Hey, isn't there a new kind of alcohol we should be inventing? Surely we haven't exhausted every possibility.
not the kind of 'news' I was hoping for the day before new year's eve
Kind of looking forward to my new job next week!!
"I stand at the threshold of a new year. May God help me to be kind, fair, and wise in all my affairs."
My Mr. Was kind 2 surprise me with a Happy this morning...new house slippers!! I needed them. However they are double the length of my foot!
New years resolution = no more drinking, smoking, or doing any kind of drugs.
I kind of want a New Years kiss :-)
New Years is tomorrow. 2011 was kind of a dramatic emotional roller coaster but as much as I feel a failure--
Just saw the new Jordans that people have been trampled in malls for... um, they're kind of ugly....
so glad everything for new years is sorted. :) (kind of)
Wonder what kind of Liquor My Followers are drinking for New Years ?
wheew packing adn moving is not my kind of fun! Excited about bringing in the New Year DUB style!
Welcome to a new kind of tension. .All across the alien nation. .Where everything isn't meant to be okay
how did I all of a sudden gain followers? is this some kind of New Year's miracle?
I need some kind of new years restitution. That felt clever a minute ago before I typed it. OK, it didn't even then. Still, these are words.
Hmmmm!!! I'm kind of afraid of getting in a new relationship!!
I kind of want a new piercing. But I don't really know. I kinda like the idea of a Monroe, but I don't think it fits my face. *shrug*
Just so ya'll know, me actually sharing recipes is a new thing. I kind of always eyeballed everything I cook.
Kind of sad I can't dress up for new years,  but I guess I get to spend it with my boyfriend so that's a plus :)
Kind of a strange feeling for me to be in Savannah to bring in the new year. On top of that, I have no plans.
I kind of want to spend new years back at home :(
I kind of want a new twitcon. But I look terrible right now.
A new kind of soldier looking for a lot of soul :)
This nigga think he gettin laid on New years. Ha.... what kind of girl do you think i am? ;)
Whenever I see a new pair or any kind of high heels that Ariana wears, I just scream + shout in joy, "PERFECTION AND FABULOUS!" ♥
This new guy is kind of a jerk too. Everyone working in games is a jerk. :/
"It is New Year's Eve! Let's watch a ball drop to the ground! That's kind of suggestive." -Caitlyn Powers, in sing-song fashion.
Cant seem to commit to NYE plans...and kind of tempted to book a flight and spend new years in a different country. Anyone?
congrats coworker lol “Ace_Of_A_Kind Got new job at t mobile...have too go tomorrow an fill out pape
Can't wait 4 new jersey shore love snookie getting mortal (pissed) n no1 caring my kind of girl xx
I'm kind of glad to be moving on to a new year to fill with new memories
its always some new kind of game on facebook .
my mama goin to a new years party tomorrow, what kind of shit is that? WTF IMA GO? lmao >_<
.i guess its like that now... guess ill be bringing my new years in some other kind of way.
Bought a cover for my kindle. Am overwhelmed by new product smell, and not the good kind of new product smell.
am i the only one that kind of can't stand new year's anymore?  too much pressure = always let down.
I secretly believe New York is in some kind of competition to be the loudest city in this world
"Our Kind Of Love" is such a beautiful song, why on earth did Lloyd Webber use the same tune for LND? Why not write a new one?!? LAZY!!
i want u like new jays, sweeter than candy devine like wine, ya one of a kind, so fine.
Girl u must be dat new kind of dumb....
tuition paid, rent paid, have $ for books, getting a new mac, fuck so much less stress, except 1 lil thing thats kind of a big deal
This new planet fitness building is pretty cool but I kind of miss the old one. Sure it was a shit hole. But it was our shit hole.
new kind of geek joke: putting words into hex for NSEC3 salt.   IN      NSEC3PARAM 1 0 15 BA5EBA11
*clap clap* I'm anxious for the new season of The Game even though last season was kind of weak :/
i feel kind of lonely... me and my friends were supposed to celebrate the new year together tomorrow. but now it is going to be just me : /
For a new kind of shadow walks among us Unbound by laws of light and shade..
Expecting some kind of drama or shit tomorrow night. I can't seem to enter the new year without it.
Walking around new york in sperrys is kind of a pain in the ass
Everyone have a great and safe new year, come back and see what all kind of stupidity happens in 2012, , the drama continues, ;-)
I have to admit, 2011 was kind of a kickass yr. Got a great new job, moved in with my BF, Miami and NYC twice, lots of personal growth...
North Korea is giving Kim Jong-un a new title every day, kind of like the 12 Days of Christmas
It's kind of a moot point that I'm still spending almost as much time on the web though...oh well. At least I'm discovering *new* sites.
So I work at 8 am new years day. What kind of cruel joke is this?
My new Avi is kind of wasup
I just photographed 6 beautiful new one-of-a-kind hats for the website. <3 Happy Day! I'll be putting them up starting now.
Malc has just downloaded tetris as new ringtone. Right now it's kind of cool and retro. How long before it really, really irritates me?
Kind of sad that I never spend new years with my mum and dad anymore.
“@DJ_Meeks: both RT “@JAbram313: What kind of liquor should I bring the new year in with? Dark or White?””Ight bet
Despite appearances, I'm not an Auld Lang Syne kind of man. My focus is on the future. Happy New Year! Taft 2012!
It's kind of nice that Russell Brand is letting Katy Perry off on New Years, 'cause baby, she's a firework.
They lost all love for Earthbound very easily, and I kind of want some new metroid games. They also brought DK back.
What kind of new information could possibly alter the entire human world?! Nonsense..
The new Star Wars Fighterpods look kind of cute, but they're doing that whole "mystery figure" thing again.*headdesk*
Has any shitty self-help guru-type announced yet that tomorrow is time for some kind of inward New Years REVOLUTION?
We're getting ready to jump start the new year - what kind of designs would you like to see us put out this year?
Kind of want to be in New Orleans...might hop in the car and go...
I'm spending New Years in Maryland. Nowhere to go and nothing to do. What kind of sick joke is this?
Kind of wanna pull the 11's out for new years eve!!!
I'm not a capitalist, or socialist, or a communist or any kind of "ist" ....gotta create a new "ist"....I'm recruiting for my new country
Disney channel kind of sucks now. These new people cant act.
Ughhh test at work this is a brand new kind of fuckery, finally passed glad to be off till tuesday!
any good recs for new(ish) releases to rent? i feel like watching movies and I'm kind of over my Netflix streaming selection.
Finally making new years moves im kind of late
Somebody please invent a new kind of battery cause this dang on twitter be killin mine!!
The Fugitive, Die Hard, Gangs of New York, and Ghostbusters 2 all on TV at the same time. What kind of 10th circle of hell is this decision.
i want to try something new but thats kind of risky with Chinese food
2011 was a goooooood yearr! met new people, got a job, realized you gotta do youu & not trip of lil shit. & to not take no kind of bullshit
nothing to be nervous about just know that I will bring you that kind of success. Good New Year Tip
I need to get a new phone. Not being able to take phone calls is kind of a problem. Thinking about a droid. Thoughts?
kind of looking forward to a new year starting
I have no kind of plans for New Years -_-
Now, I'm feeling too lazy to go and party. I just wanna stay home. But what kind of person stays in for New Years!? Right?!!
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word; all of which have potential to turn a life around.  Happy New Year!
I kind of just assume all you lovely Utah valley folk will be at abg's on new year's eve. I'll see you there? I WILL see you there. Right?
Everytime I buy a new kind of mascara, I always have to put some on, even I I'm not going anywhere haha.
both RT “@JAbram313: What kind of liquor should I bring the new year in with? Dark or White?”
What kind of liquor should I bring the new year in with? Dark or White?
one of the New York Rap kind of days
I wonder what kind of vodka my mom got, I hope its the new Three Olives Cake
If you don't receive a Happy New Year message of any kind from me and you have my number and know I have yours, stay your ass in 2011.
New Years Resolution? I made a New Years Resolution years ago to never make another New Years Resolution lol. I kind of like my life :)
2012. New plans, new events, new people. Kind of excited to see what the fresh year unfolds.
Happy New Year from Seattle, where it is currently NOT raining!  Some kind of late December miracle...
CANT BRING D NEW YEAR IN ANY KIND OF WAY!!!!!
Kind of wish I had New Years Eve plans, but a takeaway with my little princess is good enough for me :) x
I shall get a new look for the New Year ! kind of excited :D
What is ya'll favorite kind of V8 Fusion? All of them are delicious and the new V8 fusion Smoothie;P
I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of buzz Sudafed + Champagne brings me to ring in the new year.
I think a new years eve party would be kind of live! Maybe someday I'll go to one.
I actually kind of don't want YG to release a new girl group... especially if they are anything like SNSD like he said. O_O
I Kind Of Want A New Car.
I have this new nail polish that i can't open! GRR! Is there some kind of code or am i just this weak? lol!
Kind of getting annoyed with all the new years stuff for some reason.
Not even hype about new years anymore kind of wish I didn't already invest in it
Happy New Year from Skype! Free Wi-Fi in NYC for New Year's Eve - how cool is this - my kind of freebie!! :-)
Can't believe it's new year's eve already! Kind of wishing I was somewhere dry and sunny, but kind of glad I am where I am, despite the rain
soooo, i kind of actually want to go out for new years eve .
I have a great new years resolution... kind of a life resolution as well.  Tell ya on New Years!
Today a different kind of torture...the mall on a Friday before New Year's...I am a holiday masochist!
For the New year: no shady people will be part of my life. It will b a lonely year but I need 2 have some true love of any kind 2 surrvive.
“@ThatFeelsNICE: What this world needs is a new kind of army - the army of the kind. ~Cleveland Amory”
On the other hand, they also maintain secret laboratories where they develop new weapons and devices of all kind.
Rutgers has on a new kind of Nike elite sock and they're tough!
gas station worker joked with me about the new neurogasm drink "people shouldn't drink that and drive"...wtf thats the best kind of drive
After watching the Baylor vs Washington game. I wondered why they called it a football game. Maybe some new kind of track meet.
I just realized what my 2012 new year's resolution will be....giving up cookies of any kind for the entire year.
when I start texting someone new it's kind of awkward, cause they don't really know how I am.
thinking about making some kind of last minute plans for new years
It's kind of sad to think the movie New Year's Eve will be more enjoyable than my actual NYE.
Even Though 2011 Has Been Horrible . . It Kind Of Had Its Good Moments , I Met New People , Learned To Grow Up , (&) Meet Someone I Love :)
So... what kind of New Years Resolutions are we all making?
kind of loving my new icon ;)
When your cats stop begging for your food you there's a problem with your diet. When youre hoping they eat it, it's a whole new kind of sad.
I going to clean really good for the New Year! Don't wanna bring in the NY with no kind shape or form of junk in any of my space!
I'ma have a Ciroc kind of new year..all top shelf :-)
OMG tomorrow New Years Eve, I'm so ecxited, even though I'm kind of sad that the year 2011 comes to an end!
“@Frzy_University: Kind of wish I was leaving town and spending new years in florida”
it's kind of annoying when people are like new year new me.. i doubt your changing just because the year did.
New job, more money, and paid trips ;) word that's my kind of job!
Bought a really cute shirt. The kind of shirt you bring in the new year with :) and now I think I'll nap in celebration
why is it everytime I meet a new chick she's fucked up in some kind of way,not looks her mentality, I deserve to find a good female
Well thats the kind of day I'm having on the Eve of New Years Eve. I ain't got shit to say to nobody except that I aint got shit to say.
I mean it's almost new years, seems a good time as any to start up "@RyanJJohn: I kind of miss waking up in puddles of stuff."
I know this might sound stupid but how do I tell I've been retweeted, I'm new at this kind of stuff :/ LOL! Any help, truely helpful xx
How, why would u ask your EX husband to meet your new husband...  What kind of mess is that
I didn't mean to make a new years resolution last year but it kind of just happen...
Dude we won't let it suck "@ohheygrayson: Kind of excited for New Years. Lets hope it doesn't suck. "
Kind of sick how much joy I get from cleaning my calendar whiteboard and starting in on a new month. Yeah, it's a day early, but pfft to you
"@joelansdale: HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, except Buffy my dog. She uses some kind of Mayan Calender, or Space Man Calender or something."Ha
Kind of excited for New Years. Lets hope it doesn't suck.
the neighbor kid lost his dog today and is already buying a new one. what kind of pet owner are you? haven't you seen homeward bound?!?
I never like to start a new year without some kind of closure of the current year.
“@TipET0WTipETAY: In the year of 2o11 , I've gained so many NEW people in my life and ilove them,  `` | like the real kind<3”
'OUR KIND OF PEOPLE!' my new saying lol
I kind of want to get oily for new years
I kind of want to stay in for new years. Chances are I won't but at least I'm getting it out there right now. Resolutions start early.
To celebrate what's to come, I plan to ring in the New Year with the kind of madness that would make Bacchus himself blush. It'll be epic!
new years eve is just the kind of film that is made for meeee
huh... when sick I can kind of hit/sing a low Bb... I learned something new today.
My new phone is kind of broken :(
I know someone is going to be offended by what Im about to say but wouldnt it be kind of funny/ironic if someone died on New Years? lol
May 2012 be kind to you; a New Year full of stellar moments, fulfilled desires & good fortune. Many thanks for all the great stocktwits! $$
What kind of New Year's Eve plans do you have? Quiet night at home, or big night out on the town?
What kind of bling will you be wearing this New Years?
Uggggggggggh!!! That kind of day... Well its not new years yet!
Wow I can't believe how fast 2011 flew by... Kind of going to miss it but then again new year new beginnings :)
im  new here(twit) so i can get any kind of help?... lol
Yo mama so Dumb She Tho Chili's was  a new kind of Vegetable
Kind of getting excited for new years eeehhhhh
I bet any kind of money she gone be layed up for the New Years....lol
New to the Twitter thing, it is kind of confusing!
It's kind your "Happy N-Year" but until proven otherwise,the new year is on the 1st January,not on the 30th of December,bunch of drunkards..
I cannot allow myself to give any more money to Sid Meier, I cannot. But..It..it is kind of a new year tradition now
Holy crap! Fallout: New Vegas is only $5!  Given how much I've played it, I kind of wish I'd waited :P
What I'm doing for New Year's depends on what kind of outfit I find when I go to the mall tomorrow
Well, time to go out in crappy weather to Saraga to buy a new bag of rice since Dad doesn't know what kind to buy. XP thbbpt
One of my new years resolutions is to read more. i know why i dont but maybe i need to search for the kind of books i like
Kind of late comparatively, but making my own Top 10. Maybe I'll get it up before the new year! :)
One of my biggest New Years Resolutions for the year 2012 is to AVOID ANY KIND OF FEES!!
It's a listen to new music, draw, and drink coffee kind of day.
WHAT kind of shows are going down this NEW YEARS? POSTEM up in this thread! Help us get the word out for you!
Someone at work made red velvet BROWNIES. What new kind of evil is this?
New Endings start New Beginnings... End that bad habit, bad relationship, bad thinking and start fresh! Live the zao kind of life!
... Wtf we are open on new years day!! WHAT KIND OF STATE IS THIS
Man, having a new DnD character is kind of exciting! Thinking of a back story and how they'll introduce themselves to the party.. so fun! :D
My life is going to change so much in 2012 kind of scared a lil. A new state, a new state of mind etc
So New York sayin they dnt got my license on record but they the ones that suspended it, wut kind of shyt is that
I'm actually kind of excited about new years this year :) weird feeling!
We have a new assistant manager at work and he's kind of an asshat
New years, I'm breaking some kind of record..
"do you like my new profile pic?" what kind of question is that..
& I'm actually kind of excited I'm bringing in my new year single ((:
i'm kind of excited to start this new year !
Truth is, if you're the kind of person who says NEW YEAR, NEW ME, THINGS WILL BE DIFFERENT. Then you're all talk. Nothing will be different!
Okay, seriously. Is there like a new Delena picture or spoiler? The freaking out on my TL is kind of bordering on INSANE!FANGURLING!!!!1!11!
I'm ready to put 2011 in the past. It's kind of funny how the end of a year is met with episodic like focus, with the new season in 2 days
Still haven't had time to unbox my new MacBook Pro that I've had for a few days. What kind of week off is this?
Welcome to a new kind of tension. All across the alien nation. Where everything isn't meant to be okay.
"@Ashlee_D_Monroe: Can't Wait To bring My New Dog Home:)" what kind of dog??
Kind of Wish I was Bringing in the New Year with My Girls
I was kind of excited for New Years til today lol ...now it's jus whatever
Might be hanging with Danielle for New Years, I kind of miss her ugly butt !
My twitter feed is filled with talks of new years kisses & country music bashing. What kind of lives do you people have?!?
Kind of wishing I had new years eve plans... Who wants to be friends?
New years resolution .Reach 200lbs by this time next year. Really I would be happy to gain any kind of weight. But 200 is my goal.#letsdothis
im kind of a bitch wen it comes to feelings these days... lets see how this new year is gonna be wit me like this lol
im kind of sad that im not in new york..but im still trying to look at the bright side of it
It's a dubstep, nap, run, get ready for new year kind of day.
Last year I brought in the New Year alone sleep in my bed b/c of work....this year it might be kind of the same....gotta work again!
Why do people have to change for new years that's kind of fake just better your self and learn from your mistakes in 2011
When no distractions are around while hangin with new people, nobody can think of common things to talk about. It's awkward. Kind of funny
What this world needs is a new kind of army - the army of the kind. ~ Cleveland Amory
Friend asked me what kind of idiot would stay in Oregon as opposed to LA for New Years. Yet again I feel so stupid. Yeeeooww
Donyae must have a new phone. What kind of phone you got?
So indecisive. Love my new background but kind of makes me dizzy. So many flowers..
Have a crackin 2012 folks. Be tough, kind and good at what you do. I get out of prison New Years Eve - any party invites welcome - joke?
What kind of foods do you eat on New Year's?
"I've made a lot of new friends because I'm so kind and stuff." -My Jackson
I'd thank new followers for following or when someone RTs something I say, but I find that kind of narcissistic.
Maybe I didn't really need to buy new makeup for New Years, but hey, at least it's kind of a good excuse!
So, who is celebrating at home this year and has already planned their New Year's Eve meal? What kind of bubbly will you be enjoying?
Is it weird that I kind of enjoy spending an afternoon at work washing our new dishes and organizing our new kitchen?
Not too excited for New Years, It's kind of just another year for me.
Is that my eyes ? Uh okay! It's kind of  simple eyes Ơ̴̴̴̴̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴͡ but a lot of meaning haahahaha have a wonderful New Years Eve everyone~♡
Marx apparently thinks Emmy's new Grover stuffed animal is some kind of S & M sex toy.
What kind of luck is it to kiss a complete stranger for new years? What does it bring? Hmmm (think outside the box) easy for elmirians lol
After the 'End of the World' 1999-2000 New Years build up, every one since is kind of disappointing.
your next door neighbor have 6 new cars that never leave the house at the same time. what kind of job allow you to do that?
Kind of excited for the new yr. gonna do some serious work
miley are you going for a new kind of music that will be gool as your song i can't be tamed
This will be the 1st year I bring the New Year in church. I'm kind of excited. Lol
I Said I Was Going To Give The Social Networking A Rest But I Kind Of Like That New FB Timeline Thingy! ^.^
kind wish I'll be in md for new years but and the end of the day I had to come back to the money
You must be a new kind of attention seeking slut
About to spend new years with my mama for the first time since I was three this kind of important to me
To be honest I'm kind of scared to start the new year.
Today feels like a " shoot stuff with my new slingshot" kind of day :)
I'm sooo excited for next year. It's kind of funny actually - nothing really changes. It's just the prospect of a "new slate."
a Hershey kiss is the only kind of kiss i'll get this new yearss.
Agger's got a new look??? looks kind of funny tbh lol
FB TimeLine = new kind of resume.
I'm kind of over celebrating New Years as a holiday but I'll still take the three day weekend.
THOUGHTS FOR THE NEW YEAR . .A Great deal of happiness depends upon the kind words and . .thoughtsheld in the heart for others
Spending New Years on a train tomorrow. Kind of sad about that.
Dude what kind of Orthodox Jewish thing are you into now? Hey we gotta get together with Rana and bust some caps. You'll live the new AR 15
I'm usually not one to complain about changes to Facebook, but I think the new Timeline layout is kind of dumb.
I was kind of happy that I broke my phone finally.. thinking maybe I could get a new one, but my mom went & got me another blackberry. Hmph.
U know whats kind of whack... my bday is in the beginning of the year so I won't be 21 until AFTER the next New Year lol
Helping dina with what she should wear to new years eve. Well, kind of.
fresh out of the shower and wearing my new dress. kind of worried what my dad will think (since strapless)
I'm starting to kind of like the new new Twitter
I'm kind of nervous for a new year.
The new fb is cool, but kind of hard to follow at first.
So, what kind of a year was 2011 for you?  Did anything big happen in your life?  Married?  New baby?  New job?  - JD
Seem like these up and coming "rappers" are forming some kind of new tradition to sound wack as FUCK.
To be honest ... i kind of wanna spend new year with my family .. they seem to never change on me ..
why am i suddenly seeing Nicholas Cage everywhere....like there's some kind of new obsession that people have with him.
Didn't realize New Year's Eve is tomorrow. Wow. Well, kind of know where I'm going to be :/
Finally got my new years plans in order. Kind of ha
This the kind of weather id love to be at PV right now, at the new park, listening to music, chilling
Need a new website that noone I know is on just so I can rant about any kind of shit I want to and people won't be pissed
New Year's resolution: no more online dating, have an "I'm Letting Go" kind of 2012...and somehow get to CA for a vacation!!
Is kind of ready for a new favorite song >.<
Kind of scared that I won't have the opportunity to meet new people.
I hope all my drunk friends contact me on New Years so I have some kind of entertainment.
Cant wait for new classes next semester.... but i kind of want to stay with people from 1st and 2nd period
Meeting with a new bride and groom went great. Love the design I'm brewing!  Now in to shopping.  This is my kind of meeting!
I kind of wanna spend new years alone doe, idk why.
i kind of have a new obsession with miley cyrus & zac efron <3
It's a new music & dirrty laundry kind of day.
Now to organize the CD Folder of Games.  I may need to buy a new one.  This one is kind of full.
I don't know i'm superstitious or something but i kind of want us to be together on New Years eve.
That rom com, When In Rome? Its the kind of film that gives an entire genre of movies a bad name. New level of awful.
Kind of excited for New Years. Fresh slate.
Jonas Brothers Forever obviously! I mean they are some kind of inspiration to all of those new bands, they are like an example to follow.
Saw Spencer from Criminal Minds in times square modeling for aldo. It kind of made my day. Plus new horror series coming in on my birthday!!
Kind of loving the springy keys on my new wireless keyboard. Hopefully, I get used to the key placement soon since other keyboard is curved.
Ready for that new yr feast! Black eye peas, cabbage, cornbread, & sum yams with sum kind of meat
So this Neverland remix going on their next album right?  I appreciate that we got all new songs this time but I kind of miss the remixes XD
** Vic N P New Years Eve JumpOFF** THERE WILL BE.. NO FAKEN OF ANY KIND...IF YOU EVEN LOOK LYK A BITCH/NIGGA DATS GUNNA START SUM SHYT I AIN
Life is a mystery. Something new surprises you ever day, every momet, Alot. And i'm kind of tired of them shitz to
Have to work on new years but they just don't know what kind of condition I'm go be in
Welcome to my new followers. I think I might do some kind of give away to one of the new followers in 2012 to show my love to everyone
Is this a kind of pay-back?  Four Killed In New Explosion Near Mosque In Maiduguri
I don't have a new years reolution i'm satisfied with the kind of person I am now.
“@Turtle_Rape: Help me pick a new name? The best one gets a shoutout too, k? :)” what kind of name? :3
We are gonna create a new kind of soccer!
Discovered new kind of shopper. Parisian Proctologist. Walks 'round Zabars reaming everyone with his baguette!
I had a dream that I traveled to New York. I don't know why I went to New York, but now I kind of want to hop on a train to Manhattan.
I might try it again as a new year's resolution kind of thing.
Kind of want a new pair of jeans
I think it was a bad idea to put me in charge of buying ribs for our new years day meal. I hope I bought the right kind.
I kind of wanna get my hair cut before New Year's.. just layers cause I kind of miss the volume in my hair. YES or NO??
I wonder what kind of new bullshit 2012 has in store for me....
The amount of time I've spent designing/coding the buttons for the new version of couptap is kind of ridiculous BUT they must be perfect!
Kind of just realised that it is new year tomorrow..... a whole new year jeeezzzz
I got  a new phone. Its a touch screen which kind of makes me sad. But it is pretty
how many women here had ever enjoyed 'reservation' of any kind? am at loss seriously.. this is new for me or I live in a different country
My store got a new cd. It plays foster the people and blink. Kind of makes up for the fact every other song is lady gaga.
New tap beers: Weyerbacher Winter Ale, 3 Heads Brewing Kind (IPA) and Skunk (Black IPA), Harpoon Winter Warmer, and the return of Blue Moon
So excited about New Years Eve in a kind of "I hate New Years Eve but I'm always optimistic" way.
So, I kind of love myself and my life right now. This is a new feeling. And I dig it.
High of 63' on Saturday!! Our favorite kind of weather- Makes me want to.... TAN!!  Have fun & be safe ringing in the New Year!
Can't enter a new year without sum kind of drink ..doesn't have to be alcoholic , but preferably
so now i randomly dont wanna go out for new years and i would kind of rather stay home and chill with my mom.....
today i'm still busy with my nephews,i hope you understand it was a learning of new kind of life,even they small it's nice to learn it
For some strange reason I love hearing my quiet neighbors in my neighborhood shoot on new years *shrugs* it's kind of comforting
I have to get me a new car to go with this truck and then i give away the pathfinder...what kind of car y'all see me n.....sir mak'it
I really kind of miss new york..
I'm just kind of letting them know! New Year right?
"@OSO_Flyywalker: We better share a new years kiss" < You already know we gon be switching alk kind of dna. LOL. I'm jk. Or am I? O_o
Tbh, I kind of hated that NEW year, NEW start, NEW beginning kind of feeling. i think its worst than being just unexpected and scary. Meh...
- ii swear, my daddy a new kind of funny !
*coffee and a new book* kind of day!
Hmm ... what kind of become this year's New Year's Eve party?:PP:D
it's a white cowboy boots kind of day. happy almost new year!
Happy New Year!!!  What kind of goals and resolutions are you aiming for in 2012?
We've got new items listed on our website.  Kind of excited about all this new stuff going on.
It's a Brand New kind of day :3
Happy New Year? What kind of calendar and watch are people using?
Ordered a new suit! Only to find out I can expect delivery of it within the next 7 weeks!! What kind of sick joke is this?!
I like dates where we learn something together, see something new, try a new kind of food. Something that will be remembered forever
On New Years, I kind of want to shoot some rounds of
Harry is claiming that it's his new excercise routine. Plus it attacts the ladies. What is this, some kind of mating call?
what the freak is everyone's obsession with demons and upside down crosses and hell?? some kind of awkward new trend?
I'm on this new IPA diet. It's kind of awesome and all the cool kids will be doing it soon enough...
Oh dear god... New year tomorrow and I do still not know, what kind of clothes I will wear... Help me(-:
I dont use new years as the only time to instill change in my life, thats kind of 365 day kinda thing.
I really might just go to AQ & do the new years thing with the sis truthfully * shrugs * not trying to get in no kind of trouble.
I look kind of bad in my new avi but oh well. lol.
and i don't want to take them into a new year. trying to let the past be the past... kind of hard.
Have you been watching the new season of how I met your martyr? I really hope we find out what kind of kool aid
The Latin people have a easy kind way of interacting. Cabo is a great place for a family vacation. Happy New Year to all.
WTH does everyone do on Christmas, it's kind of a routine holiday. She know what goes on for Christmas. smh Florida living & got brand new
"it's kind of pathetic how you consider the winter classic to be a bigger thing than the new year" -my brother to me
I kind of vaguely remember being sick last new year's, too. I'm achy, but Tylenol and copious hot drinks are keeping me afloat.
Alone on New Years Eve, again. It's okay though, I'm kind of getting used to the fact that I will probably be alone forever.
I kind of wish I was in bpt for new years but this weather is "too good" *Drake voice*
On the hunt for a gold, sparkly, slutty but I'm not really a slut kind of New Years dress.
Pathlovett48 They make episodes about Apple and governor Spitzer of New York but then kind of mess t
Busy thinking up New Years Resolutions! I'm gonna be a new woman in 2012! (Kind of)!
Early evening date tonight w/ a new friend. Kind of excited and kind of nervous. It seems like today is flying by but I have so much to do.
Kind Of Glad Im Not Gonna Be In SC For The New Year....Don't Wanna Be Around Those Human Down There
Hey Happy New Year everyone! Kind of slow at work here at my house. LOL!
new RayBan glasses, everything is too clear now it kind of hurts my eyes
it's a new day, kind of foggy here, off to find a nice warm & cozy place, D is too busy on her computer to hold me...:0(
Just looking at tomorrow night's tv. Alan Carr's New Year Spectacular finishes at 11:35pm. What kind of rubbish party is that!?!
Living the dream (kind of...) marking yr9 books, cup of tea, Toblerone & new Harry Potter DVD
Personally think that the uni's should accept us fuck-ups as a kind of  'Happy New Year' gesture, just throwing that one out there..
What kind of idiot makes dinner reservations for new years eve?
2011 was kind of a crazy year. A lot of memories, and a lot of ups and downs. Met new people, lost some friends. It was an interesting year.
I might be kind of late on this.. But my new obsession is hunter Hayes :)
Kind of getting a little sentimental knowing that tomorrow might be my last New Years Eve in Denmark for a while. England here we come!
Hopefully I wake up on Sunday not remembering a damn thing. That's the kind of New Years I want to take part in.
Red is my new favorite color. Sorry blue your getting kind of whack.
Kind of excited to not be going to a party for New Years :) let's do something fun!
at least one good comes out of this..a new lisence!! the last one was kind of scary.... hahahaha
A new years kiss would be kind of nice though
It kind of sucks that New Years is on Sunday because that means church Sat night, fucked up after that, then hangover at church...smh
Its def. best I didn't go with the girls this weekend , I'd have gotten into some kind of trouble in jersey & new york ;)
Kind of want to do something for new years .....where's everyone going to be?
We hope this holiday season has been kind to all our friends and followers. Best of luck for the upcoming new year! See you in 2012!
Ahahaha I think I've started  a .new kind of curse word..So I'm looking at this picture & I'm like "that's Blinking gorgeous" blinking?!:P
I'm returning my perfect, beautiful, delicious, etc. New Years Eve dress today and I kind of want to cry.
We can catch Greyhound “@SimpliiNadii Kind of a little sad I won't be spending new years with my friendssssss”
tomar = LOUD music , LOUD weed , LOUD colors , LOUD me  :) DRINKS , FRIENDS & FAMILY . . that's my kind of new years <3
This is like some super special bonus Infinite post-Christmas New Year tv special kind of vid. T_T
Lastnight was just our pregame for new years and it was kind of crazy!
I'm gonna root my phone once I get my new droid. U can get premium apps for free, stream movies, and all kind of shit.
Can't wait to see what kind of drama the new season of Jersey Shore has in store for us
Welcome, new followers! These are the kind of observations that made me what I am. (Old followers, you know what I am already.)
Hello twitter what kind of alcohol should I get for new yrs eve im in a dilemma?
I kind of don't even want to go out new years
When people are very excited to meet with new year, somehow I'm really afraid w/ what kind of problem I will face soon.
what kind of person make ME watchh kids that are NOT Minee with'out askinq me on fuckinq New'years ! ? What the fuck ! ?
Tomorrow is New year's eve? What kind of a dark rat hole have I been sleeping in all year?
Last day of work get paid.....getting hair done new years then back to skool.....I miss and love my baby one of a kind :)
"@DerekKnowss: Just had to say goodbye to holly,moving to new zealand :/ ,that chick is one of a kind boy ...." *sings Tpain - I'm sprung*
New Years Resolution: No more kind of being a loser!
I kind of don't want to do anything on New Years.
fuck & I at least needa get some kind of firecrackers today, new years Just ain't new years without 'em.
Once I leave new York city, I'll probably be back. Everyone always comes back. And living in the city for my whole life is kind of crazy.
Kind of excited for the lock in we are having at my church on new years with all gtthe teens...
Supper Club for New Years Eve. I'm kind of excited.
how do you celebrate new years without bein under the influence of any kind??
New year's eve? Mm..just another clarky night with the coffee and some kind of oversized tisey I guess..? :]
im not the kind of girl who gives a damn bout new years but i have a strong feeling bout it now...
Just had to say goodbye to holly,moving to new zealand :/ ,that chick is one of a kind boy ....
Didn't know new years eve was the biggest break up day ever lol that's kind of funny..
I kind of like school though. Thanks to all the new technology.
I Kind Of Like My New Phone:) It Has Some Iphone Features And Similars
Giving up any kind of smoke and sodas for new years
I kind of need plans for new years.
Whas good to the new followers! I feel like im gettin somewhere withthis twitter thing. Now lets see what kind of mischief I can get into
aw its kind of sad starting a new year haha:-( and having to say goodbye to this one!
im actually kind of nervous to go to new jersey.
Is the new Sherlock Holmes film any good kind twitterfolk? Thinking of going to see it tomorrow
Some of our pieces from the RFA Beauty shop are one of a kind, so make sure to keep checking our page for new designs....
the week after Christmas and before new years is always the strangest for me...it's like I'm just kind of in limbo waiting 4 the year 2 end
Kind of annoying when people ask what my New Years plans are. Answer? Same as everyday, gonna relax and drink something non-alcoholic. Lol.
I can kinda is the new I can kind of ... Oh my days what will our English be like five years from now! :s
Just curious I got my new shoes in suede... Is there any kind of spray or suede protectant out there ?
Finally something like "Happy New Year's Eve" is trending and I'm in the right time zone. Seems kind of early for the folk back home though.
watx good world follow me lmao shyt kind of new hurr
I should probably RSVP to some kind of new years plans...
What kind of new merch would you like to see us roll out with in 2012??
I kind of feel like making a new account just to leave all these people.
Royal Oak's Newest Edition "Susan Gray's Boutique"For That New Years One Of A Kind Dress.  Dont Be Typical
What would happen if we all just decided that our New Years Resolution was simply: We're not buying any more shit? Shit of any kind. No more
Often wonder what's on their mind whose Facebook has such a weird name, is it the new kind of creativity? :))
The clock is ticking towards the New Year!  What kind of plans do you have that include wine?
Love my new clothes! Walk in wardrobe is kind of full now though.. Don't like throwing things away!
This new update is kind of weird I have no clue what button I want to use
Kind of obsessed with new years resolutions for 2012. You can judge me
About to flexxx out the studio. A lot of madness created and built today, freshly burned cd and nowwwww im outta herrrree.
Totally looking forward to starting the new year with a deep-cleaned kitchen!
thank you to my new 5 followers i totally apprectiate it! im trying to get to 70 by new years so yeah :D
Recieve a Totally Free of charge    Just For Calling 1 877 842 1156 Press 1    Rapstar Freestyle Friday Happy New Year House of Wax Rutgers
totally remembered why I find new years so depressing, yay
I saw a PICTURE of Justin when I was walking in New York, and a totally had a fangirl moment.
On new years eve. Getting totally fucked, 2k11/2k12. Doesn't quite work really...
Like omggg its new years so I'm like, totally gonna be like, a completely different person now!
New year's eve and totally no plans. Looks like a night of sitting at home waiting for the new year. Life's gotta be better than this…
I totally want that new BMW in the movie
So I just recently cut my hair but I wanna new colour in this time...umm?!? Something totally new for the New Year :)...keep yall posted ;)
I totally thought it was new years eve just now.
just got my new library card in new york now i live here was born here n is from here totally a new yorker where u reppin
totally forgot tomorrow is New Year's eve.
We should totally have a new years fish fry. That shit would be bangin!
Someone chose you! 26 / Male / Straight / Seeing someone  .Brooklyn, New York He's totally into you! Go send him a message.
Totally in love with my new drum kit. Looking to hit the next level with my playing and drum education. Boom
totally forgot its new years over here tonight LMFAO
give yourself a new years resolution to read at least 1 book a month. 10 pages/day is totally do-able, and many books are ~300pages
aw its new years eve that's when everyone starts with"new me totally changing this year"what a load of balls you'll never change shutup
I should probably think about a new years resolution. Totally forgot. 1 day to brainstorm
My new year's resolution is I'm totally fine with the world ending in 2012.
But I was there one night when he refused to ride it. Lets hope they totally Ban stock cars at the new track. Keep em at Kirky Ln
just came back from a run around the famous Ha Noi lake - totally closed off to traffic for new year
totally met the coolest person ever who is my new best friend. Priya all the way.
spending this new years alone , everyone left me thanks for being sick ! this totally sucks !!! ALL BY MY SELF nothing NEW
Totally loving these new corduroy pants that I purchased.
Pretttty pumped for my NYE shindig tomorrow.  Hopefully, I'll totally forget that I'm not seeing Brand New.
Landed in NYC. Totally ready for New Years! 2012 bring it on! B)
wow - kudos - this totally rocks!! FREEEEE CableNFL Network 1 877 842 1156 PRESS 1   Friday of 2011 NYE NYE Iowa State Happy New Year NYE
New years totally creeped up on me. I feel like we still got a couple more days :/
Totally forgot the new year was coming.... I got scared af hearing this loud noise till I realize it was firecrackers
I need a brand new outlook on life I swear...totally diff
Well, me and all my family received a minimum of a knighthood in the New Year honours list, because we're well skill and totally deserve it.
New Year's Eve, huh? I was totally going to work out something really fun to do tonight but... I didn't. My sis is going to a big goth bash?
Still saddened and bothered from this tragedy....it makes you look at life in a totally new light.
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge CableNFL Network   Just For Calling 1 888 408 4379 PRESS 1    New Years MGK Iowa State Katy Perry NYE
I totally forgot there were things called "New Year Resolutions"
I'm totally getting ready for a new year! 2012, come U may!
When people say 'NYE', I never think of new years eve. I automatically think of National Yo-yo Epoch, cause that should totally be a thing.
It totally sucks I have to spend my new year on damn bed rest wtf
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge CableNFL Network   Just For Calling 1-866 943-5067 PRESS 1    Mississippi State Happy New Year NYE NYE
I'm totally gonna order a pizza just so I can use my new app! I'm loving my iphone an inappropriate amount
Google just totally confused me! Swear I thought I'd missed new year..
Getting my hair did. Went across Kits to find my old hairstylist! Wow, this new salon has a totally different vibe than the last.
I was bout to buy some new Sperrys yesterday until the lady totally ignored me after I said excuse me. I was so pissed
Totally didn't realize tomorrow was New Years Eve, vacation really fucks your calendar up
What a totally mental year this has been... Moved house, gorgeous new baby, turned 40, record-breaking business but too many hosp appts
Yay! I'm totally loving the pics you guys are sending in! Send me pics of Zack for my new dp and I'll pick the best one as my dp! :)
New years is going to go totally great or baddd
Totally forgot tomarrows new years no clue what I'm doin
*watching new kung fu panda* master yao reminds me of king bumi. Also shifu totally has a fanboy crush on yao lol
Omg, it's new years eve... Totally forgot (no sarcasm!) Emily comes back todaaaaay:D
Totally not exited for new year.....gonna be the same as the last one I'm just a year older!
Just got a new iPad today. Totally kickass. Should be fun.
My name is Tatyana. People call me "Taty". My parents are totally amazing/complete weirdos. New York raised me. The world made me.
FRIDAY NIGHT,TOMMORROW IS. NEW YEARS EVE TOMMORROW ..    PALTALK IS RUNNING LIKE SHIT AND THIS APP. IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT. BEST CHAT APP?
I've been so busy, I totally forgot to get myself a party dress. Looks like I have to dress up as a panda for New Year, but it was worth it.
love my new PoGo printer, totally fascinated by it, thankyou amazon gift certificate :)
Trying to convince my parents that NOT going out on New Year's, even when invited out, is totally normal.
RT if you're totally anti-New Year's resolutions.
Totally didn't see a commercial for a new board game called Quelf.....LOL
why would you wanna go into a new year totally disorientated by alcohol..thats just like a whole strange world to me
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Loan is totally untouched for 24hrs. How is that possible??
What would happen if I told my creative monster, "Go for it. Destroy it all and create something totally new." Screw it. Let 'er rip.
Omg, I'm shopped out!! However, we will be beyond HOT for New Years Eve, so totally worth it..
How is it you take a new twitcon & you look like a totally different person?
Hm.. New Years Eve.. PARTY..! Just don't bloody invite me. I'll totally ruin the atmosphere, & won't enjoy it. And I'll do it intentionally!
Ringing in the new year in the happiest place on earth Disneyland, cause that totally helps me act my age. WOOHOO lets find Mickey
Totally forgot about the New Years honours. Well done to all concerned.
Seeing what's new on my Apple TV. Bout to watch Bridesmaids. Ehhh maybe I'll wait for my sis so I won't feel totally homo.
new year's eve is actually such a cute film, i totally recommend it
That Sucks. I am in for the eve “@DeniseIssa_: So tired... Totally got fucked over for new years working on eve and day”
I am a big softie for chick flicks so "New Year's Eve" is a must see..totally enjoyed it, gave me that warm holiday feeling inside.
Have popped to the shop for ore-wedding supplies... In my SHORTS. This is new for me. And totally boring for you :)
Actually, I would entirely wish my 2011 on Australia's media corps. Lose your jobs, so do all your friends, retrain for a totally new field.
What if I was raised in New Bern? I would be a totally different person
why does everyone have to get totally wasted on new yrs eve? Is that a tradition lol
“@etruehollywood: I kinda wanted to bring New Years in in another city”totally how I felt
wow - kudos - this totally rocks!! Free CableNFL Network 1 888 408 4379 Opt 1   Cody Hoffman Happy New Year Friday of 2011 Russell Brand NYE
Im Totally Gon Be With My Loves For New Years, I LOVE THEM :D
So totally stoked for new years in Tahoe! Seems like everyone else in the world is heading there this year too! Yay!
My moms new nurse called and she sounds exactly like my ex's mom. That totally freaked me out!!
just got myself a totally new outfit! legging, skirt and shirt ! this is gonna look amazing with my Dr. Martens <3
Totally in love with my new nook tablet.
Am I the only person who won't be waking up a totally new and transformed person January 1st
I hv not mention here yest, tht i hv gotten myself e galaxy note. I totally didnt expect to hv a new phone.
omg totally cringe someone who works in my new office has msgd me and asked "do u work in my office" on pof !! top cringe
End of shift.. I'm Totally ready for the new year!!! And a year wiser!!!!
nice to hear about safe options “@sethgravy: GOOD NEWS: i don't have the mouth herp. i can totally be your new years kiss.”
If i was closer to my brother i could totally convince him to go to the city for new years. Ugh i want to so bad 
These guys on CSN New England seem totally objective about the Patriots' chances to win the Super Bowl.
I need to make some new art pieces... totally wasting my time
So my mother has just informed me that I'm going to be totally alone on New Years Eve. Isn't that lovely.
Oh i totally forgot Happy New Year to all !
So I saw Holly tonight. Her new kidney (named Gary) is just a couple of inches below her skin. I totally felt Gary up. Then I cried.
Wish that guy who's having the RHCP play on his yacht for New Years Eve, would invite me. I'd totally go!!! Lol!
So i just found out that i dont get to spend New Years with the guy who i REALLY like. THis totally sucks!! i want my New Years kiss damnit!
I'm so surprised Katy and Russell are divorcing. I totally thought they were the new Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman.
Hmm a sober week (except Christmas day). That's a new one for me!! Totally off it ..
It's funny watching both my parents who aren't phone people work their new totally touch screen phones lol. My mom always has me weak.
Why is tue question mark and exclamation point right next to each other? Totally changes things... Just told someone: "happy new year?" Awk.
So my Asus 27 inch LED and new Gainwood GPU is on the way. Most likely will burn out my eyes, but BF3 at 1080p on ultra - totally worth it
I am totally goin to get stuck babysitting  on new years
Watch imma be a totally NEW person , starting sunday . I really gotta change my ways .
Richard & Judy's (average looking) daughter thinks Wayne Rooney looks like a stud with his new hair.... totally PMSL
New years is totally gonna suck for me this year! Jus saying. <3
Not doing anything for New Years. I don't need reminding that I'm totally wasted another year THANK YOU.
Omg, i totally love the new Jonas Song 'Dance Until Tomorrow' ! It made me feel like a Jonas fan again :)
Deciding to go to NYC for New Year's Eve at 6:00 pm on the 30th? Totally normal. Doing it live.
SO this is new - somehow presenting/MC at a DJ set/rave thing tonight. In 48 minutes. This should be... different. Totally unprepared!
I am now totally hooked on both a knitting project (Holly from Rowan 50) And the new Zelda-game for Nintendo Wii. I am such a nerdy geek ;)
I'll never get why everone is getting totally sentimental on new years...it's a night like every other night.
Saw New Year's Eve and it was pretty good. Would totally see it again. Still want to see Mission Impossible and Sherlock Holmes.
Shit, tomorrow is New Years Eve. I totally forgot. I'm spending my New Years alone. It's not a big deal to me.
Had a totally mediocre evening. But I'm not complaining really, meeting new people is always nice :)
In Indiana until Sunday night...My sweet Mother-in-law has no internet...totally unplugged!! Finally found WiFi!! Happy New Year, All!!
totally just realized that tomorrow is new years ever bahahahahah i clearly have NO plans
Was totally booked today....what a long day.. made money and booked 4 new clients tho!! :)! hats off to a bad mutha... shut yo mouth lol!!!
Starting 2012 with a totally clean slate. New job will be happening, new relationships, new love - perhaps, new location probably. (1/2)
IM IN NEW YORK AND TOTALLY FREAKING OUT... IM IN FREAKING NEW YORK!
New years eve tomorrow :o I totally lost track of time
I feel like coming back from Christmas break is like starting a totally new school year.
I TOTALLY AGREE “@TheFirst_ladyy I will be going into the new year single.. unless prince charming sweeps me off my feet”
Omg lol, yeh totally going to a party for new years, just kidding, probably gonna be in bed by 11 bored:)
Gonna start a new boyband called the Backstreet Dentists... We're totally gonna be the cavity around this town...
“@itsmecarobley: My first new year's resolution: to finish my essays” .I'm totally with you.
My New Year's Eve plans are totally fucked. Awesome.
I totally forgot how amazing the Emperor's New Groove is.
On my brand new iPod! Totally awesome but I hate the autocorrection :/
"@JeanGreasy: I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face." Ha hilarious
The new update for battfield 3 totally messes up my game. I can not access the campaign with it on the x box.
Crap!  Totally forgot to DVR the New Era Pinstripe Bowl.
My New Years resolution is to be Evanna Lynch. It's totally possible.
"@GleekTweets: Glee should make a New Years Eve episode. Then we can see all our favorite couples share a cute New Years kiss." Totally :)
I was totally surprised we made it through Christmas. He just moved his yearly foolishness to New Year's. Awesome.
liquor-check. bestfriends-check. new years kiss-check....hahahaha totally kidding ill be the puddle in the corner.. cant waiiit :-)
“@Dhatnigga_Mario: RT “@tatibabesz: I'm not gonna act like I'm gonna be a totally different person in the new year ...””
Early night, let the preparations for New Years continue!!! (I totally would have said commence but I already painted my nails, damn it)
Totally gonna cop this bus guys shtick. Carry around a big bag + constantly pull out new snacks. Holy shit how many snacks I got in here?
If you have pictures of makeup inspiration for new years eve you should totally share them with me. Like. Totally. Right now. . .kthnxbye  <3
ATTENTION! Coming with the new year,@JedsXpress will have a totally new menu with combos and better deals! Also delivery and online ordering
totally calloused fingers from my new steel strings. So very worth it.
Adele has done it again totally in love with her new single "set fire to the rain"
incredible that TH haven't released any TOTALLY NEW stuff since 2009 and fans are still here to support them <3
No new years resolutions yet cause I totally achieved all my goals from last year. I gotta think good and long about them for 2012....
for days i've been wondering what the heck does 'NYE' mean :') omg new years eve. totally tell i am blonde really.
“@JeanGreasy: I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face.” Be warned!
Trying out the light theme on my Lumia 800. Hmm totally a new experience. I'll keep it. (those damn ads are black bg. Fuck ads)
Or should I go out and have fun... Make a new years resolution too move on totally and forget about you forever?
Totally celebrating new beers eve. It's a tradition. Can't let it slide lol
RT “@tatibabesz: I'm not gonna act like I'm gonna be a totally different person in the new year ...”
But it was totally worth it, I needed new music.
lol watching the emperor's new groove and I can totally see myself acting like pacha's wife when im pregnant lmao
Yep totally just hit a bucket of range balls. New driver is great!
I'm not gonna act like I'm gonna be a totally different person in the new year ...
Totally frazzled. LOL what else is new.
I'm totally in the mood for 2012, new year, new wonders, new thoughts, new me, and new cousin I cannot wait for another baby to arrive xoxo
I'm not surprised if the new year comes, and I'm totally unaware of it.
Two or three days until the new era begins for me. I'm not totally convinced that I should je looking forward to it.
New probs on the EB 401, at the Kipling off-ramp; truck with a broken axle blocking the 2 centre lanes and the off-ramp is totally, blocked.
totally give up.. new year soon :-)
Hoping the New Year brings a big fat bank account & a slim body, totally opposite from the way it was last year. :)
new year im starting totally freshh x
*fingers crossed* "@JeanGreasy: I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face."
You can totally pat me on the back for leaving my Japanese books in KG. All the new grammatical structures I don't know yet ARE IN THEM. lol
Totally don't know what to wear for new year.
“@Jayde_theSAVAGE “@JeanGreasy I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face.””
i totally now ready for the new Year .... it's amazing that family and my relationship with God directs my happiness- i am truly Content
Oh, I totally forgot. Tomorrow is New Years eve..
I can fucking walk my left leg is totally in pain n its seriously not healing great after new years rrrrr y me
“@Philo_SofE I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face.”
my cousins and that are all spending new year in new york i am totally jealous
Totally developing a new obsession with the show ghost whisperer I could stay in all night and watch this show lol
I got a new Paramore shirt from Hot Topic today. Totally worth 30 bucks.
I'm totally making out with whomever is next to me when that new years hits. Making right out to your face.
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge    Just For Calling 1-877-480-3618 Opt 1    Touchdown BYU Russell Brand Happy New Year Craig Bellamy NYE
Mmm so chilled out after a day at the beach. Totally feel nothing like a new Yorker right now
So who's gonna go into the new year totally smashed outta their head then ?
People talking about new change's  for 2012 like they gon get in a automatic machine n transform into a totally different person smh.
Ok, tomorrow it's gonna be a totally an offline day as I have to study. I'm serious this time. Of course I'll "Happy New Year" :)
Sooooo my new years plans have been totally cancelled. Looks like movie marathon into 2012
So my gut feeling about new years eve fucking up was totally correct. Great.
I would totally try and ride my long board in these heels, but I don't want to fall and rip my new tights.
Omg totally forgot Ed has news on Sunday, hope its a new video!
So tired and totally forgot tomorrow is new years eve...... shit
“@_SillyJEA: In 2012 im going to be a totally new person”
Makin' pork chops on my new griddle like a boss because I feed the boy when he's here, I'm totally the best bf ever.
In 2012 im going to be a totally new person
Right, the new FM12 youth system is totally bizarre. I agree that its awesome big youth systems can attract foreign youth players etc etc
I totally have Lindsay Lohan's playboy issue! Just in time for the New Year.
GOOD NEWS: i don't have the mouth herp. i can totally be your new years kiss.
Following 222 people. Totally evil number to start the New Year with. :D
Oh God, I'm going to totally want to kill Zooey Deschanel after New Girl, aren't I?
totally forgot to that todays new year's eve
Plans have all changed for new year now. Totally cbf anymore
Carey Fisher in A New Hope, you totally would. Boner time.
DUDE SPENT THE LAST 12 HOURS THINKING IT WAS NEW YEAR'S EVE. Went and had a totally good time, now: 31st Dec 2011. Holy shit. Mind = Blown.
Very happy girl tonight, totally excite for new years eve tomorrow and josh got me stunning straighteners!!! xD
Totally wrecked is a great way to bring in the new year! :) signifies what most of the year will be filled with hehe
I totally forgot that I got a new background :P
It is so funny I am pondering over a New Year letter I am sending out to family & friends because I totally forgot Christmas cards.
what new years DOESN'T do is give you a totally new life
Mind totally  rite cant wait for the new yrs
Edd totally picked me up in his new 2 door convertible Mercedes and brought me to The Galleria! This is how you treat a princess!
Omggg I totally forgot I had drakes new cd beeee bacck in a min
Beta surrender ur lyf 2 Him totally"@law4shizzle: 27hrs more †̥ d NEW YEAR 2012.... BABA GOD I THANK U̶̲̥̅̊ NONI..."
wow i would've totally forgotten tht it was almost new years w/o Twitter.
I totally forgot it is New Year's eve tomorrow.
25% off:  Pure '80s DVD: Totally New Wave
Totally forgot its new years eve tomorrow! I thought there was still a few more days to go!
New year's eve, totally no mood
Totally just mastered the new progressiveelectrohouse track while on the phone with mai Emma for an
I can't believe it! It's like a dream come true. I'm so excited. Finally: New Year's eve in NYC! Yeah, my sister totally rocks :)
Ohhh shyt i had totally forgot dhat tomorrow is new years:O
Ow WHAT!! Tomorrows New Year?!! Totally forgot O-O Not that excited anyways not doing anything :s
screw it my new avi is totally awesome.
I'm Totally Out Of My Element, Learning New Ways To Live While You're In A Comfort Zone
Pacing back and forth.. waiting for the UPS guy to deliver my totally freaking cool new laptop. Hurry up man!!!!
Recieve a Totally Free of charge cable   Just For calling 1 877 842 1156 Press 1      Iowa State Agger Jersey Shore Agger Happy New Year NYE
I'm totally blasting 'Hallelujah' all through New Years'.
' i'm totally drinkin on new years, drinking nyquil that is. :/
Totally forgot I need to be up & ready for half 7 tomorrow..gonna be a fun day tomorrow new years hats n all..=) x x x
Enhancing your life in the new year and becoming a "new you" are two totally different things. Stay true to yourself...
Is it totally anti-social to be secretly very happy that I'll be working on New Years Eve when the clock strikes twelve??
(Totally just typed "Intirenet." New. Favourite. Portmanteau.)
Oh cool I'm at a new trendy salon in Atlanta and its pink ! Oh em gee its totally like chic
Recieve a Totally Free of charge CABLE   Just For calling 1-866 943-5067 Press 1      Yankee Stadium Happy New Year Best Year Ever BYU NYE
Totally missed that Helena Bonham Carter is in the New Year's Honours List. Can't wait for the day she is Dame Helena though!
Recieve a Totally Free of charge nfl Network   Just For calling 1-877-480-3618 opt 1      Yankee Stadium Happy New Year Best Year Ever NYE
Recieve a Totally FREE of charge nfl redzone   Just For Calling 1 877 842 1156 opt 1    Happy New Year Rutgers Touchdown BYU NYE Tommy Boy
NeW YeaR= NeW Me & TotallY NeW ThingS.
“@virabadassx3: Totally going to NY one year for New Years! Who's down?!” I've always wanted to do that! I'd be sooooo down lol
& this day.. 31 Dec, really reminds me of you. Of last year. We spent our new years eve together!! But this year? Totally different.........
I totally thought today was New Years Eve this morning lol. I hit the ground runnin out of bed, the beach is callin my name!!
Totally going to NY one year for New Years! Who's down?!
Recieve a Totally FREE of charge CABLE   Just For Calling 1-866 943-5067 opt 1    Keith Price Yankee Stadium Happy New Year Russell Brand
Am totally exhausted today.   Need a huge injection of energy to celebrate new years tomorrow x
Damn on my last can of Christmas cider, will have to get some, erm new year cider tomorrow, yeah that's it. Totally not an alcoholic btw.
Its totally OK to act brand new on all them assholes B-)
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge CableNFL Network   Just For calling 1-866 943-5067 opt 1      Happy New Year NYE Newcastle Rutgers Agger
Wow people would totally plan a new years eve party the day I come back from retreat....
oh my! totally didn't realize it's Friday and NYE is tomorrow! what is everyone up to for new years?
Super slow at work. I'm up on Juan Tabo and Menaul.. new location. I totally just finished a box of Ferrero Rocher
dec 27 was more than jus a bday it actually marked the beginning of a *new erra* 4 me......i may look the same but trust me i'm totally diff
Wow I totally forgot New years is tomorrow
I got a new polish today and cat bite the cap totally. xD
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge CABLE   Just For calling 1-866 943-5067 Opt 1      Iowa State Best Year Ever Happy New Year NYE Baylor
Being totally lame this new years2⃣0⃣1⃣2⃣
Excited for 2011 Wipe tonight, and New Years tomorrow. Blimey, 2011 has totally vanished on me. This keeps happening.
omg like 2011 totally sucked, its a new year, new me. omg
I am thoroughly excited to ring in a new year. Totally looking forward to it!!!!
I like, totally love my new curly do :)
So i totally forgot where I hid my sister's New Year's gift...
spending New Year with my family, since my dad totally went crazy when i proposed to go see the fireworks with my friends...xD
I'm totally just vegging out till New Years Eve, watching Netflix and playing on my iPhone.
Man  the JR Martinez interview on Ellen TOTALLY  just got my mind right for the new year.... talk about an inspiration in living positive
Almost 1 am , I hope the last day of 2011 will be a good day. Totally ready for a new year. Good night.
Recieve a Totally Free of charge cable   Just For calling 1-877-480-3618 Press 1      Rutgers Happy New Year The People Under The Stairs NYE
"the intention of dialogue is to reach new understanding...form a totally new basis from which to think and act." - W Isaacs
I'm like totally rocking my new hair do.. New year here I come
Recieve a Totally Free of charge nfl redzone   Just For Calling 1 877 842 1156 PRESS 1    Happy New Year Yankee Stadium Craig Bellamy NYE
Anyone else disappointed in the new Assassin's Creed? Seems totally phoned in. Glad I got it on Boxing Day for $30.
I'm not gone be a totally different for the New Year, but i do need to change somethings ^_^
Totally gutted, cannot get said game to work so come new year I'll be ringing bloody Microsoft who must have a solution...surely....
Totally looking forward to tomorrow! It will be the best new year yet :)
For the New year I'm totally looking for a new job.
Desperate to know people's New Year's Resolutions. Totally am not aiming to discuss them in a super-secret-special podcast tomorrow night.
Totally screwed for new years!
I'm too old for New Years Resolutions... I know I'm not gonna switch my life totally b/c it's a new year. I just work to better myself.
Recieve a Totally FREEEEE of charge cable   Just For Calling 1-866 943-5067 Opt 1    Katy Perry Best Year Ever NYE NYE Happy New Year NYE
they totally need some female staff in the new applething store, they'd be totally more approachable
totally bored the New Era Pinstripe Bowl is just not doing it for me
so yeah ive been watching Kim and Kourtney Take New York and i can totally see y Kim is divorcing Kris... hes a jerk off lol
i want to party for new years eve!!((: but i can't this totally sucks :/
OMG today is New years eve..i totally forgot...#dumbmuch :((
New Year's Eve is tomorrow?! Goodness, where have I been hiding? Totally forgot! Then again, kinda forgot about my birthday too xD
Recieve a Totally Free of charge CABLE   Just For calling 1-877-480-3618 opt 1      Yankee Stadium Best Year Ever Happy New Year NYE NYE NYE
Oh dear at my mums saying goodbye to travel home for new years and iv totally over done it with the cakes and chocs..... Dam lol
Totally trying to go to this 80s Prom New Years Eve concert at The National this weekend. Bout to start asking strangers to prom....
ahahahaha XDDD my new pigg character is totally like KAZ *LOL* ＼(^o^)／
I'm totally bummed I couldnt be in Atlanta for new years this year
what the hell is wrong with me seriously, its new years eve tomorrow and i am totally not feeling going out, i am literally forcing myself
My New Years Resolution ? Too tell myself daily how totally awesome I am . ☺
I'm actually planning to get totally smashed at new years, need to have a day where i forget how shit the year has been.
2012 is TOTALLY going to be the new 2011.
Wow I'm out of it today. Totally thought today is New Years Eve. Guess im ready for 2011 to be over
Bought a new pair of fab heels, totally in love with them. Oh how i love to buy shoesss <3
Good way to start the new year build up... I'm totally fucking lost!
Totally bummed that I'm not going to Vegas for. New years :(
I have two new posters from 1D!!!!that's totally cool and crazy!!
This year is ending! Its had alot of good and bad memories, heartbreaks and happiness<3 This new year is gunna be totally different!
Hello to my new marketing followers and welcome to Twitter, a social network where I can totally ignore you and your pointless existence
Totally confused bout the new year's plan and what to cook ː̗̀(̥̊♥-̮♥)̥̊ː̖́
Tomorrow im going just be totally lost cuz it new years party time!!!
I'm totally out of my element learning new ways to live while your in the comfort zone!
Dealing with the fact my brand new HDMI cord is already totally bent to uselessness: fantastical.  Time for hot chocolate cheer up.
So excited for the new year. I'm totally over 2011
New Year's Resolution: I am totally going to start or stop doing that thing.
Wow! I just learned something totally new about you!
OMH I'M TOTALLY FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW I JUST SAW THE NEW DELENA STILL AHHH I'M IN HEAVEN... I CAN'T!!!! *_____*
I might do something totally outta my chatacter but hey its a new year so why not?
Totally regretting coming to Inverness for New Year.. should of stayed in Edinburgh.. AIDAN ITS HAPPENING.
The new promo pics are totally adorable but totally make it look like Sarah's baby which means I'm excited & terrified all at the same time
i got it a new case for my phone, pink fluor! lmaoo.. I'm totally feeling like a Barbie with everything pink lol
totally forgot today is 30. but yc isn't really a newcomer anymore. most likely new with working with mbc then.
Finally I wrote new song agaiinn...the song totally all about how I feel now
I totally forgot new years eve was tomorrrow.
if this happens tomorrow night then Miami is the place to spend new years every year...and this will totally make up for my year
Whatever I do tomorrow, I decided to bring a sketchbook and a pen so I can start the new year drawing. 'Cause that sounds totally awesome ;)
My dad totally just bought me the new iPhone. I am so lucky.
i totally need to find a new family...
Went to see the new Sherlock Holmes last night, either the movie totally blew or I was completely distracted by my date. Not sure which.
Haven't quite figured out what I'm doing for New Years  yet... is it totally lame to want to just stay in?
I totally forgot it was my birthday this past Monday.... what's new?! Its always bn shitty since I was little...lol
selling my laptop to my dad when i get a new one as he's broke his, however mine is purple, totally giving my dad the nickname of tinkywinky
To all musicians/graphic designers. Stop using the "Bleeding Cowboys" font. That's totally the new Comic Sans MS. Just saying.
When it is dark and the sun goes down, you will stare @ her eyes. It's a totally new feeling.
mozart a great track but in my opinion rebound is still the numberone. but this this puts it totally into a new level.
What crazy thing are YOU doing for New Year's Eve?  Me?  I'm skipping the skim, my friends, and TOTALLY GOING WITH THE ONE PERCENT!!!!!!
I'm totally preparing myself for all the "new year new me" bs that's gonna be on my tl for the next 24 hours
Typography and being able to utilize new fonts totally gives me a boner.
Cannot believe Seven-Eleven open their new branch near my grandma house. I'm totally disagree. Shut it down!! :S
Omg totally forgot tomorrow's New Years Eve. What am I doing? Can I be bothered?
I was totally feeling odd, to b here at Chennai spending the new year eve all alone :(
Why are people always so hyped about a new year? Not like they are going to do something totally amazing that blows everyone's mind..
ah totally forgot new years is tomorrow!ah
So tired... Totally got fucked over for new years working on eve and day
These new episodes of family feud are totally not family appropriate O_O what happened to the family feud I used to know and love?
My mother textin me about goin shoppin for our new years party right when I get off work. Lmao I totally forgot I promised her I would go
I just reached a totally new level of awkward. whoops.
See ya next year is a popular thing to say in the new year season, but that does not mean it isn't totally annoying!
2011 is the year when I totally got rid of the people in my life that shouldn't have been in it. I made new friends, ones I will keepforever
Totally forgot it was new years eve tomorrow
totally true Aquarians spend most of their days in their minds creating new inventions daydreaming ofthe future and planning their next trip
New years shouldn't be a reason to change who you are. But I totally get it. New year, new slate. I guess you can cut and get in habits.
Ok i totally like this new Boss than the other one...bring dem hrs in YEH!
truth be told; totally going with my aunt to go pick up her check so I can wear my new black chords.
My nieces birthday's are on new years , I totally forgot.
Sometimes I look at my exes new boos or girlfriends & be like ughh.. her? That was a totally downgrade. You can do better!
Totally diggin' the new Mellow Mushroom!!!
“@PaddyMcGowan: New years is shit. Proper shit.” totally agree mate over-rated shitness and over priced
what am I doing this weekend?  Probably buying a new iPod.  Maybe I'll run out of milk.  Not totally sure.
Totally shaving my head after the New Year.
Watching recorded American Horror Story on the freebie days of the new Canadian FX channel.  Totally
"I've heard a lot of people say, "The Hunger Games is totally the new Twilight!" and I want to punch those people in the face." - this.
this is the first year ever I haven't been plotting how to totally re-do my life at the start of a new year. happy, thank u very much
This year was fckn rough! But God knows I hope 2012 will be great. New school new state...totally new life. But keeping my bffs close by 2!
Updated my phone :( There should b a disclosure that some apps will totally change do u still want to update, new angry birds to conquer !
not been on for a while..Christmas I was totally spoilt!!...New Year...Lets have u in all yr glory!! xx
ACK! Got totally distracted this week! New segment will be up on the site, didn't make the instance's cutoff time (again my own fault!)
The new movie "We Bought a Zoo" would totally relate to me, if you replaced the word "Zoo" with "dog."
New years eve tomorrow, another excuse to get totally wasted.
My dumb ass worrying about my nails lookin fresh that I totally forgot tomorrows New Years Eve! I shoulda done em yesterday
dfghjkl i totally forgot about new years
New bra, new running shoes, new year here I come! I've decided being thirty is going to totally rock ;-)
My feet hurt from the lovely new boots i bought. No matter...totally worth it.:-)
Totally getting sparkly Minnie ears for new years tomorrow
Totally got carried away playing with my new guitar pedal..>_>
“@TrainToMilan_90 Im going shopping at Life Depot & getting a totally new renovated me.”
hi I am cal and in the new year i plan to learn river dancing this totally isn t cj ha ha
totally looking forward to a new year, buttt apparently i hear theres an end of the world party on december 21 hmm
Totally got pulled into New Girl, as if I don't appear gay enough
I totally thought today was new years eve.. Woops
omg I'm totally gonna kiss my cat at 12 on new years
I'm READY FOR SOME TOTALLY NEW
Found an audio file of eyes on me being played on a sax...totally my new ringtone
Have to say I'm totally on board with this whole Arsenal playing at home on NYE chebang. New Year's Day games suck pimply arse.
AND I am totally in love w Forever New..... Wish I had more tiiiiiiime!!
A new year is approachingand it is totally up to u which direction u take it in... Be a new and improved u...
Yes, I totally agree with you Nelson - a great improvement. The new owner(s) are to be congratulated.
What I imagine myself doing on New Years is totally opposite from what I end up doing.
I love the new Taylor Swift song 'ours' and the video totally made me a little weepy at the end when her BF comes home from the military!
mmh... new year party will be totally shit this time... but hey, i give a damn for that! i'm used to it.
Totally no comments for my new timetable today. It sucked. End of stroy :)
Waking up at 9 to play battlefield 3 on my brothers new 42" 1080p LCD tv? Totally. Fucking. Worth it.
My 2012 is going to be totally different from 2011 only because I'll have a new edition to my family!!!
I really need new "best friends". You guys are totally far from even being friends at this point. Wo
My goal this new year is to wear a mau5 head for deadmau5 day. January 5th is his birthday so its totally worth it.
A new year shouldn't make a totally new you, if that's the case you were fake all along, can't change in one day just make minor adjustments
i feel like if i update my Facebook profile to that new thing I will get totally confused and totally give up on Facebook.
And going to the ivy last night made me feel so old so many new young faces, totally different
I guess I just totally wasted my time on you. but what's new?
Hiii i'm totally new to tweeter plz help me.
"@DonnaCBurke: I love the cakes on that show!!"//Me too...totally impressive! I'm now thinking 'a new year cake?' Creativity overload
"man 2012 is my year. I'm gonna be a totally different person just because the year has a new number!" -__- STFU.
This new years is totally going to be a write off! Why isn't anyone doing anything impressive and spectacular? Disappointed
I guess I have to get champagne. I totally wish I could make "brownies" or "cookies" for new years
Truth is, Im not ready for 2012. New school, new friends, new everything. Im scared, totally scared. :(
Realised I totally forgot to call and book gym classes for next week, boo! Treadmill it is! At least I can try out the new trainers!
totally stocked for new years :} how bout u ???
CTA engineer just totally pilot talked over the intercom about the weather and wished a happy New Year. I will see you next week, buddy!
.@RyTron I totally just named my new USB key "Magic Missile" - it attacks the darkness.
I started to develop totally new cartoon characters in my dreams !
My new years dress looks totally like the one that that girl in SK wore to formal but it's totally not the same..and it looks better on me
I totally forgot that on new years you kiss someone! Well thank God I already have mine
I am totally loving my new iPad.:-)
What if the song "Party Rock Anthem" was about crack? Totally new meaning...
New Year's Res: get a new Oyster card. It's totally bent outta shape. Dunno how, dunno who
Woo hoo totally escaped a new procedure!
totally forgot youre supposed to kiss someone at midnight to celebrate the new years.
Must start learning to say no to people, totally knackered making a Batman cake for friends 4yr old. New Years resolution no 1.
Somebody tell me it's Friday, not New Year's Eve, and that I'm not totally crazy and missing days. Thanks.
New years day off.  Totally ready for the hangover and a day playing on the xbox
Soooo....I totally need a new name .
Ok all my twit friends. Im heading out of town for the wknd. Will be totally unplugged from the tech world. Everyone have a Happy New Year.
Hey! It's TOTALLY MY FAULT that your dumb ass waited til the last minute to book a room for New Year's Eve. Yell more, please. SAWREE GUYS!
For New Years I'm totally wearing glitter on my face. <3 not even joking.
Nooooo not at all. Totally DO IT. “@RyanJL: Would it be too much to make the New Girl theme tune my ringtone?”
feeling totally spoilt by my boyfriend, all ready to buy myself a new handbag & he got his wallet out :$ & he wonders why he never has money
My phone just totally pissing me off so the im3. So I wish I had a new phone for 2012, dad. Can u hear me?
these new men are totally crazy xD ♥
It's been totally mental and another party for New Years Eve!
This will sound unbelievable, but just realised it's new years eve tomorrow...does anyone else totally loose track when not in work!
Okay i totally need new running shoes. I hope my orange shoes will last me for a month more.
My last communication w/a former employer was addressed to "Adam Vice", simultaneously dissing me and giving me a totally badass new handle.
I'm totally tripping out on my new itouch with all the cool fun games it has! Love it!!!
i totally forgot tomorrow is new years eve ..
and now I have to totally .forget about him, and .dare to leave memories. .For a new life..
So what does she do??.. She uses tha new milk for her cereal an totally forgets bout tha 1/4 milk we have left dat expires any day now smh..
Pitch Black is such a good film. The Chronicles of Riddick totally sucked. I hope they make the new one more like Pitch Black
Omg tomorrows new years eve!! :( crap totally thought it was today!
Spend my whole evening with my new friend name Ashley acoolwhitegirl i totally love her personalityXYu2Sa
Totally headed to Cape Town right now - home for new years! Yowzer!
I totally forgot that my new bag arrived yesterday :D
Getting sick on New Year's weekend was totally not in my plan... :-(( HATE the flu...
Lol I don't even have plans for New Years.. Damn.. lol knowing me, i will totally work though it and be like fuck it's 2012..
I TOTALLY forgot tomorrow is New Years
I totally think that justin and selena are the new edward and bella
Dear mark zuckerberg, (1) the new fb "timeline" is totally wuaasuuu cuk. It succkksss. (2) and the poker (wuh!) pleaseeeee for god sake :|
New Nokia PC Suite requires 310 Mb of free space o_0 Are they totally crazy there???
2011 has actually been pretty awesome. Totally wouldn't mind re-living it :D Minus the exams part. Heh. Happy New Year's Eve! LOL.
People its a new years resolution not a revolution ..2 totally different things
I was totally fangurling at the end of new years eve when zac efron started busting my dance move :3 HASHTAG FOREVER LOVE THAT MAN.
"To grow, a lobster must shed its old shell numerous times. Each shedding renders it totally defenseless until the new shell forms.."
Bringin in the new year totally unlike myself lol...but ehh
so im totally in love with the show new girl :)
Like...WTF! After I totaled mine, I totally didn't get a new car. But then again, every car has been bought for me...but hers is NEW...
Last Friday of 2011. Tomorrow is NYE. Excited for a totally free day on New Year's Day & getting to kiss my hubby to usher in the new year.
totally wouldn't have known its New Years Eve tomorrow without all of u posting the same video of Zooey Deschanel singing about it. thanks.
Totally thought today was New Years Eve...haha
Totally blanked on the fact new years eve is tomorrow night... Oh well!
Totally forgot tomorrows New Years eve...work is about to be a bitch.
Man ...I'm totally wrong but sumbody gettin the biz new yrs day idc idc idc !
Torn soul. Torn heart. Torned apart. I'm totally gonna find new friends next year. Hopefully the right ones.
To be quite honest, 2012 is going to be Justin's year. This new album is going to totally blow people away. Just watch.
Totally dead at work... 2 days before new years, don't think people have cars as a priority
Ugh.  I was totally charmed by the zooey and JGL "what are you doing on new years eve" video.  Blast your doe eyes!
Hm. So i totally thought New yrs eve was on Sunday, NOT tomorrow. Fuccckkkkkk
Tbh, I Know Dat Everyone Says It But I Really Mean Dis From Da Bottom Of My Heart; New Year New Start Im Gonna Totally Change My Life Around
Have totally lost track of what day of the week it is! So much so that I'm venturing out on New Years Eve Eve.
omg! I'm so totally happy! I'm Conney islands new hotdog eating champion! I just love those wieners between the buns! :)
new years is overrated, but totally i forgot it was my brothers bday nyday and my mum brought his present for me :')
Found out some great news today! Totally kicking off the new year right. :)
NEW thoughts & actions can set you in a totally different path
if you have a totally new set of friends every school year, its probably you
Oh My Gosh . Today Is Totally DEAD .  .I Wanna Have Fun On New Years Eve , But .. I Gotta Get My Money ..
Next Friday I'm going Skiing with Shaggy!!! Woo hoo! Totally going to start this New Year off right!
Oh em gee guys! The new year is like totally almost here! Lets start complaining about everything that happened in 2011. Forget the good.
Totally new to this...
2011 has been totally shit, cannot wait for the new year.. determined to do so many things and not to make as many bad mistakes!:D
Actually, the BEST part of 2011 was making new friends! Joining the RP family and meeting sem 1 & sem 2 classmates tht are totally awesome!
We all know a month into the new year youll be totally content w/ being a fat alcoholic so spare us the diet plan announcements this weekend
I am totally obsessed with my new iPad!
New Sherlock Holmes was greeeeeat. For my opinion maybe even better than first one but not sure. Totally getting blueray box when it comes.
Totally out of ideas for cooking something yummy for New Year's Eve. If you're planning on making something fabulous, let me know.
The new job is totally cutting into my wine consumption. Opened a bottle on Monday and it's still in the fridge. Sunday eve come quickly!
superb year bye bye 2011  .my love ............................... .new friends totally very nice.......i can't forgot this year in life
Am I the only person who is totally forget that tomorrow is new year's eve and don't give a fuck about it?
'New year' is just another day to me, totally meaningless. The only thing that I change is the year, when I write the date.
Oh my god it's 1 AM here and I totally forgot it's New Year's Eve. I remember I was celebrating New Year's on Tumblr one year ago.
People act like once it hit 12am, suddenly they'll magically change into this new individual. That's totally illogical thinking.
I love how I have been rediscovering all these albums I used to listen to back in the day, totally new ear for the sound, it's awesome!!
Totally got an invite to go to the playboy mansion for new years, too bad the tickets are $1000 a piece lmao
1 day until our new years eve pizza/dance party. Come join! All you can eat pizza til 11 and OPEN BAR til 1. TOTALLY OPEN BAR! $65 per tix
We are totally going to be open tomorrow! So put your party pants on and come on in! Free New Year's Eve High 5's all day long!
im gonna have a totally new look for the new years imma surprise myself
2012 is going to be the most totally assume of my life and for everyone else!! Happy New Year. Keep the faith!!
"@MyNamesDaisyy: Today is going to be gnarly." Totally!.....heard about the new wheels, congrats!
