Party rock is in the house tonight .Everybody just have a good time .And we gonna make you lose your mind .Everybody just have a good time
I asked my cousin what she want to do tonight.  She said having girls a sleepover party with pizza and ginger beer...
Have a great night tonight everyone. Party but be safe. Remember, it didn't happen without pictures!!!
so....who is drinking what tonight ?  .PS - If you have strippers and cocaine at your party we are inviting ourselves
Hotel party tonight
Party rock is in the house tonight.. (8) xD!
It's new years eve! Party time tonight!!!! (:
Live or today. plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, party tonight.
hey u guys any body out for a party tonight .^MWAH^
But where the party at tonight
Party Rock into the house tonight... everybody just have a good time
New Years Party A Soundsation Tonight at Boshe w/ DJ Winky
Ready to party & drink my feelings away tonight
Huge party in Sydney tonight - not the Harbour Bridge - at my loft. All the celebs keep pestering me for an invitation! Happy New Year!
Done meeting for tonight's barbeque party
I see black folks not on sh*t so I'm Bouta party wit my white boy tonight
i wanna party HARDDDD tonight!
Had a good time at the first party and now here goes the second one.  Guess no club tonight ;) . With Shianna
ive decided not to go to a party tonight . just staying in getting fucked up lol :D .
We Close 2am Tonight ... After This Is Going Be My Time To Party ...
I heard theres a countdown party near Asian Civilisation Museum tonight. And its free...
Im tryna throw a hotel party tonight ..
house party tonight >>
Now I'm finish from shopping something to cook tonight.. I like making food.. Let's party party when december end tonight\(•ˆ⌣ˆ•)/ yiiiihaaa
Just woke up,what's up everyone.. Where party tonight?..
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight , party tonight .
Literally can't wait for later tonight...party starts at 6 I'll be shitty by 7 lol
Tonight I party Mombasa style!
its been years since i had a countdown party with families and such, wont be having it again tonight and i must say it sucks
Tonight, we're gonna party like we're bitches. xD
Ready for the party tonight =)
Where the party tonight
it's new years eve over here in the east coat. woo party tonight!!
Party hard tonight,n die at work tomorrow ahhaa
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
What. The. Fuck. Lol the Galos are coming tonight. It really is gonna be a Guard NYE Party!
Tonight is the First part of our epic weekend, the Destination Twenty 12 New years eve party, THIS IS A TICKET ONLY EVENT NO TICKET NO ENTRY
Tomorrow, sunday and Monday are about to epic :) party till the world ends!! I had to pregame tonight lol
I am so happy I got to see my baby tonight and I'm going to her new years party and I'm with my family. :)
If yah don't know me yah can't blow me... Time to get murdered out for the party's tonight
What's everyone doing tonight?? NYE? I'm just gonna chill at home with my family with a mini countdown party :D
live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight, party tonight. !
Party rock is n the house tonight!! Everyday I'm shuffling lol I get some sudden energy when I hear that song even on the commercials lol
I wonder what's gonna happen at that house party tonight lmao
Party at my house tonight :) (new years eve) bringing 2012 righttttt
Part of me wants to party tonight and part of me don't....People dont know how to go out and have a good time without any drama
, ii wanna party tonight , !!
Gone party like its New Years Eve tonight since imma be sober tomorrow :)
Tonight have a big party w/ big family.. ^^
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow , Party Tonight , Party Tonight .
Pre NYE party at scene tonight with wealth dry goods.  Look for the kids in nudie jeans and supreme drinking Moët
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE! Gettin ready to party it up tonight!!
I kno it's party season, but my neighbors fin 2 c my Nawlins side if they blast dat music at 2am tonight. 2012 gated comm w/ white folk lol
NYE party should be good tonight...they better play my chunes lol
Guess I'll be having a tiny party tonight after all. 2 couples with their kids are coming. Shooting pool, fireworks and neighbors.
Upbeat music playing in mah room! Can't wait for tonight's party!
Ducks party tonight ƪ(•̪┌┐•̪)ʃ yippiieeeee
Party tonight! Its gonna be shit but me Hannah and Tyler are just gonna be chillin in the garden... Next to the rabbit hutch...
Starting off the new year tonight ! Party like it's 2012 !
Hope y'all wear your lovely hostessin' aprons tonight if you're having a party! Me - I think I might wear one of my tiki aprons!
Tonight was pretty chill I'm glad. Didn't go to any party or nothing but about to go home shower and get ready for tomorrow's game ,
Live for today, plan for tomar, party tonight, party tonight!!!!!
Last day of 2011:)time to party hard tonight:D
Party tonight bitchess
party rock is in the kitchen tonight.
Tonight was wild funny especially that nigga from the party was buggin
-party rockers in the house tonight..!!
Just get a call from my friend invite me come to his party tonight...huhu
Mann I Shouldve Went To That Party Tonight !
Party tonight (; and party rock anthem in the car on da way there (; dis mah jam!
Tryma hit up the party in renton tonight in wit dontese
Tee tee at a party tonight , that don't come around too often lls
I was supposed to party with the homie mondo tonight but he was bein lame so I bailed
Last day of 2011. Gonna party like a Rockstar Tonight :D
If the party's tomorrow, why are there so many kids sleeping here tonight?
PARTY HARD TONIGHT
I'm going to party tonight:)
Cheesecake for tonight's party. ;)
Washing in the machine, cooking berry treats to be served with whipped cream and shaved chocolate at the NYE party tonight.
«@DickCheaney BlackStarr party tonight!!!» Fml lol
Tonight, we'll party like it's 1999 because 2011 sucked.
tonight_ _ _ party again at my house!!
“@tayyworr: I wish I was going to a party tonight ”
New Years Eve Party tonight at 10!! Come thru bring a bottle!! DM or text for the address....
Tonight, fire work party (>ˆ▽ˆ)>  <(ˆ▽ˆ<)
Tonight its time to party hard !
RT:“@SuckIhddEasyy: Ian even gone party tonight ..”
tiff maliha and sonia better not be getting it crackin tonight with me. yall know im the life of the party
New year eve's party with youths tonight =)
party rock is in the house tonight.
That party was tonight too, but the man was holding me back.
New Year's Eve Party tonight with the Beltrans☺
Ride'n along the country road-on our way to the beach! Huge New year's party tonight
MY ONE REQUEST FOR TONIGHT ACROSS THE WORLD IS FOR ALL DJ's TO PLAY THAT MEEK MILLZ - HOUSE PARTY THAT'S MY SHIT. LOL
Before I hit the party scene tonight, I'll call my parents and give them a pep talk on fresh starts and new beginnings...
What's happenin tonight,? Party,get together? Something
I'ma party like shit tonight now got a reason to celebrate
Got to see him tonight at the party now it's time for me to call it a night..
Where's the Party Tonight ?
Happy 'Last day of the year!' Have you finalized your party plans? Don't forget to get yourself some JJ winter wear to stay warm tonight!
it felt good planning and putting this party together now it finally gets to come into play tonight. hella drinks, food, music..damn!
Party like its the end of the year tonight!!! Oh wait...
Countdown party tonight !!! Weeeeeeeeeee:)
going to the club tonight. new years party tonight and tommorow
Im not getting fucked up tonight ima save that for tomorrow, we having a party ツ
i want to go to a party tonight:/
I'm gonna' need coke or something to keep me awake for the party tonight haha.
party tonight heyyyyyy!
“@MsElleby: I kinda want to go out tonight !!” feel me!!!! Let's have a block party
Everybody wants to party tonight and go all out. I guess I understand. But I don't wanna leave my mom alone so I'm staying with her<3
Let's party tonight !!!!
Firework party, tonight !! Baby you're a fiiirewooorkkk ~(˘▾˘~) ~(˘▾˘)~ (~˘▾˘)~
Thank you for joining me tonight for Tribal Rites Radio Takeover's LIVE New Year's Eve Weekend Dance Party Show, Dec. 30, 2011.
clean shirt clean pants new shoes..........theres a party on 5th ave tonight and thats wha im tryna do -mac miller
Boo boo beach club??"@juxcallme_NB: "@DatNigga_Maal: Noooo parties tonight??" yeah party at the boo boo cake factory!!"
This party is still going on downstairs....my mother and her friends have showed me NO mercy tonight :(
Live for today, plan for tomorrow ....party TONIGHT
Tonight, SAHARA presents NEW YEAR COUNTDOWN PARTY!!!
Weekends on, started it right, even if i only get part of it right , live for today, plan for tomorow party tonight party tonight
“@DiCkMeH_DOWN My brother trell having a house party tonight && I juxx heard about it.. *picks up my phne n kall his black ugly ass* lol”
Everyone is having some big party or something tonight... me? im staying home and having a movie marathon with my family... -____-
'CANT WAIT TO PARTY TONIGHT
(>̯-̮<) "@BOSHEVVIPbali: TONIGHT! » RENAISSANCE « Masks Festive On NEW YEARS EVE PARTY 2012 - DJ RIRI MESTICA & DJ PUTRI  FDC 200K"
Live for today, plan for tommorrow, party tonight
Party Tonight 15633 ROMAR ST NORTHHILLS 91343
Let's party tonight !
party rock is in the house tonight♪
What's going on in the chi tonight??? I'm trying to party!!!
Work time cya peeps!! :) dnt party to hard lol talk to yas tonight woo!!! Xox
Costume party tonight \(^з^)/ ‎
Is the party tonight?
I jus wanna go home .. dis party is wack .. I'm drunk AF n I'm jus not feeling it tonight
i cant wait for the party tonight!
Live 4 today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight !
Yay. Mum dad going out tonight. Brother going out. Younger siblings won't be home. Ape lagi ? Party ahhh.
Turned down a party tonight. Sorry Damien, I know you really wanted a ride ;)
party rock is in da house tonight(8)
We supposed to be having a party tonight bt till now I havnt witnessed any sign of a party happening
Lets Party tonight \m/
Party tonight...Going to be different this year. #:/
Why aren't I tired? I have to go to a party tonight, I can't be tired then!!!
"@DatNigga_Maal: Noooo parties tonight??" yeah party at the boo boo cake factory!!
Prepare full party rock tonight
Bonfire & a party tonight<3 with the girlys<3<3<3
Last night I was at a party at Donald Trump's estate. Tonight I went to see a show in a hole-in-the-wall record store and had Taco Bell. WUT
Gunna my MD then off to this party tonight's Gunna be crayyyy :)
Lets party tonight..
Our lil' party tonight in our new place will be so much easier because the landlord agreed to install a DISHWASHER!
Serina's party tonight!
Party tonight, hmmm I think so :)
Can't wait to party later on tonight
could possibly be going to a party tonight :)
Party rock is in the house tonight...
Perfect party song for tomorrow : tonight is the night - outasight.
- ughh , there's a party tonight and i'm missing it cuz i'm in Mexico ; ohwell .
I wanna make weed cookies for the party tomorrow tonight. Where can I get a good recipe
I should have just went to a fucking party tonight
Lol, while everyone was at that party tonight, i was home, playing with my cat and cleaning my room
I was gonna go to that Pre NYE party tonight, but I changed my mind. Just dont feel like going out. Guess I've grown out of that party scene
“@uhmegannn: *sigh I guess I won't party tonight *sigh*” hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Party at Siloso Beach tonight ~ Goodbye 2011!
Hadd funn tonight , gotta find a outfit for the 15th (rymirah party) & 21st (gee party) !!!
excited for the countdown party tonight. time to write down my New Years resolution before the year ends.
ThEres gona b a mooi Party by my house tonight...
the party is tonight & idk that
Guess who's not joining in on the party tonight because the only thing I'll eat are salt & vinegar chips...
*sigh I guess I won't party tonight *sigh*
Alexis went to a party tonight and i am at home boredd jealous much !!!!!!
Setting up for the new year party at our house tonight :)
Tonight is an excuse to go "extra hard"? If you don't party hard you ain't doing shit in the first place
Theres a party on 5th Ave tonight. And thats what Im trying to do.
Family Christmas party was great tonight. Lots of laughs, fun and annual tradition "dice game". Love my family!!
Ian even gone party tonight ..
I can not wait to effin party hard tonight!!
Trying to stay up as late as I can tonight so I can stay up for the party tomorrow & not sneak off to 'the bathroom' early.  It's difficult.
I should just cross-dress to the house party later tonight
live for today .plan for tomorrow .party tonight <3.
TONIGHT! » RENAISSANCE « Masks Festive On NEW YEARS EVE PARTY 2012 - DJ RIRI MESTICA & DJ PUTRI (SPINACH RECORDS) FDC 200K
If you ainnt got CFOPA in yo parties tonight && tomorrow night then it just aint a party! yeee yee
Alistair Overeem defeats Brock Lesnar with a first-round TKO. .And that's it for the fights tonight. Everybody go out and party. BTW Tip well
Going to my first ACTUAL party tonight. Just a wee bit excited.
Happy New Years Eve :) party hard tonight!!
hollly fuuuuuucccccccccck big party tonight in jAMAICA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BARE GIRLLSSSSSSSSS ;D
PRE NYE PARTY TONIGHT@Encorevip!!! Ladies Night! Free Cover for Ladies ALL NIGHT! Special performance from K Cartier tonight!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
a couple niggas i know ' stayed in tonight but i wanted to party
Text I Jst Got "Deezy You To The Party Tonight ? Cause I Know Your Fina Be Fckin It Up" Awww ! I Jst Might Gotta Go Now ((:
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
Where the party at tonight
party tonight , LITERALLY . cause im partying tonight .. :)
Happy New Years eve everyone..."Live for Today, Plan for Tomorrow, PARTY tonight!" Bring on 2012!!
Ohh so tonight I djing for a crowd of 50 at a new years party bash :D whooohoo and all ah dem is trinis! And we in florida xD lol fun fun :D
Yeheee, gonna hold BBQ party tonight :D
in the worlds of jay sean.. tonight we party like it's 2012! :D Happy New Year folks!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
party rock tonight in the house =)
Legalized it . Also where are my party people at tonight ?
full party tonight
the party starts tonight . ! my place . come thruuuuuuuu !
Let's kick off the new year of 2012 on a good start!.. Party tonight!  woot woot
I wish somehow I could gather up all my fave Tweeps and have a big party, maybe after I win the $31 million tonight I can
im gonna party like its the end of the world tonight! 2012 here i come! get ready!
Happy new years eve! Party tonight, lol jk people cancel their parties two days before and nobody else is having a party.
Party rockers in the house tonight (:
'Party rock is in the hooouse tonight, everybody just haaave a good time.. everyday I'm shuffelin' tuntz tuntz tuntz.. Sai da cabeça não --'
Live for today. Plan for tommorow . & party tonight !
Live for the day, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
“@laurferritto: man this was more entertaining than the middies party at AK tonight”
“@Autty__Autty: I cant wait to party tonight”
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
New Years Eve Party tonight at 10!! Come thru bring a bottle!! DM or text for the address.... ✨
man wats up wit that ksu party tonight
well its a pole party!!!! Aye im learning some tricks tonight!
UFC always gets me pumped! Niggas better watch out at this party tonight!!!
Okay...no party tonight? Just a chill night with the fam & amigos (:
Party of two tonight.
This nigga jus got us kicked out of a house party if i dont fuck tonight i can never forgive....
One more to go then we off to party tonight and end 2011 off right!! We celebrate 2011 tonight and tomorrow we party into the new year!!
NYC 2012 tonight Club Remix Tomisato 10pm-6am 50,000Yen will be given for  .lucky guest party pippsss...another party ROCK get ready.....
Party tonight
Pre-NYE party stomping in ATX tonight! I'm thirsty.
To everyone going out tonight; party hard :p take a shot and smoke a blunt for me <3
Just got off work  Do not disturb sign is goin on the door. One man party tonight.
BBQ party with my family tonight to welcoming 2012! Good riddance.
party rock is in the house tonight everybody just have a good time
Preparation for family party tonight :D
man this was more entertaining than the middies party at AK tonight
I wanna party rock tonight. I wanna go club. :(
i hope they play chirs brown "beg for it" at this party tonight .
Tonight is new year eve!! <=-P *party*
Live for today , Plan for tomorrow , Party tonight(:
Most of y'all shouldn't even be trynna go out and party tonight. Y'all asses need to be in church trynna REPENT
Yay! Robyn is going to come to Damon & Dan's party tonight!!
Who having party tonight ?
No party tonight, I'm in that bitch tomorrow though....
DJ-ing for my lil sis tonight, party up in here. Well kinda.
I guess its a pre pre new years eve party at corkers tonight?!
I should say that I need you here, but I'm gonna party tonight. Cause honestly I just don't care.
Wana sleep whole day...so cn njoy d rocking party of tonight....:D
But whatever party tonight , gon' drink dance ; get fucked up (y)
You can either party like a rock star tonight or just chill at home. It's new year eve baby!:)
party rock is in the house tonight !
Bday party tonight with kelsie. Hit me up if ya wanna join.
Shopping today....for the party tonight! Happy new Year 2012 to all....! Bye Bye 2011 :-)
Damn I wanted to party tonight... guess I have to wait til 2mar
need to have alot of sleep tonight soo , tomorrow i wont be tired, spanish family's party all night !
11 hours and 46 minutes nalang New Year na . .Welcome 2012 Goodbye 2011 .woooooooohhhhhh . .party-party and using firecrackers tonight
I cant wait to party tonight
had the worst holiday party buffet tonight: fried liver/gibblets, toasted rye loaf, potroast w/pigs in a blanket & cheese loaf -
Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight
Tonight At 10, Party At 3515 Wyvale Dr. Free Food, Drinks, Nd DJ BeeJay On Dha 1's And 2's. Its GoingrDP
I feel energetic with my new haircut. I smell nice with my united colour of benetton perfume! I'm looking forward for tonight party. ✌
I'm watching 106 & party tonight .
Party at Matt Ciavarellas tonight !!!!!
Preparing for the NYE party tonight. So many things to buy, lol :DDD
NYE party tonight - live band and DJ from 6pm- no cover charge!
HAPPY NEW YEAR...... mga repapips tagay mamaya......DJ JOSHUA ikaw n ang bahala sa party ntin mamaya..... PARTY ROCK IS IN THE HOUSE TONIGHT
Party tonight 864 old hickory apt. B3!  Fuck widd us!!!
New Years party tonight!!! Gonna go off!!:)
Sooo party tonight ?
I dnt wanna go out & party tonight. I wanna get in my bed & sleep!
Great family Hanukkah party tonight.
Guess we'll party tonight .
i dont wanna be a party pooper but i am tonight!!! she is pregnant! i just can't leave her and go party. so at home i will stay
Party Rock is in th Kitchen tonight
Getting rested for tonight. Going to party the year away.
I need to eat something before I faint at tonight's party
I'm so mad I can't go out at all tonight! I miss out on a party in Modesto and now a party in Oakland. Sad life ;(
My brother trell having a house party tonight && I juxx heard about it.. *picks up my phne n kall his black ugly ass* lol
"@ItsMotorMane: Reserved for tonight. Party animal tomorrow. "
so this bitch that hates me is gunna be at the party tonight, could possibly get in my first punch on. gah such a turn off....
Guys, any have idea for party tonight ??? *@bandung
New Years Eve Party tonight at 10!! Come thru bring a bottle!! DM or text for the address.. ✨
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight.
Happy birthday daddy! ♥ hope you enjoy your party tonight. :* love you. thanks for sticking through my stubbornness.
Party Rock is in the house tonight!
I do the same thang, at the party every weekend but tonight a lil different, I wanna bang bang, and she feelin like the same thang.
I was gonna go to party tonight.... but then i got high.
New Year's Eve(: party tonight! gonna get fucked up!(: <3
Im kinda ready to party tonight
HUGE LOT PARTY TONIGHT
Got my flirt on tonight at the party.. haha (: it's this one person , i wish i would of talked to . i punked out thouu..
Moms party was a success made some good money tonight!
<=== in philly..bout to support the  Kappas at their party tonight  wit my girls
Kayyyyy I still need a party to go to tonight! HIT ME UP
Almost! A few hours away as we bid goodbye to an illustrious 2011 for the Club. We'll usher in 2012 with a huge party tonight! ^SL
Countdown party may be cancel tonight till tomorrow. Someone please cheer me up a little.
Stayed up all night, have vocal lessons and rehearsals all day then New Years party tonight..why am I so stupid!
Mad cause my bestfriend is at a party, he so mean. Who the fuuck am I supposed to call tonight.
I'm going to plan my outfit for the party tonight, THAT'S WHAT.
Everyone is going to a party tonight.
RT@gavana21: Can't wait for beach party in my cafe with my friends tonight.... Hahaha
I wanna crash a party tonight
We gonna have a Fatty Crab party tonight !
Just got back from gal and still wanting to party so who's up for some fun tonight
return up for party tonight.
If I knew it was a party tonight I would've went but guess not!!
“@oh_gigi: Party tonight? Party tmrw. Welp. Ok” like fuuuuck it:)
ready to party tonight fireworks
Since I couldn't party tonight, I decided to do my hair. :)
anyways i hope teflon have fun at his party tonight, sorry i cant come through
Preparing for the little party tonight.
Live for today,plan for tomorrow,party tonight party tonight.
So let's hangout tonight, baby would you have a little dance with me come on , get the party on the dance floor ....
Going to bed early tonight so I can party ALL night tomorrow ! (;
what to do tonight? party? stay at home? hmm
Party rock at home. Wish tonight nobody at home. BLAST SONGS.
Even though my Aunt gave the ok to have a lil party at her crib tonight...not really sure about it anymore.
“@MakeHerWETWest: Party Tonight ... Hope Y'all Ready!!!”
Party tonight at my uncle alans house ahhh count me in!
Party Rock is in the house tonight... ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫
I am hungry. Party tonight at work. I hope someone brought somethin other then sweets nd chicken.
Tonight, every party will have 987546987 first time drinkers. So just make sure u stay away from all the vomit.
Party hard tonight into the next morning.!! (:
Anyone that should happen to be in Minnesota tonight should come out and party with us.  Im buying!!!
So sleepy. Wish I had time for a nap before the party tonight!!
Cuz party was on point tonight.
Woah! Sydney NYE traffic is nuts already and it's only 4pm!! What's everyone up to tonight? We're doing a rooftop party in Darlinghurst ;) x
There was a dinner party tonight hmmm how nice...
Hot party on tonight hohoho i can't wait >W<
So happy I'm going to a house with a pool tonight. POOL PARTY
Party Tonight ... Hope Y'all Ready!!!
sleeping tonight so i can party that much harder tomorrow night
PARTY TONIGHT! 12152 Via de Palmas. Starts @ 9, dancing, bp,   drinks! Byob  IM IN HERE TONIGHT!
I'm never fucking going to a party after what happend tonight....
Overseeing the installation of the wallpapers. And cleaning of the rooms. Cos tonight the party's at my house yo!
Super excited for my party tonight ah yea.
Party rock to the club, tonight.
Am about to get ready for nye party at the opera house tonight. But first, I have some cheezels to eat. it's how all the a'listers do it.
sleep tonight, party tomorrow ;)
Party tonight at my friends house! I don't even know most of the people well :| wish me luck then! Haha :)
Think im going to a sex party tonight that I got invited to....its been a while
Countdown party tonight! Heading to Kao-Yai w/family!
No mood for party tonight :(((
Party rock is in the house tonight. Everybody just have a good time and we gonna make you lose your mind. Everybody just have a good time♪
Tonight we party yall
Party rockkkk is in the houuuussse tonight :)
Sooo went to a high school party tonight...LMFAO
I'm going to a new years party tonight to seduce younger boys in to having promiscuous sex with me at midnight
Party rock is in the HOUSE TONIGHT
Ahoy, all pirates crew, are you ready for the party tonight? See you at The Vijitt Resort and happy new year to you all.
Talkin on the phone with Kartara since we not going to party tonight o well there is going to be more parties but either way we trippin out
"@DJQuaRA_L0Ve_: I wanna get dress a party TONIGHT &&&&&&&& tomorrow!!!!!" Yes yes yes YES!!!
Where to party tonight? A very important question.
Party tonight!!! :)
Live for today plan for tomorrow and party tonight
No drinking tonight! Party all night tomorrow in New Orleans!!!!! Haha
What's on the party menu tonight?
prepare for party tonight  °\(^▿^)/°
Party tonight, party tonight  RTV“@LoveLust_Lita: Live for today, Plan for tomorrow.”
I didn't really feel like hittin that house party tonight
Had so much fun at the party tonight with haleyyyyy:) .I know the prettiest girl alive
"Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight"
Happy New Years Eve. !!!(: can't wait for the party tonight!! :D
But not going for the countup party in church  tonight. I dont like getting home late. Plus everyones counting down at night tgt.
Off work and my boo thang having ax,party tonight ...don't mine if I do
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
Its tonight guys!! The biggest party for closing 2011!!
UFC party tonight, ayeee ; )
Had a fun time tonight the just dance party ended i loved it;()
Dear house party. Dont let me get to drunk tonight
I hope at least one other human being is at this party tonight!
I wanna get dress a party TONIGHT &&&&&&&& tomorrow!!!!!
Wishing everyone a safe and happy new years, enjoy tonight and party hard! xxx
Oh yes a fucking party tonight. DRINKS!
Greeeat. Thought I was spending new years eve with Emily. Just found out she ditched me to go to a party. Completely alone now tonight. FML
Party rock is in the house tonight.
Book club holiday party tonight. Great food & wine, book & school talk.
Well it's after midnight, Happy New Year's Eve! Everybody stay safe tonight. Party hard but smart. It's a thin line....
happy new years eve <3 party hard tonight!
Party Rockers In the House Tonight LMFAOOOOOOOO I LOVE THEMMM
Party with my brother tonight I miss my sister
all black party tonight...might go thru that bih
Party Rockers in the house tonight
Guess I'll go to that house party tonight.
Anderson was wild fly @ that party tonight damn even though roodly shxt was wack
Im getting to the paper tonight cuz tomorrow Im getting white boy wasted...I just wanna party i just i just i just wanna party
mansion party or not, I'm not sitting in the house tonight.
@*3()! = party! ;) bye tweethearts! Tonight i will dance and drink till i die ;) - mario
New years eve! PARTY tonight yeah budddddy
Tonight, tonight, there's a party in the roof top,top of the world...
Omg, theres an Eritrean youth party tonight too. The hell? why am I forgetting everything today.
Helping mum cook for tonight's party. I'm in charge of the carrots :D
Headed to get ready ...coworkers party tonight
Slept at 5 and woke up at 1. Feeling reaaaally good today! Hope this feeling stays with me till the party tonight :D
Italianni's at Boni High tonight with the Salcedo clan for the New Year's Eve party. :)
Masquerade party tonight :)
“@312superkat:So hot,resting after a busy day shopping andpreparing for 40th party tonight going to be big!”I didn't think you were that old
Party tonight, Party tonight :))))
It feels like we been living in fast-foward another moment passing by, the party's ending but it's now or never, nobodys going home tonight.
Gonna Party Tonight Haha!! Who's Down??
Dude! Our Party Finna Be On Point Tonight!!!!
Party rock is in the house tonight!  Lol.
BOMBAY RT“@ItsMotorMane: Reserved for tonight. Party animal tomorrow. ”
Happy New Year's EVE! We gon party hard later on tonight. Ya'll better be ready.
Although the party got locked off I'm glad I got to see all of my girls tonight ♥
well it seems to be five in the morning and im no where near sleep. tonight's mini party will suck when im asleep before the bells
HOTEL PARTY TONIGHT...HML
Just waking up..... Wonder what's going on tonight. Naw I wonder what Party I'mma go to tomorrow night. lol It's soooo many
Guna hit the bar tonight!  .  .Save myself for tomorrow . .Whose down to party?
Starting to cook for the party tonight!
I was going to go out tonight and "party" for NYE & whatnot but I have got to go church... It's only right.
Can't wait for beach party in my cafe with my friends tonight.... Hahaha
Pre New Years Eve Party boomin tonight @ Haute!
In for tonight with only a taste of wine (3 glasses of wine). The real party starts tomorrow. Hopefully I can get up early to find parking.✌
Tonight / SIENNA - Le Moulin Rouge NYE Party at ESTABLISHMENT-I'm rockin the ball drop! In control of the decks from 11pm till 1am!
new year party on tonight....#silosobeachparty
“@ItsMotorMane Reserved for tonight. Party animal tomorrow. ”
party tonight.
Me and my niggas tryna go to another party 2ma, tonight's was kinda fun.
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
lots of my ppls had a party tonight
TONIGHT TONIGHT! Theres a party on the rooftop top of the world!
no party tonight
If u tryna get faded, zooted, high, drunk, wasted, smash ANYTHING .. HOUSE PARTY TONIGHT. CROWN, GIN, RUM && VODKA IN FULL EFFECT
Reserved for tonight. Party animal tomorrow.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow,party tonight!
Some sushi with the family tonight. Now home watching Letterman. Getting ready for NYE party at our house tomorrow night.
Has anyone heard that party rock is in the house tonight?!
screw them for throwing that party tonight -_-
Still trynna go to a party tonight , lol .
Anyone in Hermosa Beach?! I'm about to get in to 'just enough' trouble since tonight is my party night
Prepare for party tonight \o/
Enjoyable holiday party with old friends tonight.  Hilarity ensued with their son's 20yo GF.  She prob has better luck instigating kids HOA
“@AthenaAnonymous: I Wanted To Party Tonight Too :/” aww poor baby
Just touched down in Vegas, waiting for the rest of my home girls to get off the plane. T Pain party tonight!!! Ladies take over!!!!!
party rockin , in the house tonight
PARTY ROCK IS IT IN HOUSSE TONIGHT !
Party tonight? I think yes!!!
Private party tonight
I Wanted To Party Tonight Too :/
My mood is spoilt by the fact that it's a a Sunday tomorrow and I can't party tonight cuz I have to wake at 830am for church. Zzzz
Party hard in Tampa tonight
Woohoo house party with my bro and his gf tonight! FYEAH.
Where's d party tonight....? Happy New Year to all
Tonight will be interesting...about to hop into a Hollywood bound the party bus!
BBQ countdown party at friends place tonight :D excited!
y'all be safe tonight oh..its always sad hearing about pple who went out to party and never lived to see the new year
Hi New Year's Eve. I'm ready to party tonight, whether it is with one person or four or forty. Either way, I am totes down.
Just so you know, I'll most likely be tweeting about new years tonight while I'm at this party thinger. Lol be prepared xxx
It seem like I'm the ok only person that decided to stay in tonight and not go out to a party
having a new years party tonight! cant wait for 2011 to be over
Can't wait to party with my girl friends tonight :)
Hopefully tonight's surprise party turns out a surprise :s  .Because my sister has turned into a stress head
Tonight's the night! Have a safe, fun new years party! See you all in 2012!
Party rock is in the house tonight !
PARTY TONIGHT AT MILSONS POINT BRADFIELD PARK SYDNEY AU R U READY 2 PARTY PEOPLE WE SAY YEAHHHHHHH SEE U THERE 2012 PARTY PEOPLE
MBC Party tonight, wait for us~ ^^
Live for today party tonight
S/o to the party-goers tonight! ^_^
My sis is hosting a "lame" party tonight for people without better new years eve plans. What to wear. What to wear?
Let's party all night long TONIGHT !!!!
Come on down to Boardwalk tonight for the biggest party of the year!!
going to party tonight :)
HI YALLLLLLLL !  IM HAVING A TWITTER PARTY TONIGHT AND EVERYONES INVITED. BRING FOOD & YOUR DANCING SHOES WAHOOOOO.
Party hoppin in the house tonight
Very excited to be hosting our first New Year's Eve party tonight!
It seems like everybody at the crib tonight party tomorrow
I wanna party tonight guh.
What an interesting end to my hell week...and I guess 2011 as well. Taking it easy tonight. Party safe, everyone!
Was there another party tonight?
Everyone who went enjoy themselves at the Hoolah tonight, yall party hard for me !
Come fuck with me at HEAT tonight its a party
Daddy jz gave me money to party rock tonight! Oh yeay!! :D
Niggas really was throwing money up in the party tonight
A guy @ DQ asked if I was going to the club or any parties tonight. I told him I don't party or club. He said I couldnt be his lady.#adrunk#
Early bed tonight. Long day tomorrow. Car shopping, party preparations with my buddies and then the New Years eve gathering. I'll be DD :)
Im tryn have a party tonight...WHO COMIN!!!
Party rock is in the house tonight everybody just have a good time .Loki and Nemo gonna lose their mind .We just enana se them shake that
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, and party tonight.
Everybody in the club or house party tonight
I went to a party tonight and hate everyone who was there as they all were fucking retarded
So it looks like we off to hill tops tonight in Goa . It's the 1st NYE I'm not playing In 15 years . It's gna be one mad party
That burger and few songs got me hype I was type tied but I could party with body tonight and I don't really like "clubs". Lol
party at my crib tonight ..!!
Live for tonight, Plan for tomorrow... Party tonight, Party tonight
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, PARTY tonight! ;)
Loved seeing old friends at Netta and Elton's everything party tonight!
let's party tonight *\(^▿^)/* !
Party tonight??
Well I'm definitely not going to the all-Asian twat party tonight...
Regardless of who's in it, my car is always a party. Tonight it was also a time machine to the 90s.
Party in LVT tonight.
So tonight I'm gonna party like its 1996!
Party tonight?
party rock is in the house tonight!!  *nimbun batu di kostan, kasi terompet* x))  9gag edan
Fireworks party, tonight \(ˆ▽ˆ)/
Party rock is in the house tonight .Everybody just have a good time CHAU 2011!
feelin lockes party tonight ;)
Where the party at tonight?
Live for today plan for tomorrow party at nightt party tonight...!
Right all you party animals out there, I'm in charge of music tonight, taking requests now? Go!
Hope your Grand Opening Party went well tonight Pat. Sorry we couldn't swing out. Friends in town for the holidays and couldn't break free.
tonight , at the party >> :)
5 Hour nap for the 8 hour party tonight!
live For today , plan for tomorrow , Party tonight .
I Wish I Could Go To PMDC Party/Sleepover Tonight! -____-
Tonight Barbeqeu Party with Palu Skateboarding \(^o^)/
Can't wait for the new years eve party tonight, its gonna be awesome, I just hope the weather clears haha
Fantastic party tonight! Hope everyone had a good time. It was nice to not yell musical terms at people for a change :)
my cousin is running through the house with a bottle of vodka screaming "happy new year" i guess the party starts tonight for us!
my plan for tonight till tomorrow, PARTY ALL NIGHT LONG.
Are you readyy for tonight??? Let's party... !!
Man tonight I saw some crazyyyyyy stuff Smh... Savannah ppl sure know how to party. (Yea Im frm here but I sure ain't bout that life) lmao !
Party rock is in the house tonight, everybody just have a good time..
So Much 2 Do ToNiGht..!!BuT CaLL Me A *PaRTy PooPeR*...."Me Na CaRe"...!!!
I have to ring my friend to tell her I'm not going to her & her husbands 40th party tonight. I feel awful
Party cr3w tonight nigga
Who's going to sentosa countdown party tonight?
bruu i wish we went to the hilton party tonight :/
“@LlCK_myTweets: Juke party ! .. Lets see How this go. Lmao. 47th n cicero.”tonight?
May u all party ur pants off tonight so that the new year u resolute to party but with your pants always on!
Party tonight? Party tmrw. Welp. Ok
destynee went to her first night party tonight lol. im so thirsty.
Drinks ???"@ToughThoughts: House party tonight nigga really debating cause i gotta be up for work @ 5"
Goodnight meeting at 9:30 Ace at 10 and than party at 10:30 big day ahead be safe tonight your...I am going to bed
Just got out here tonight and already on my way to party :D
new year's party tonight then tagaytay highlands tomorrow with fambam! excited!!! :D
i was not feeling hookah tonight some other night... maybe tomorrow before my party we can get that going
I think if my rich neighbor realized just how great of a party he is going to have at his house tonight, he wouldn't leave for vacation.
Don't want to see any friends die tonight, party safe.
so tonight is party night 2 & I'm going in tomorrow =)
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight.
“@_whoseThe_Man: WAIT...they have a party tonight?” <~ nigga u ain't going it pass ur bed time...lol.
Didnt go to that party tonight with the fam
everything is paid for tonight while at the party of the dead dancing in their graves
but iima b a G tonight and party with the girls
List to do for tonight : 1. Party like there's no tomorrow 2. Get wasted 3. Sleep forever .
Gonna have a great party tonight
“@brownEdeLuxe: The palace is right tonight! Lol”. << heeeyyyy party ova here!!!
Shooting a birthday party tonight
WAIT...they have a party tonight?
Let's get the party started yo - a great lineup tonight at the High Noon Saloon - come on down and check out the show.
great night tonight:) tomorrow is going to be awesome:) cause we are are going to party like its the end of world:)
actually turning down a party tonight so i can be fully rested for tomorrow :)
No party tonight , no kiss tomorrow I mean come on can anything go my way fuck !
Party at my uncle's house tonight!
We gonna party like,like its the end of the world TONIGHT! (jay sean-2012)
Let's party tonight !! hahaha Let's go go~~ XD
Work tonight and party tomorrow.....
About to go to one of my coworkers house party tonight with my boys... I wonder what's about to happen
Guess I'm hittin a party tonight
4pm and I still don't know what I'm doing tonight! party or hang with mum...
prepping stuffs for tonight's party. \m/
Which party on tonight guys
finna just cruise tonight nd enjoy this life. Party? Fuck it
“@JoelHilario: I'm staying in tonight. I'll party twice as hard tomorrow.”
Wanna go BBQ party tonight ..hhahhah I can't ._.
wtf sum party tonight
I guess I can't party tonight.
So keen for tonight so I can party hard with my girls! <3
Preparing for a very busy weekend ahead. Ace of Spades tonight the PHD Beautiful Day all day tomorrow. Can't wait to party with friends.
decorating house for New Year Party tonight at Home
Great party tonight. :] I'm so ready for tomorrow!
Time to party again tonight :)
LET'S PARTY TONIGHT!!~
Djing at The Gogo tonight. BYOB. Come party with us after hours & drink til' close! Open until 5am! See you there ;)
Party buss tonight :)
s/o to the people goinn to that lil party tonight .  .-beSafe
Bbq party with my big family tonight!\m/♥
House party tonight nigga really debating cause i gotta be up for work @ 5
Ive had all of an hours sleep tonight... Awake till midnight for the new years party too... Oh no :(
Tonight party all night long at blowfish cafe. See u there guys.  ‎​ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ
I wanna go to a party , any good ones tonight ?
While I lost someone really close to me this year, I also saw people I love grow the families. Party Hard and stay safe tonight, people.
Prepare for party tonight °\(^▿^)/°
party rock is in the house tonight, everbody just have a good time
Tonight's theme is masquerade party. I bet, none will be using any mask. If there is, it must be the event organizer for sure. XD
Great party tonight. It feels so good to just lay down and relax. :] <3
New years eve party tonight. woohoooo! parteeeeeeyyyy....
Preppin fo our kiddie street party tonight. :) Thank God fo all the blessings this year, now its time to give back.
Was gone party tonight but I changed my mind
My awesome family threw me a surprise farewell party tonight! I sure love them
any party goin on tonight
Preparing for a very weekend ahead. Ace of Spades tonight then PHD Beautiful Day all day tomorrow. Can't wait to party with my friends!!
Party tonight? Wooh!
Puts up hand in the air . Shall we got a party rockin tonight . YAHOO !!
Was gone party tonight but I chand
Great retirement party for Dist. Chief Tom Impey tonight in Breton! Thx for your service, Chief!
I should have went to that party tonight... I'm bored af at home.
I maybe not be going out tonight but drinking at chilling at ________ <3 house is way better then any party
PARTY TONIGHT EVERYBODY 1 & GISH! HIT ME UP WHEN YOUR BY DENNYS AND ILL GO OUTSIDE AND GET YOU WERE TRINNA HAVE IT POPPEN WITH NO DRAMA!
Modern Love tonight with DJs Jim Jones and Lil' Teeth! Indie dance party to get you warmed up for New Year's Eve. 9pm.
Shout out to thelma's party tonight.
I *really* want to go to this party tonight/tomorrow but I have no one to go with. And I don't want to go alone. I know no one :/
Mannn i got the house to myself i coulda had a party tonight!
so there's a party in Concord Clubhouse tonight? when it gets shut down those damn police sirens better not wake me up.
had fun at gridy dinner party tonight
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party tonight, Party Tonight.
I wish I was home instead of work tonight but I'm ready to party tomorrow night
tonight ! shabu shabu party uyeee \m/
Good Friday Night again..Now for The New Years Party. Later Tonight!!!!!
Debating on going to this end of The year Naija party tonight
"@BigBradBrown: What you up to tonight?" Dress up pool party☺ theme: "I can't believe you wore that to my NYE party" what you got planned
Not being overly thrilled for tonight, as I'm camping with adults - paige will party hard with soft drink whilst all my friends are drunk.
Party rock is the house tonight!!!
Disney > republic tonight hahaha party before the party millions of people in one street yay
Party rock is in the house tonight lalalalalala
So glad i was far to ill to go the party tonight sounds like there has been murder!
“@TM_Banga: Orange bout to be deep af in this party tonight”
Phag party south sac , Tonight  .3718 41ST AVE 95824 SACRAMENTO cA $2 .Host Diandre Norwood.
should I party tonight? hmmmmm...
No much money for party new year tonight -_-
I wanna party tonight !!!
Asikdeh pm nya "Let's party ! Ladies I'm coming&give me everything tonight !"
I almost ended up at the same party as my sister tonight.. Woo.. Close call.
Urban Nerds & BassLaced NYE Warehouse Party! Tonight! BUZZING
Just cracked Pinot Grigio to help me get the cooking done for NYE party tonight
I'm bout to get ALL the way live at this party tonight!
I had fun tonight I should of went out wit him to his party
Party rockers in the house tonight, everybody just have a good time! And we gone make u lose ur mind! We just wanna see u..... SHAKE THAT!
Party tonight :) hopefully its fun
Toodles going to watch TV :) Party Tomorrow Night!! chilling tonight :) Purple bushes and Charter Cable :) Love & Be Safe :)
We had a great time playing Ta Weber's surprise birthday party tonight. We're glad that everyone seemed to have a good time!
time for the leanna dance party :) time to get pumped for tonight xo
Might go to a party tonight ;D
YeeeYeee moms not home tonight, party at my place ;D
Party rock is in the house tonight
So hot, resting after a busy day shopping and preparing for 40th party tonight going to be big!
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight. Party tonight.
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight party tonight
It was a party tonight at dude studio though. Naa, I'm good.
Looking forward to the party tonight at rickys house.
Lets party tonight !
And yessssss we have a new years party Sunday night too...... For the 20 phone calls yo yo got tonight!!!!
cleaning the whole house for tonight's party. ugh...i'm still half way.  =(
i'm on the paper trail tonight but tomorrow I gotta party fucc that i gotta enjoy this weekend!!
Theme for tonight's house party is your best vinnies attire. Of course I'm still going in sequins, they are just vintage!
PARTY TONIGHT !!!!!!!
Aw tonight was really fun. Caitlin's party an an hour long convo with Phil in his car parked in the street in front of my house. I love him.
Heading to a house party. I don't think I'm drinking tonight.
Glo stick party tonight ;) The Drop Zone* in Kissimmee
APRILS SURPRISE PARTY .. .MEET AT Sam's club on military (next to taco bell) @ 11:20-11:30 Friday 30th tonight Retweet plz210 386-6459 or MIA
Tonight ! Party  \(´▽`)/
wonder if Plat having a party tonight?
Tonight was so fucking fun this was the best party i ever been to i love my family
Party rockers in the house tonight.
Wanna Go Somewhere Tonight But Where??? I'm Not Trynna Party Doing That Tomorrow...Where My BFF At??
APRILS SURPRISE PARTY ... .MEET AT Sam's club on military (next to taco bell) @ 11:20-11:30 Friday 30th tonight.
Family night tonight party night tomorrow
i thought about the Mansion Party , but i rather watch movies tonight ..
Tonight the night I give you everthing I don't care what they say ... Or some shit like that !!! Cuz I like to party
But Iam in the crib for tonight, saving all my energy to party on New years
Y is my dad still here tho?! FML. I need to start getting ready for this party tonight.
Funn Ass Nigga Mann ! Buhh Might Hit Up Sum Party Or Just Ride Tonight . . . Flexxin Shawtyy I'm Stupid Yo ! Hahaha
“@iPlankonHeauxs: Ain't no party like an s club partayyyyyyy oooooooh. Everybody get down tonight” lmao not S Club 7!
supposed to party tonight and ended up doing a 3D puzzle of the capitol
I'm in vegas..where the party @ tonight!!
Party tonight with my boys :))
It's turned hot and sunny! It's a MIRACLE! Bring on tonight, party time! Happy New Year everyone! Xo
Woohoo party time!!! 23-17  .Cowbells rule Nashville tonight!  .Hail State!
PARTY TONIGHT!
Finally in Vegas. Filipino party tonight. And Japanese 80s new years party 2morrow in Cali
Tonight PABST SERVICE INDUSTRY PARTY $1 drafts, free entry for industry ppl!! The Hugs, Starlight & Magic, DJ Roane +more Someday 125 NW 5th
Party Tonight On 84th in Marquette!!!! 5 dollars all night <3
Great dinner with my college best bud.  We had an Old Year's party tonight.
& tonight were gonna party like is 1999 :)
Im calling tha WHOLE CITY OUT TONIGHT!!! Certified 1CT Album Release party tonight!!! WE SHUTTN IT DOWN!!! STAR CITY!!!
