Home DVD Marathon today (´▽`ʃƪ) w/ some peanut butter waffles b4 the New Year Eve Party started, enjoying the last hours of 2011!
Tomorrow will be today and that's the day we party this last year
Live or today. plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, party tonight.
I can't wait for the NYE party today.
Party rock anthem is the mos annoying song but I say today that it is acceptable.
im going to this party later on today/tomorrow how ever you wanna look at it
party later on today ;)
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight , party tonight .
Today has been such a long day. Time to get some rest for work tomorrow, then the NYE party!! Good night lovies, muah!
Put one son on a plane to go home today, then went to an early New Year's party. 23 1/2 hours 'til 2012. Where does the time go?
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
Today is the last Saturday and last day for 2011, party hard everybody :p
NGuerra1010 I miss you girl ! Karson wrote me today but I didn't go out just a Christmas party . Les2VZXjx
live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight, party tonight. !
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow , Party Tonight , Party Tonight .
I'm going to this party today imma find a ride
Oops I've been doing my nails And havent slept all night and party planning starts today mum is not gonna be happy:L
i know one thang if iont know nun else TRE bet not have his fast tail self at that party today & im not playin !
Live for today, plan for tomar, party tonight, party tonight!!!!!
Timeline Today: New year's , Hotel party's , Press play , St Andrew , Relationship's BLAH BLAH BLAH Etc .... ! Stfu !
who having a party today or on new years
Today I Party Like White Boy ..
Forget a party Ima sleep from today until Jan. 2...
No I didn't see my crazy ass today cause he went to a party =( .
Live for today plan for tmrw party tnight
Just got in , today was funn almost foughht some spanish bitches at a party they aint want it tho!!
Going to sleep today I quess ' and waking up early tomorrow to clean the house then PARTY ' think is worth it .
Live for today, plan for tomorrow ....party TONIGHT
Weekends on, started it right, even if i only get part of it right , live for today, plan for tomorow party tonight party tonight
In NY, cant wait to go home so I could go to this party today !
I wanted to go to a party today...-_- I hate LA!
Live for today, plan for tommorrow, party tonight
Owwww; Awesome Birthday! But It Doesn't Stop Here! Party At My House later Today! owwww :) <3 Thanks You Guys For The Birthday Wishes
Live 4 today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight !
Jamia didn't get anything for the party until today!
I missed the Disney princesses dancing to Party Rock Anthem? Damn. At least I got to see President Carter today.
Totally ready to party later on today
live for today .plan for tomorrow .party tonight <3.
feeling hella dead today... i hope i find a party or somthing tomorow :(
Party today and party tomorrow, gotta make up for all this break lol
Dabox is going to Rio de Janeiro today to play an exclusive set at a sick NYE party with an outstanding view of Ipanema beach! Champagneee
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
Happy New Years eve everyone..."Live for Today, Plan for Tomorrow, PARTY tonight!" Bring on 2012!!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow..party tonite party tonite
Explored all of Manhattan today. Grrrrrreat day lol. Now, party time !
Patron, TODAY we'll b closing until 6pm, due to preparation of New Year's Eve Party. For any inquiries please call (021)29021357. Thank you
Live for today. Plan for tommorow . & party tonight !
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
All in black in my office today, enjoying the party....:)
Countdown party today (:
At this house party so not staying long got an early morning start to my day today!
Today is gonna be a big bowl of stress with this party !!!!!!
Two parties to attend today. Day party in disc & night party on terrace. :))
“@liCkMy_spOts Ready for today!!!! Party party party”
Live for today , Plan for tomorrow , Party tonight(:
I mean they was so anxious to leave work today to go to that party! Lol.. have fun whoever went!
Who's ready to party today ?! 
Shopping today....for the party tonight! Happy new Year 2012 to all....! Bye Bye 2011 :-)
Bout to have this new years party today
Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight
Im not gonna be able to sleep today cuz im just that exited for tomorow. Fuck everyore . Imma party, get drunk party & get drunk !!! ☺
I feel your pain...throw a party “@jaybergz: Oh em gee like today is new years eve and I still don't have plans! Yay me!”
I am going out today actually lol party with my sisters daniela & vee ✌
34ºC today, 35ºC tomorrow, 38ºC Monday, 35ºC Tuesday. COME TO AUSTRALIA WHERE WE PARTY HARDY THEN EXPIRE PROGRESSIVELY FROM HEAT EXHAUSTION.
Mani pedi today and played some pool :) now party tmrw woot woot!!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight.
What's for today's plan? Idk for mine but 80% chances are am gonna stick my huge ass at home and party on my bed. Boring? I don't care! 
Hotel party today>>>
Live for today,plan for tomorrow,party tonight party tonight.
Preparing today's party. I'm cooking. HA! joke. :P :)
ToDay's My Bro BirthDay.! Double Party FWU.!
Hectic day 4 me started 2 hrs ago, today I'm goin haam wit 'My Party', ma niggaz goin haam wit 'My Party', the whole town gon b @ 'My Party'
Ready for today!!!! Party party party
So I was at a party today (well technically yesterday) and I met a girl there and I swear she looked exactly like Ally from Austin & Ally.
Awww my beautiful niece turns 3 today :) she gonna party hard af when she get older lol
Got a mani pedi today played some pool now time for bed :) party tmrw woot woot!!
grounded for the rest of the holidays, no party. only just got m phone back today. not so excited about turning 16 now :(
Went to my very first pure romance party today
house party TODAY " : )
Live for today plan for tomorrow and party tonight
Party tonight, party tonight  RTV“@LoveLust_Lita: Live for today, Plan for tomorrow.”
"Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight"
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
I thought today was new years eve for some reason.  At a Persian party what what!!
If you haven't booked your New Years Party yet Happy Hedonist still has limited space available.  book today!
Long day today.  Tomorrow: Gym, Haircut, Parro's for my rifle, then party this horrible year out!
Hope Everyone Stays Safe Today, Don't Get To Wavvyy, But Party Hard Tho and Enjoy The New Year (Y)
Omg, theres an Eritrean youth party tonight too. The hell? why am I forgetting everything today.
Slept at 5 and woke up at 1. Feeling reaaaally good today! Hope this feeling stays with me till the party tonight :D
Whole lot of cleaning done for today !! Almost ready for the new years party here tomorrow !!
Yes Im Fucking Shit UP TODAY!!!!  .Fuck a Party
Guess I'll get my outfit together for my grandma's party today
charnell party later on today :)
Today's gonna be a busy-as-hell day. At least we're gonna party our asses off!!
“@DiaryOf_Poppy Happy 2Nd Birthday To My Ziggy iLy With Ya Mean Ass iKnow U Gone Enjoy Ya Party Later On Today ”
Today my uncle bday....i gotta get to atl so we can party again
Hatian girls really know how to do hair ! I was wild'n with them in the salon today ,they even invited us to a party wednsday Lol
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow,party tonight!
Just got in. Had fun with my girls today. Tomorrow new years party and chillaxing wit the loml!
today we gne party !
New Year's Eve party at the Gaylord today gon be live
Today was fun af. even though it wasn't bumping, my sisters and i know how to make things a party.
who's fucking with me today ? i wanna party do something :/
Happy 2Nd Birthday To My Ziggy iLy With Ya Mean Ass iKnow U Gone Enjoy Ya Party Later On Today
Live for today party tonight
im looking for a mix of fun party hip hop from 90s-today... hour or so?
Okay I Went To The Mall Today To Get My Outfit For This New Years Party Thinking It Was Tomorrow But It's Sunday !
I wouldn't mind so much if I wasn't at work today. Then going on to a party afterwards. *despairs*
Hung out with two of my favorite people today after the Ducks Christmas Party! Mitch and Andrew <3
Busch gardens was fun today. Going to the range bright and early tomorrow then to the mall followed by a new years eve party
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, and party tonight.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, PARTY tonight! ;)
Today's shoot is a WRAP!!! Whoopi is official in party-mode(kinda-sorta...)
Just popping in to say that my poor little girl is sick. :-(((( We had to cancel her birthday party. She slept most of the day today.
Plan for today finish at 11, party all the way!
Live for today plan for tomorrow party at nightt party tonight...!
live For today , plan for tomorrow , Party tonight .
I really didn't know about the party 'til today
Today we throwing my little brother a 21st bday party and y'all invited.
The Real party starts today... NYE! 2012
It really should be more. Going to play it most of today. Until the party, at least.
And the weekends here started it right. .Even if you only get part of it right. .Live for today plan for tomorrow. .Party tonight party tonight
Not gonna go out today but have to atten new year party with my dad and his employees tmr. seriously i don't even remember their names -___-
My mood today was fuck EVERYBODY !!! And tomorrow its gonna be party party party !!!
Had surgery today and even though i did im still gonna party tomorrow hhaha :)
Live For Today Plan For Tomorrow Party Tonite
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party tonight, Party Tonight.
I wonder why thy are all dressed up?LoL...Ahh!Of course because of the Christmas Party that will be held today!LOL
I had the worst party at work today. I literally wanted to kill each and every one of them.
I swear my stomach been throwing a party today ..... been making noises all day
.I think it was a party today, I should have went . :)
so. today marks day 1 of bye bye office party, bdays, christmas nov-dec excess weight bonanza. i'm r
Busy day today. Got my hair done for the New Years Eve party in Atlanta. I can't wait. Then off to the game on Sunday.
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight. Party tonight.
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight party tonight
Omg today is the last Friday of 2011!!! Party!!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight <3
I don't need present. I don't need a party. All I need is just a pray. And all of you give that for me today. Thanks a lot ~(‾▿‾~)(~‾▿‾)~
Live for today , plan for tomorrow, PARTY FOR TONIGHT!
Love for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.. Party tonight..
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight, party tonight
There's no new year party today. Tq
FINALLY HOME WIT MY CHILDREN...I HAD FUN TODAY POLE PARTY DEN WE WENT OUT TO EAT:)
hate I missed my lil cuzzo birthday party today
Everybody was at TOWNCENTER today! Party at the mall!
My mother said either I go to one of these parties today or go to my best friends party . Of course I chose my best friend party .
You don't know what your missing out on..... The best party is with Jesus....get saved TODAY!!!!!!
Where's the party today?
Live For Today , Plan For tomorrow , Party tonight , Party Tonight !
Hea for today plan for tomar party tonite party tonite
my brother is sixteen  and CRIED TODAY   saying .I DONT DRINK I DONT PARTY I DONT RUN AROUND .Dad RAISED US RIGHT  so wheres THE CHURCH?
wish I had a nice guy up come over drink lemonade eat these cheese an crackers with me an do it atleast 3/4 times today I don't wanna party
The mario party gods do not smile upon me today
Its my cousins 18th today!!! :) party tonight at her hoose! Haha
To speak against politicians is a fashion today [I'M NO WAY RELATED TO ANY PARTY,NOT EVEN DISTANTLY.][YES,but,I DO VOTE WITHOUT FAIL]
I heard we will die in 2012 so... PARTY ALL DAY TODAY! * falls asleep for the whole day *
Truth from the 5yo. "Today's there's going to be a big party isn't there dad"
At my Second party today 4th this week
Cord been blowin my phone up today, must want me to come to his party
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
“@SouljaMontana_ live for today. plan for tomorrow. party tonight.”
got sum new boots today, so i guess ima be fly at my moms bday party
Today is day to relax...tomorrow I gotta clean the whole house and cook for the party!
My friend bought a dress today for the party tomorrow and it looked JUST like one of Ariana's. I died ♥
A quiet night here in Costa Rica...went to Auto Mercado earlier today and loaded up on some Buds and treats for New Year Eve party!!!
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party tonight <3
RT if you´re gonna have a big party today
Will enjoy our year end party today!! +__+
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight!
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
Went To This Weak Ass Party Today ' I Basically Wasted My Time ' It Was Nothing Compared To My Sister Party ' Smdh
Today was fun! I wish my little party horn didn't break, though. :'(RGSZ8q
Live for today, plan for tomorrow Party tonight, party tonight
Please God do not cry today, no rain please. I have practised like he'll and do not want the party to give a boo at last. Please show up ...
Live for today, plan for tomorrow party tonight, party tonight
All I did today was buy liquor and panties. Sounds like a great party.
"Party like, like it's the end of the world. We gonna party like, it's 2012~" this song is kinda inappropriate to party today? End of world?
Live for today....plan for tomorrow....party tonight party tonight!
Two of our favorites came in today: Are-You-Wearing-Underwear-Man and Can-You-Fix-My-Shitty-Forever21-Necklace-Girl. Party.
Photo shoot today. Than went to a party. NYE party tomarrow, sweet!
Stay in today with my baby, party tomorrow with the set.
i might not even be drinking today, forget new year party. As i say special days never  work for me
live for today. plan for tomorrow. party tonight.
gud mrng. frnds.... .today is the last day of 2011... .now become 2012 .let's party yahhhhhhhhhhhhh
But the weekends here started it right..even if I only get part of it right..live for today plan for tomorrow..party tonight, party tonight
Gonna do countdown today. Another party party party :D
live for today, plan for tomm, party tonight
Party hard, because today is the last friday night ²º¹¹
Target: Finish Matech today before heading for countdown party (must must must!)
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow , Party Tonight . -Drake <3
should have book K-session 12pm-6pm today ~ and go countdown at night, party all day long !
is in a fultuu Party mood today;)
Another one of my people I grew up with died today. Got jumped to death at a party cause he was in the wrong hood with the wrong color on.
Hada good day today. Ready to party tomarow night! Its goina be a great 1. Ready for 2012!
today plainning party new year with big family RT@uwik_dewi
Busy day today. Breaky with my brodie lido. Shopping, pinkberry, church for confession, dinner, nap then party time whooooop
Party Today Whao!
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party Tonightttttttt!!
"It sounds great, there are also impossible, are what make me say .. today that the party starts now."
" she's a dirty dirty dancer dirty dirty dancer!!!" I wna party today for god sake!!!!
Today went by fast! Tomorrow is all about getting ready to party!!!!
So the party I thought was tommorow is today... Thats nice -___-
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party tonight .- Drake
<------------today is party night and i have no desire to feast, strange :´(
Shall spend my whole of today watching music videos. Since will be at my aunt's house the whole day for some party. Stay till countdown!
Today shud be declared world wide party day.
Live for today.. plan for tomorrow.. party Tonight party tonight
Hello everyone!? Big day today... (: party all night long.
If my name was Dave I'd text my friends today saying "IT'S FRIDAVE! LET'S PARTY!". They'd be sick of me by Tuesdave.
So today was super successful met and made some career moves AND got to make the cake for my goddaughter birthday party
Going for run now, then off to shops to buy last few things, food preparations & pool party (please sun come out and play today)!
Party today (;
I AM SO TIRED. ALL THE TIRED. party at a friends house today where all we did was eat food.
I'm actually ready for today to be over.. Im ready for tomorrrow. Birthday party/new years ever party all in one ((:
;-) the party start today......
Today is the after party of yesturday,let's celebrate!
I'm going to party so hard 2morrow so I will sleep early today.
Today has been a lil stressful but bout to go party all of it out of my system
Such a good mood, party yesterday then today&then tomorrow! COO HOO
Don't miss SKATEROCK new year festival today!! Our slot will be at 2pm!! Forget about your new year resolution!! Let's party!!
Every Party Today Was live
Live for today, plan for tomorrow , party tonight ..Party tonight
everyone's so happy about today being 'the last Friday of the year'  ready to party .. while i'm stuck at home sick .. i guess!
Today is the 30th not the 31st, so pll u got one more day of 2/11  then party like a rock star
Busy day today! Preparing the house for tonight's party and then will join my brother to cook the feast :D
I will do so much fun today to celebrate new year eve with bbq party, because it will never come back. Thanks for good and bad memories 2011
Today : buy many kind fireworks, watch MI and new year party with my best and everything :*
"U never get second change to make first impression " time to go for work ,no party today :))
Party day today enjoy  .new year rocks..!!!!!!!
Ok first I got my 1st deer today!! Yay!! And I got invited to a party tomorrow!! Yay!! But I can't go!!!! Ugh!!!!
Man , i bet people partyn already for new years.. this a party weekend .. startinq today .. && im in the house . hahaha
I live for today , plan tomorrow , and  party tonight
Mama Done Ruined All My Plans For Today First I Miss The Game Now Ian Going To The Party This Some Bullshit.
kinda strange that everybody wants to party today since we all know 2012 is going to be our last year on earth
Since Sergio didn't get locked up today, we're going to party. Hard.
Live for today plan for tomorrow  party tonight
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight
Ohh yeah, Jordan got out of juvie today and he's coming to party!
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight.
party today & still party 2morrow.
Since we can't find anything today, maybe we should just have a party at the house! ;D
uuhhhhhhhhhhhhh don't i love today, a wedding then its all about the pilsner party at carni. Al b mcing end the year with style
Live For Today, Plan For Tomorrow, Party Tonight.
live for today plan for tomorrow and party tonite
YEAH! Party today (: Miss FAMILY GATHERING♥♥
Live today plan for tomorrow PARTY TONITE PARTY TONITE :)
I just found out today that I'm in town for new years eve, now I need a party!
Juss got a new coat & made a new friend:) pretty good day today:) oh and u guys should come 2 my new years party @ my house tomorrow night!
Live For Today, Plan For Tommorrow, Party Tonight .
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow , Party Tonight Party Tonight !
drivin' all over today ..just left Party City in Hazlet ..had to grab some glow stick neclaces!!
Today is International Party Day
Killed chest today, time to go party bby bitchess ;)
On call today.. Party starts in d eve..
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, and party tonight.
I think my cousins really want to go countdown party today leh :O
RT "@EndlessSquad: Today, we performance at Mall Summarecon Serpong. So, come on join to party in the year guys, don't miss it !! We Are
I was looking so nice today in my pre-party wear with my hair in a quick twist out roller set and what? NO DANG PICTURES -_- I need a camera
my dad wanted to speak English today at the party. because my brother is Canadian like my nephew but my daughter would not let me
Today is the last day of YEAR 2011!!! Are you ready for YEAR 2012? Anyone going to a Countdown Party 2012 later? Share with us now.
Its an indoor party for me today. Whats your plan?
My boyz been sleep since they came home they had a party n skool today they must of had a ball cuz they rocked. ...
Last day of year 2011 ;) Hope u guys have fun today!!! For someone, party's on the way, I guess ;b
live for today. plan for tomorrow. && party tonight !
But today so far has been good, this party is LIFE.
"Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight" ;)
I don't feel like celebrating new years today, since there's a party tomorrow
hmm... sigh* okay so they said I shouldn't go out today  because later there is going to be a party at my ninang's house.
Weather for today : rain aww so buzzing for the street party :/
My throat itches. My nose is blocked. But that dont mean I can't party today
Well today was productive. New years eve tomorrow:D gonna party it up!(((;
Really hope you all liked my cameo, on last night's 24/7 at the 'ugly Christmas sweater' party lol! Heard a lot about it at work today lol
Are you all going to party hearty tonight? Out with the old and in with the new!!!! Today's our last day of 20% off all full price stock.
Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight.
MAN TODAY HAS BEEN SO FREAKING CRAZY TRYING TO PREPARE FOR MY PARTY MAN.
Today was a great day. .Brunch, Ice Skating, party. With all my favorite people!! What a great night.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight :3
its party dress up day at the VG Garage Sale today!
Yeay, today must be fun old & new party w/ friends! Dresscode: 3Colourblocks. Schedule: dinner, bbq, & get drunk... ♥♥♥
today is day of party *o* ho
Maybe I'm feelin like a kid today. I use to wonna have a house party watchin house party kid an play.
On the way uncle's house for party today :)
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight .
Rise and shine!!! Work today. Party tonight!!
today I'm gonna party like it's 2012!! \m/ =))))
Today I caught a cold. I hope I'm getting better soon, because tomorrow I'm going to meet my family, for my mother's birthday party.
Hello Foodies. So today the last day of 2011. How are you spending your New Year's Eve night? I am having a BBQ party with them friends.
i saw Shonbrea in walmart today & she didn't tell me she was having a party !
No party for me today
"@__HighOnLovee: Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight !"
hey people what's happening today!!!!! are  you all ready to party yeah !!!!!:)
Live for Today, Plan for Tomorrow, .Party Tonight, Party Tonight .
Change of plans. Going back down today. Go around Baguio to buy stuff then New Years family party back at home! :)
Its gonna be a long day today preparing for our annual tradition of hosting our new year's dinner party here at home.
today just party 11 am".I am anjoy now
Imma go all crazy baking today for my guests!!! Bring on the party y'all! I love hosting!!!
Today : BBQ Party
"@RockieRockelle: Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight!"
I need a party bus today lol
“@chyna_yeka: Stilllllll at this party, so am I even gonna sleep today?” < soz soz
Won't be on a lot today cause it's new years eve!!! Party all night ;) just came to say happy new years ladies ;) have a good one xx
Who is Josh Frydenberg kidding, Menzies would be disgusted at the party today.
Livee for today , Plan for tomorrow , Party for tonightt ^.^
Stilllllll at this party, so am I even gonna sleep today?
& the Wknds here, started it right, even if you only get part of it right- live 4 today, plan 4 tomrw, party tonight party tonight -@Drake
live for today, plan for tomorrow .party tonight, party tonight(;
Today is 31st december.. Which means.. It's not time for party, it's just time to get ready for school. Bet alot of people dun want school.
Where Them Girls at? :/ Hey, Today We're party till died! \m/
“@youraddiction__: Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.” yes
trynna party and drink today cuz tomorrow ima do the same (X
today go to siam party w/my frend see you:))
Today we're gonna party like it's 1992...bære sei det.
He did not just ask me if I had a party a chuck e cheese today
Today at the end of the party I picked up my trash and what other people left behind.
Miliband no less popular than Cameron was at same stage in his leadership; if an election today Labour'd be biggest party in hung parliament
Wearing something a little rocky today hehehe party-mode on.
"Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight."
Morning drive to buy some recipes for party today with Carlo :)))
Live for today. Plan for tomrrow. Party tonight!
Braved the holiday crowds today for some shopping... came home with gym crop pants, a sparkly party dress, Jacob lingerie, and pretty tops!
Kamora said her name is "hold up club girl." And she said today they gone party and get money. Lmao. Too funny!
Busy today to some work and party time dinner with friends , stay happy be safe
Today at night I'll party like a rockstar! hahahahaha
went skiing today with anna! super fun, new years party tomorrow at michaelas! woooooohooooooooooo BRING ON 2012 BABBBBBBY!
TODAY!!!beach party 2012 at THEMEPARK(pantai cermin) MEDAN..
TODAY!!!beach party 2012 at THEMEPARK(pantai cermin) MEDAN
Everyone's so busy today in preparing for my nephews 1st bday party later...bonggels na ang pagod ko mga 9632634 ganyan...haha HapiNewYear!☺
My parents' shop is open today from 9am to 7pm & then we're gonna rush to the Old & New party! ~(‾⌣‾~) (~‾⌣‾)~
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight :)
Blusters to small. The last party there was on swole( microwave ). Today that ice berg shit gone be a oven.
Today is my ward party.. Will be having great food & great performance.. But too bad, we're not dancing no more! Coz u make our roster sux!
Party hopping for all the bowl games going on today. Next stop, grandma and grandpa's for the Iowa game.
I wonder what Hyesung and Junjin will do today. JINSYUNG DO PARTY ROCK ANTHEM!!!
last friday of the year, might as well party it out today too ^_^
Not going to lie, I know my state is run by the right party, the Republican party, but I am completely shocked at their decisions today.
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow , Party Tonightt .
great productive day today. Awesome day at work and got tons done for tomorrows New Years Party. More prep before bed. Goodbye 2011
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight party tonightttt (:
Just a reminder.. Our party is tomorrow not today....
You can either spend today reflecting on the shitty ass year that was .OR you can leave it all the fuck behind, party da night away!
My favorite soldier was at the gate today ^.^ he told me not to party too hard on new years. I was like uh I don't party. His face ==> :o
200 people's gonna party hard today hahaha
I could've stayed an got 8 hours today... Damn you party..
Good night my friends today will be awesome :) chilling with friends and "party" in the evening :) sweet dreams smilie and peace out <3
Live for today Plan for tomorrow Party tonight
A party is what you make it tbh LOOOL today was funny
today is friday tomorrom is saturday and after comes sunday  party all the week it's friday friday :s
" Party hard, because today is the last friday night 2011 ''
Tia had a house party today
Today was such a great day. Half day at work, got to see my friend, ate out for dinner , and party tomorrow for New Year's eve! :)
Live For Today, Plan For tomorrow , Party Tonight Party Tonight - Drake <$
Today I'm so happy! Start from his morning call, surprise from mom+dad & gonna do NYE party at backyard w/ 'em♥
Live for today, plan for tomrw. Party tonight. *
man idk if i should party it up and go balls to the wall today or save it for tomorrow!!
GET YOUR TICKETS TODAY $20 FOR---»TOMORROW NEW YEARS PARTY CLUB RAINE 3 BOTTLES FOR $250 TILL 12AM FOR INFO OR BDAYS 917-669-9907
Live For Today...Party Tonight ! :)
It's Perry family Christmas today. Time for presents!! Then lunch - then party in 2012!!!
party on flamingo drive today my parents wouldnt let me nore my sis go so bored right now
Today party rock.!!!!
Samuel is 2 today. Off to a 2 year old birthday party
** the weekend  here... gotta start it right.. . live for today.... plan for tomorrow... party tonite **
ran into a old friend today turns out she was married with kids. After meeting her husband at his bachelor party to ex... jaw drops
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight <3
I just want to party today...dont u...
LIVE for today PLAN for tomorrow PARTY tonight PARTY tonight. :  )
Live for today,plan for tomorrow and party for tonight!♥
today we party hard..tomorrow we party harder
I dunno about you, but the best REVEALS today were all those 3rd party stuff (Grimlock, Big Convoy, Lioconvoy, Arcee-Bike)
Today's music is GARBAGE! at least what they play on the radio is. When I get my ipod i will be anti-rap...unless im at a party
Life for today party tonight party tonight
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight !
Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight !
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight!
live for today party tonight
Today my last party!
"Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight!"
melvin2898 Party it Up. Better YouTube it, b/c Disney has now pulled it. Last airing was today at 2pe6TJn
Live for today ...pray for tomorrow ..party tonight
Well the weekends here started it right even if i only get part of it right live 4 today plan 4 2morro party tonight party tonight
Live For Today, Plan For Tomorrow, Party Tonight!!!!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight ;)
yesterday party ,, today party ,, tomorrow party :: Yeah !! My everyday is party ~ i loving it : ]] <3
For a countdown party today, I wish you have a good time with your family or friends. Take care of yourself. See you next year~
Today I am going to have a great party.. <3 My infrction over my leg is very good from blessings of your all..!!
Live for today , Party tonight .
Christmas tree down today......getting ready for the big Robinson New Years family party tomorrow night!......
Morning! Today is the-going-to-be-new -year-day! Have a great party to celebrate new year. X
Live for today , plan for tmrw . Party tonight !
Last night was a great party. I bet today's gonna be legend..wait for it..dary!
Today,Last day in 2011 at Langkawi party :)
ultimate frisbee in the mud today, and an after party at a friends house, a really good way to end the year. cant believe its almost 2012...
Live for today, plan for tomorrow .Party tonight..
Life For Today .Plan For Tomorrow .Party Tonight, Party Tonight!
Today Town Shopping? Or Party Get Drunk? Suggestion Please??
But The Weekend's Here, Started It Right, Even If We Only Get Part Of It Right, LIVE For Today, PLAN For Tomorrow, PARTY Tonight.
So I was telling my mom today how I wanted to get a sleeping mask and wound up winning one at a jewelry party we just left.
today last day in 2011...so guys lets celebrate the party....have fun, .lets cheer up:-)♥ ♥
2nd party today & both of them had mariachis. I'm in heavennnn.
Yesss i sent u a party invite today an u ddnt accept u butt
Breakfast today: an apple. Saving spaces in the belly for BBQ party tonight.
Live for today, plan for tommorrow, party tonight party tonight
Great day! my bffl came over today! then I had my grandpas bday party! now I'm just chillin and editing a music video:)
Finally got food in my belly for the first time today ..now it's time to party
Happy new years eve!*party* last day of 2011 today woop ♥
no yayas for today. will be on duty! clean the house! cause later after the party.. will again clean the house :| haha! goodmorning! ☺
Today SKYNee, Gfive, ZVier & 2ndFloor will perform at K-POP FlashMob & Dance Cover @ New Year's Eve Party fX Mall at 7 until 9 pm. Come&join
Live for today plan for tommarrow party tonight party tonight ;)
But the weekends here, started it right. Even if I only get part of it right. Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight, party tonight!
He turned 26 today for crying out loud, do we really have to treat this nigga like he at chuckie cheese? Trash the party hats, cut the cake!
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party Tonight.......
TODAY XL PARTY!!!
Take today off party, take tomorrow off party? Hmm decisions decisions
Today schedule: work out-massage-shopping-party. Yuhuuuuuu
well sitten here hanging out  wit syd today and tomaro new years eve party
Boaaaa weeeeee bout to party like crazy tomorrow everyone arriving  today to party tomorrow -only MEXICANS
And the weekends here, starting it right, live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, PARTY TONIGHT!! Let the celebrations begin!!
Live for today,party tonight!!!
It's so hard having goodie goodie friends and then party animals as friends. I got judged so hard today.
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, party tonight.
Rachell has no party today. ): hi boring new year.
Live For Today Plan For Tomorrow Party TONIGHT .!
Live for today.. Plan for tomorrow.. Party tonight.!
In the words of drake Live for today, plan for tomorrow Party tonight, party tonight!!!!
Good morning to all the hangover people from last night's party who had to wake up early today
Shower muna then off to the mall para mag grocery for tonight's party.. Mukhang mapa pagod ako today! Hehehe putukan na latur!!!!!! :)
Dam i wish i could party today..but i gotta finish my pre-ap assignments..i got a 3papers due... /:
Today was hard but just knowing he's in a better place party rockin with Jesus takes the sadness off my heart. Rest In Piece Joseph.
Is there a party today? ???
but anyways found people dtg to the party....realized i blew my bread shopn today..only got 20$ 10 to get n...  how much are drinks?
Mr Romney promised a crowd today that he wouldn't cry during a speech-apparently the Republican Party will cry enough if he gets nominated..
i kinda wish i could party today or tomorrow
I don't know why but all day today I've been in a crappy mood. But at least I get to go to Lukes  party tomorrow that cheered me up a bit.
Live for today, plan for tom, Party tonight !
“@iTs_DoBeY_RiCe3 Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonite, party tonite”
yeah...today is party time...woohoo!!!
My little brother turned 14 today & my sister is turning 20 tomorrow. Party, party, party let's all get wasted. Lol.
Think imma just just with the boys today, idk if that party is for me
Live for Today. Plan For Tomorrow. Party Tonight!!
already 00:14 which means today is the last day of 2011!! OMG, the year passed sosososososo fast! tonight PARTY! good night twitter world!!
the weekends here started it right .Even if you only get part of it right .Live for today, plan for tomorrow .Party tonight, party tonight
It's a party @ plaza . Everyone's been here today
“@booYOU_sloreee Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight.”
we seen this lame in the MALL today lol she really think somebody is coming to her PARTY lol i quit i just wanna clown real quick
We started the party early today
Today was a good day, on my way to this party
PARTY PEOPLE !!!! Get wild today, New Year's Eve !! YEAHHHHHHHH ^^
But; the weekends here, started  it Right. Even if, I only get part of it right. Live 4 today, plan 4 2morrow party tonight ! Party Tonight'
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight.
Im dressing simple today im not trynna sweat at this party in some dip shit
I'm stressing tf out! I'm in Irving picking up my girls so maybe they can calm me down before the party. Time went by way toooo fast today!
And the weekends here started it right even if I only get part of it right. Live for today, plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, Party tonight.
Okay today im staying at home. Tomr im gonna rock the party ^^
Live For Today , Plan For Tomorrow ,  Party Tonight ! Party Tonight !
Man I need to party!  Today has not been my day…
Today is the last Friday of 2011. What are you party people up to? What's gooood?!
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonite, party tonite
Here at the park, we are gearing up for the end of year party later today.
Live for today! Plan for tomoro! Party tonight! Party tonight! (8)
Starting the last day of 2011 right with the YES Report. Hope to finish at least half by today. Exciting New Year's party later! ;)
Every text I've been getting today is about some new years party tomorrow. Wooop Hanging with Mariah.
Live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight  party tonight.
Today is that day of winter break when it is time for a certain party to go back to school.
“@LuxuryDiamond_: Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, party tonight.”<----- should be everyone's motto tomorrow-
Today is the big day for the party... Wohooooo.. It will start on 4:00pm.. Happy birthday my brother mustaqeem
and the weekends here started it right, Even if u only get part of it right .Live for today, plan for tomorrow, Party tonight, party tonight
BOUSS & MUSIC HAYK! CLUB SHOW. BIG PARTY V ALMATE TODAY! Всех с Новым Годом! Love & Cash
events today - church, sentosa, dinner with truthies, mbs with sd people, maybe party at robin's house. "WHERE GOT TIME?!!!" 
Live for today,plan for tomorrow,party tonite,and fckin party tonight
There was dead a party in the stockroom today. Niggas was riding cheeks with the sales and accessory girls lmfao , oh man .
Live for today,plan for tomorrow & PARTY TANYT!
I needed to get out of the house today, even though Kadyn was actin up at the party. She done wore herself out but still askin for cake smh.
Taking all the cash I earned today & buying prime rib and other fancy food and making dinner for 15 for NYE. Do I know how to party or what!
Today <<< just one day I'd like to cheese and not dwell, til then I'll drink and party til I drop!!!
hopefully im in better condition to party tomorrow.. today, not so good
Live for today... Plan for tomorrow...party tonite... Party tonite...!
“@BlowMeImDopee: The weekends here, started it rightt! Live for today Plan for tomorrow party tonight party tonight ayyyyy my isshh
We hosted a Community Skate today and it went very well.  Now off to a New Years Party.
I'm not going to a party today, I'm not going to one tomorrow.
olaa rosa... Ah time goes by so fast,.. 2011 will end today... Aw... I hope i've masquerade party as my newyear party :D
No party for me today . :( . . . Tomorrow shall be different tho .. >:D
Bought a party dress today(:
At a tattoo party with rea and I'm not even getting no tat today I'm sad lol
Today is when nikkas start to party
My dad's a party pooper. He took my PS3 & laptop yesterday, and he said he'd give it back today. He didn't give me crap back.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight...party tonight.
I wish parties today were like 'House Party'. That movie makes me so happy. All people do today is drink and smoke, like
Today was my father's birthday, a big one too! Had a little non-party with my folks tonight, wonderful.
I guess the party started today!
Can't believe today is the last day of 2011. Somehow this year just flew away! Looking 4ward to the countdown party tonite!
We hve a New Year Party in clge today... I hate parties!!
Not today. We're celebrating 2012 with a countdown party tonight. The next bazaar will be sometime Feb 2012
And while you party, I sit at home and stare at my computer screen until I get ready to fall asleep again for the third time today.
What will u do today? I hope u feel much better so u can njoy d nu yers evening! Hv u bought a new sexy dress for d party? (✿◠‿◠).*♥∗ƪ(◡‿◡)ʃ
Miss my two b's, glad I got to talk to them on the phone today!  Happy New Year's Eve everyone!!!  We are having a party tonight!!  WOO!
Quite since gift from iTunes 12 days of Christmas today. David guetta party mix :)
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight
Live for Today ; Plan For Tomoroo ; & Party Toniqht . .
I wish it was a party or something... I wanna go out today!
New york city today party tomorrow ya digg
Today is new year eve, i hope u enjoy it and have a lot of fun, im going to motocross and then Party!!!
Idunno what the fuck I wanna do tonight, that party today hmmm....
Proud I Managed To Get To East & Back Today. After the KOCO party last night. & Im Now sipping on a large Glass of Tia Maria
Live for today. Plan for tommorrow. Party tonight!
Grandmother woke me up at 8am asking me to open the gate for her-_-she bring me out for breakfast:) today she's going countdown party sia!
> 50's Strapless Taffeta Formal Gown Holiday Party Cocktail Dress Bridesmaid Prom Save Price with Promotion Today http://straplesspromdress
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight.
LIVE FOR TODAY, PLAN FOR TOMORROW & PARTY TONIGHT
I wont have a date to bring to the party today. Even my bffs ditched me. Sad fucking life.
Live for today , plan for tomorrow PARTY TONIGHT party tonight.
today my cuzzin bday and she having a 80's party tonight
I had fun w/ him today, had to let him go party w/ his homies
Hmm... and now go to sleep xD It's so late... >.< I'm sleepy. And today party!!! :3 Sleep well everyone! :) (@RinsakuY Now, like you... xD)
Woke up! but my sis wake up too lateee she still sleeping now haha, can't wait for decorate home today for tonight's party! :D
New years party today <3
Live for today . Plan for tommorrow . Party tonight .
Juss came from STARTERS with my aunt.. .Omw probably to my baby cousin bday party.. She turning 1 today..
In other news: 30 degrees in Melbourne today. Red vinyl pants look less and less like viable option for NYE party.
Had a tony the tiger GRRRREEEEAAAATTTT TIME wit my fam today for my lil cuz welcome home party! Cant wait till 2ma nite nye party!!!
Today is New Years Eve!! Party All Night!! =D i really hope 2012 is Better than 2011.. :)
NEWS YEARS PARTY TODAY :D WITH THE FAMILY AND FRIENDS :D GOING TO BE SO GOOD :D
Guys, remember my B-Day Party on December 24? Well... I DECIDED MY PARTY THEME ITS ANIMAL PARTY! TODAY NOW ON SLEET DOCK!
*smiles warmly at Nero when he comes down as well* There's a party today maybe~ *chuckles and grabs m phone, ordering food*
NEW YEARS PARTY TODAY
The weekend is here started it right even if I only get part of it right : live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight .
Its a birthday party too, my oldest brother he is 63yrs young today, with a lil early New Years Eve thrown in.
I party hard all week hope tat I can party today! ! Itz all bout bfw!!
Rest today then tomorrow, party my way into the new year :D
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight ...... party tonight .
Plan for today - breakfast, boat to Maya Bay to see where they filmed the beach. Find the Ozzie then party hard!!!!!
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight ✌
Run in today for your NYE party heels at James St today!! If you're lucky our fabulous Poppy will tell you what's in store for you in 2012!
New years eve today! Let the party begin! :D
life for today. plan for tomorrow. PARTY tonight.
Every white person I talk to today going to party in bham for new years
PARTY LIKE ITS THE END OF THE WORLD TODAY!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow Party tonight, party tonight !!!
Last day of 2011 , I'm gonna go party all night long in Singapore ! Yeahh ! Universal Studios for today ! Excited for Transformers Ride ! :D
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, Party tonightt.
today we had a family/friends party , my father's friend now has another grand daughter
The weekends here, started it right, even if I only get part of it right, live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight!
We live fa today plan for tomorrow party tonight party tonight!
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight!
Today was AMAZING. I went to an incredible 8yr old's birthday party, and did the girls' hair. Then hung out with my Jenica and Gabi<3
party today? yessir ;D lol
- Coulda went to the party today but moms trippin ` yoo .
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight!
Today is New Years eve....Let's going wild and party yeaaah... \m/
My nephew says today is December 29 bc it's his bday party ❤
Today is the last Friday of 2011 ..let's party ...
Today is my moms birthday. My siblings are setting up for her party & I'm on the couch sad..
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party toniiigghhtt
Today should be good; blues match+new years party:)
I have a 200 calorie allowance today. I'm going to try and burn off some before the party tonight!
Today's plan is, go grandlink after that Clark Quay then PARTY!!! :D
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight party tonight.
Going to have to go to a dinner party today w/ parents T_T
I think today is the day where I start planning my party, i'm booking my dj, my cousin (bouncer) just got here, shits fenna crack :D
In other news, good morning. Today's the last day of 2011, party hard like it's the last day of your life.
The weekends here started it right even if we dont get part of it right live for today,plan for tomorrow,party tonite party tonite
Jennifer party gone b the shit lowkey......lol guess I learned today.
Live For Today... .Plan For Tomorrow... .Party Tonight...
So exsighted for my bday party today!!!! XD
And the weekend here started it right, even if you only get part of it right Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight
I love spontaneity, but why don't my friends plan better? Four New Year's Eve party invites yesterday and today. How to pick the best one?
Lets party today..
got a white vneck today, I wanna go to my friends hotel party. but people play too much. I don't think I'm goin.
Later today is the new years party, i hope its fun for real. And if 1 of his amicas acts up...ima pullout the PG COUNTY on that ass!
had my birthday party today :D it was freakin amazing!!! <3
Hd fun at heather's welcome home party today
Live for today plan for tomorrow party tonight, part tonight
Live for Today , Plan for Tomorrow , PARTY Tonight !!
MY HEAD HURTS BAD BUT MY FRIEND PARTY IS TODAY
“@MSMEME618 I WANT TO THANK EVERYBODY WHO CAME TO MY GOD DAUGHTER KY PARTY..” tell her we beefing she did me wrong today
Omw out to eat :-)  then party party ! Today has been a very happy day !
live for today , plan for tomorrow , party tonight
I'm not in the mood for the party today...but its also so excited and my darlings will come so I dont know what to do:/....
RT "@Jen_Emiliana There was a house party at my house today & I weren't even in lool!" < yea my dad was there. no joke
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow, Party tonight party tonight (:
The weekends here started it right Even if ii only get part of it right Live for today, plan for tomorrow Party tonight, party tonight!!
Today I bought stuff for the party. I'm turning 18 soon and the party is next week! I'm stressssed! Give me chocolate covered gummy bears!(:
live for today, plan for tomorrow .party tonight, party tonight .
I stood in glass today at a party, my feet hurt now, doctor please anyone?
Scrubbed the fuck out of my house today. Lets party then bring out the for sale sign! Woot!
“@FUCKyoTweets__: My mom asked me was it a party today that i would like to attendd .. Umm noo”
My mom asked me was it a party today that i would like to attendd .. Umm noo
Sigh, no party today..
i feel like im the only person tht aint attend a party today, ohwell im outtttt tomorrow straight going in for the newyear(:
I miss Hawaii today. I need to plan a new year party there in the future
Today was like that movie Dazed&Confused. Ok it's not the last day of term & I'm old enough to party but I did beat the crap outta some kids
Live for today, Plan for tomorrow. Party tonight, Party tonight.
hope my cuzon  has a low profile bday party today
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, Party Tonight!... And tomorrow night!
Some punks invited me to a party today. All they did was sit down at a bench. Fuck that.
Not the greatest day at work today. But home to clean house now for New Years party!
Someone have a new years party with me later on today in the evening haha confusing I hope u know what I mean
«@CashGee live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight»
Well today it's the last day of 2011 so...have fun, love, laughs... and a PARTY :) X
