Oh don't start raining heavy now, we've got too many fireworks to set off tonight... Rain, rain, go away, come again another day!
Out & about again today, at least it's not raining. We're distributing new January copies & collecting (well read) old copies to b recycled!
So my mom cleaned my uggs and its raining again...i dont remember her telling me not to wear them
Aaaa!! Can't play again laaa,it's raining :(
Raining again..,raining all night long..:( Anyway, Happy New Year!!! It's an hour away from now in here..
I'm glad its raining again here in Surigao. Keep pouring rain! More rain, less firecrackers, better sleep for my baby.
This raining remain me again the memory 4 years ago when my daddy passed away,,,I always pray for you dad:-)
Ooooowwwwhhh no,now its raining again..
OH LOOK! It's raining again! No fucking suprise there.
Its raining once again:) .  -ShaBear:)
Its raining again
And its raining again, pffff =S
Is it seriously raining AGAIN!
U such a party pooper! It will stop!!! RT"@mashvixen: Raining again!!"
Looks like it is going to start Raining Again
Raining again today but still went out for a bike ride. Took in Auchinleck where my favourite turreted farmhouse is.
Again, raining kat sini =.=" Sometimes, I love the damp weather because it's cool and all, tapi kalau hari-hari... mak aiii~
It's not grim up North. The sun is shining. Oh hang on - it's raining again.
Back from walk round res again. Does it ever stop raining in the bloody place?
Ps. Thank God it isn't raining. Once again, the sky looks magnificent. If you're outside right now, go look!
It's raining outside! rain,rain,rain go away! come again another day
It's raining, raining again... ♪
wish it would stop raining so i can get on the river again
Again! Where the fuck did harmattan go and why is it raining in december?
Its raining again ☂
Put my umbrella down and it starts raining again fml.
Its´s raining again..
Once again its raining.
feeling better today thankfully!  I hate getting tummy bugs they really knock you for six.  I'd get some fresh air but it's raining again!
Ps it totally stopped raining, but it's started again
O ^O! IT'S RAINING AGAIN.
And it's raining again .
Its raining again dis year!
2012 miriss ☂ raining again !
It's raining again. :)
Once again its raining on New Years Eve...
oh great... it's raining... again :(
Batia, its raining :( Rain rain go away, come again another day
Arggg its raining again! Fuck this !
Wea r u??O_O "@iykeboss: It's Raining Again."
It's Raining Again.
It's raining once again in Wales. Off for a long walk before the festivities commence.
Why is it raining again?
ppl used to complain about everyday raining... now. there's drought, ppl will complain again. haiss. humans..
Good morning everybody   Just woke up!! Raining again!!
The sky isn't always blue. The rain doesn't always raining So it's okay to fall apart sometimes, but always remember to get up again"eburt
Unlikely I will see in the new year (again). Tucked up between Miss13 & Mr7 in the tent...oh and it's raining outside so no point going out.
its raining again. hmmm.
On my way to back to hotel, it's raining (AGAIN)
Aaargghhh it's raining again today in uyo area
ooohhh lovely its raining again. AGHHH
The snow dream is over, it is raining again. Lets take the last day of the year as it is...
On my way back to the crib. Hope it don't start raining again
oh no its raining again arghhh...!!!!
Good thing its not raining here again! Please Lord make the rain clouds go away! :)
Raining so heavily. And I'm having flu, again. Nap time is calling ms I guess.
just as we light sum fireworks it starts raining again. :(
Looks so miserable outside and it's raining again!
And again. It's raining here.
Raining again!!!!seriously?!?
raining hard...again...i cant even clearly see the mountain. its too foggy.
smh... it's raining again ...
It's raining again
i dnt think if enjoy ang new year.. it is raining ol over again.. hahaisst .. lakas mxadu. :(
It's raining again..how to celebrate new years eve now??$&@)
Its raining here...ugh, can't get up from my bed. Sleep again ciao!☂☂
It's raining again and again.. Huhuhu..hope this will stop before 12 pm so we could light our picolo hahaha.. Baratohon
It's raining.....again!!!
And now it's raining again!! Great!!
Its raining again Cebu. I'm too lazy to go the mall..
OH NO, IT'S RAINING AGAIN!
Good morning guys ! Gues what's happening outside ?!?! It's raining again :(( Oh Germany !
waaah... Its raining again...
Oh! Fuck! Its raining again!!!
Morning all shocking its raining in wales again my neibours are away so going to blast some tunes and clean house :-) i love cleaning :-)
Its raining again........
Its raining again -__-
its raining quite a bit, i hope brian's glasses dont fog up again
Just arrived in Ubud! We're literally in the jungle and it's raining! So beautiful and tranquil here. Ordered Mee Gorend for lunch again.
i see its raining. lemme try sleeping again
mehh its raining again....
Raining fall again and again ♡
oh my god!!it's raining again and i'm so bored!!! i don't even watch tv.. :(
It's raining hard again ~
It's raining again
Assist from D. Rose yet again! I love you, boi! Raining 3s for Bulls!!
It's raining again </3
raining again and nobody left a car for me to use today. slightly annoyed
It's raining again 
raining again,every day raining in malang :)
Happy New Year's eve! ... and it's raining again
There is a force against me washing my car , woke up again today but its raining and thundering :( :( another wait
its raining again
Its raining again -_-  .I CAN FEEL UR HEART TONIGHT<3HCR
it's raining again. I wonder what ms. sunshine is doing.. oh! i miss sunny days :((
okay..dis shxts raining again...dis island of stx mehson
I hope it is not raining in the am...I need to get up and go walking again...
It's raining. Again. And we are shooting exteriors. Joy.
Men! Its raining again fak!
I wish it would start raining again. Less guilt for laptop verandah time.  .Should be thinking up achievable new years resolutions.
Does it have to be raining...again
Why is it raining again.
Aaaaaaaaand it's raining again. Winter sucks this year.
Is it raining AGAIN :s
Still raining,,,better sleep again...
Its Raining..........(Again)
Its raining in Trivandrum again. :(
it's raining again!!!!!!!!!!1
Crap. I think it's raining. Don't wanna go out in the rain again.
Even when its raining i know the sun will shine again
It's raining again!!!! I want Melbourne weather :(
Now ... Family time and it's raining (again) -,- can't u let me enjoy outside activities rain ?? Why r u falling down again hah??
Oh no it's raining again.. :(
Its raining again. Fuuuuuu
its raining again damnit! =/
Raining in the last day of 2011 is a wonderful day for... Sleeping again!! Boss,can you just allow me for not come to office? :D
It's raining again ☂
It's raining....again...big surprise
Raining again? No surprise there.
of course its raining again:(
Todays lesson .If you put balloons on your mailbox and it starts raining don't try to lift them .Just got a face full of water lol never again
they loved the apples though grandson loved it , raining again this sucks
it’s raining again,  .tell me something i don’t know.  .this place can make you dizzy.
It's raining on my holiday but Russell Brand is single again. It's a bittersweet symphony, this life.
Its raining again and again☂
Good morning world,its still raining outside,hmmm it should be great if I'm going to sleep again,well sleep tight (again) everybody
Raining again, does not bode well for drunk people causing havoc in the parks and throwing up on beaches tonight...
Its raining again gosh.!!
Yay! It's raining again! ? good thing Im home na from a short visit to my sexy dentist msjaki_R :)
Jshdkjed raining again /:
Morning TList.. Its raining (again) here in the morning, let's sleeping again :))
Now it isn't raining. So idk if we are going ice skating again or Sweetwater lol. This is definitely Michigan weather for you!!!!!
Looks like our kids are hooked on geocaching - lots of requests over the last couple of days to go again! Shame it's been raining :o(
its raining again -__-
It's raining again *eyeroll*
i wish i had the option RT@sophieskarz4: The fact it hasn't stop raining today really makes me want to consider moving to California again
“@Nate8Taylored Its raining again fck”
It seems to be raining. Again. A lot.
Its raining again fck
Really hoping it isn't raining AGAIN tommorrow.
fuckkk its raining... again...
Never did it start raining again!
Got my hair done and raining like crazy! Hmmmm well home it will b again.
The fact it hasn't stop raining today really makes me want to consider moving to California again
I have mud on the shoulders of my singlet I wore last night. It was that muddy. And it's raining again. Even heavier today. Awesome.
It's NYE and it's raining. Again. I swear it's rained here for the last 4 years now.
Going to work sounds absolutely awful. It's raining. Again.
Its raining again. It makes me feeling melancholic but i dont want to listen to "Fields of gold" one more time
NEWSFLASH. It has started raining again. Sigh.
ugh its raining AGAIN
And its raining cause of what again
Good to see usual raining day again, London~. Exhausted with both sad and happy emotion:|
Here comes the rain again.. Raining in my head like a tragedy.. Tearing me apart like a new emotion..
And again why is it raining??? It's about to be January and it snowed all of two times... This rain is irritating
OH MY GOD! it´s gonna start raining again =/
Its raining in the moninggg..  (☉__☉") take a quilt and sleep again.. Zzzz
I gey sleepy when it os raining but right now we bout to go shopping again
Oh . It's just gonna start raining again after it was just clear & blue as hell out ? Ok ...
Its raining , I'm gonna go to bed again ahh ... cya ;)
I'm in the darkest but happiest mood I've ever been in. I wish it would start raining again...also, there are no second chances. Breathing.
Rain. Sun. Rain. Sun....now it's raining again smh what an interesting forecast we have today.
Oh and now it's raining again cool
Once again, it raining and slow jams is playing on the iPod. Why this happens idk lol
It's raining again. Only .37 inches away from being the wettest year on record in Detroit.
Uhh... I'm happy its raining but then again... I am not in the mood to be traveling right now.!
Nawa oh! We r back to d raining season, rain again today!!!
It's raining again. That just kinda sorta maybe really sucks.
I don't the weather ... One minute it's raining heavily, lightly and then heavily again.
it's raining... again
Been out to Banchory 0 deg C there, and sleet, raining now at home + 1 and early snow now melting. Aberdeen 3 seasons a day again!
now its raining again
Oh yay it's raining again, what a surprise :-):-):-)
Weird day today. Raining buckets this morning, sunny by noon and now raining again.
Here comes the rain again..Raining in my head like a tragedy..
just when i thought it had stopped raining........ it starts again
It's raining again!  C'mon it's summer!  The water tanks are full.  There is no good reason for this rain to continue!
It's raining again... Why it doesn't snow here?
Hello again London!.. Maniac drivers, raining, rammed with people, ignorant bus drivers.. Ive missed uuuu
End of wrk day n starts raining again...as long as im off lol
Oh its raining....again!!! :P
Well, tried to go outside again, but it started raining again.  Two points for effort, though, haha!!
It's raining again..
Gonna have to push the car again :( pls don't be raining..
It's raining again~
Damn its raining again
Raining again!! frack me
Good afternoon, headed to sleep once again. Hate the fact it's raining.
going out to find her... raining again. fuckinghelll.
Traffic in Chicago. Uggggh. And its raining..and I'm all alone. Grrrrrrrrrr. Never again
It's raining again, you know it's hard to pretend.. :)
Omg its raining again wtf
Yea...its RAINING again...
its raining again... how can be raining at this time of the year..? I mean at new years eve? ;(
But then again, it's raining and I'm warm...sooooooo
its raining again. :O
Ja and now it's raining again... WTF!!!
Or maybe I should've settled for a simple umbrella because it's raining today. & Yes, once again i'm as wet as a muppet. = A Wet Muppet. lol
Its quarter to 2am Zombie mode:PIts raining hard here sa Dumaguete again:((
hahahh our yard is flooded again. I'M GLAD ITS STILL RAINING IN DECEMBER.
it's raining again  '-'
is it really raining out there again. At least snow so that I don't have to go back to work again
Back from Chester..... it's raining again.
Fuck, I hope it doesn't start raining again so I can do this photo shoot.
Cool it's raining again
Oh look its raining again !!
I suddenly remembered what i always tweet when its raining ...... Nahhh . Im not doing it again .
its your heart. Its raining again.
Never borrowing mums shoes again because she moans there wet. My reply yes because it raining drr
Great food great company great party.. raining outside. Sitting in the car. Emo music playing. Alone again.
I want to get into my pyjamas and under a blanket, but as soon as it stops raining i have to go hunting for the cat again. :-(
Its raining again.. Sky ish crying...
Its raining again how nice
rain<3 i woke up and heard it at like 4 and now it's raining again(:
Today looks like it's gonna be a boring day also since it's raining AGAIN !
Late for work again AND it's raining and I forgot my umbrella. :(
anddddddd it's raining again -_-
It's Raining. Again.
Oh God, its raining cats and dogs again >.<
It's raining again. Perfect weather for sleep :) ♥
It's raining in December again. That's just gold.
ITS RAINING:(...AGAIN.
Okay its raining again.. Perfect -_-
Why is it raining again? :(.
Raining again great :-(
Outside raining again. ☔⚡
Nice bright pass of the ISS about now, no chance from London, it's raining again
But then again imite not go nowhere. Lolz its raining ..well drizzling
Is there snow there?......raining here again:(
About to enjoy my bed for the next couple of hours again because it's raining outside !
Is it raining, AGAIN? Enough is enough.
HORSHAM UPDATE: It's raining (again). The Annual Parade of the Unfortunates was a washout, so much wasted offal.
Once again... umm it's basically january why the fuck is it raining
It's Raining AGAIN...And AGAIN...And AGAIN. SMH :/ ..
“@PaulW1964: It's dark outside and raining again! When will it ever stop raining! This weather is so depressing.” I know right??!
It's Raining AGAIN...And AGAIN...And AGAIN. SMH :/
It's dark outside and raining again! When will it ever stop raining! This weather is so depressing.
Damn it it's raining again!!! JUST when I was gonna get outa bed n do somethn with my day!.... DAAAHHH well. *snuggles deeper into bed*
Oh look, it's raining! My decision to not leave the house again today is now justified.
Its raining AGAIN what a suprise!!!!!!
once again its raining, why the hell can't there be snow!
Don't understand why you would get your car washed when its raining.. It would just get dirty again!
Its raining . Make me sad again .
It's raining again:(
Mini golf in the rain (again!).  Why does it always start raining when we arrive??
Its raining. Again
Its raining again.
raining again @@ oh well i guess its time to sleep? haha
Why have my windscreen wipers stopped wrking again??? Arghhhhh its raining loads too :o( silly beetle x
Ugh it's raining again, why am surprised it's England
And once again it is raining <<<<<
raining again this morning. looks like most of snow will stay north across the border in wisconsin. 2011 2nd wettest year ever in chicago
Thought about going for a walk, saw it was raining, sat back down again.
Oh boy, it's fucking raining again for the  fourth Time this week.
it's raining again
Damn, it's raining... Again. Smh
The dog is depressed, raining again!!!
ITS RAINING... again. Would it kill you to throw in some snow, Mother Nature?
Wrapped myself up in thick scarf n' jacket, 'bin bagged' all the Xmas tat, stepped outside. Raining. Thought 'Nah'. Stepped back in again.
Raining might be in da house again
Raining today again, Xmas + New Year holidays virtually over, flown by
Hmm... It's still raining lots... I think I wanna go to the park again...
Raining again. Can't believe it hasn't snowed yet.
It's raining, yet, again... Huhuhuhu!
And it's raining again yayy :(
Few minutes of sunshine and raining again! However, not too cold!
It's raining again :(!!!! No!!!
God my tweets are fucking boring. "ooh shall I have a nap?", "I've just eaten lots of chocolate", "raining again".
Damn it! Its raining again
boreddddd:/ English homework:/  and it's raining. again.
Once again plan to go out n it Bloody starts Raining... Why Mee ☂
The rain stopped na right?? Why is it raining again? Di ba pwedeng tomorrow ka na lang bumalike like around 10AM siguro. Sheeeesh
Want Mc'Ds again but it's raining :'(
Bloody raining again
And it's raining again. I dun like it. It makes everything.. I dunno, gloomy.
I thought it was supposed to be nice again today and its raining..
it's raining again!
Raining again there's a novelty!
Tonight of all times, why is it raining again? It makes me look so pitiful.
Ooh look its raining, again.
so out again tonight, then out for new years tomorrow :D yayayay !!! except the fact its raining....
raining again river  close to flooding
Raining again why dosent that surprise me
Guess what its raining again... Typical english weather!
Nope on the zoo: raining again. Damn you, Lyon weather!
oh would you look at that, its raining.. again.
Well it is raining in the Lakes again!!!!!!
Bollocks forgot to pick up J again, whoops! Better finish me coffee first it's not raining that much!
and it's raining in Cebu again.
Oh yeah!!! I'm in Lewi now!!! Fuck yeah.!! And it's raining on me yet again. Is this life that's the question I ask my self wet -__-
Mildly concerned that it seems to be raining inside my flat again.
Raining again will it ever stop
raining, again and again~
Ooh, its raining again in Indy.  Let us know if you have any drippy-drips... Indianapolis' best drippy-drip fixers!
It's raining again :l
It's raining again. What a cold night
Raining again. It's like the world doesn't want me to start running again before new year. I need contacts before I can run in the rain.
dafuq! it's raining again :[
It raining again on my birthday
it's raining again.. :)
ir's raining again :(
it`s raining again ! --> go away pls...
Apparently I'm not allowed to visit my mum again. It's my fault it's raining. I hardly doubt that, this is Wales for god sake!!
Oh look. It's raining. Again.
It's raining hard in Cebu again. :(
Funny weather again today raining/ freezing cold, then dry no breeze
Yet again its raining
its raining ... again -_-
It's no surprise but it's raining here again. I think it rains more here than it does in Seattle. Go figure.
as per usual it is once again raining in Scotland... can we please maybe have some sunshine for ONE day?
Raining again ☂☺ but, I'm always waiting snow in Indonesia ☃☺
it's raining again ~
Raining again ☂☺ but, I always waiting snow in Indonesia ☃☺
It's been raining and a bit windy here again,sigh...I wish it was summer again, warm and sunny! Going to watch cheesy 80's music videos now!
And once again the moment I leave work, it starts raining. That's 3 days in a row now...Maybe it's me?
I still remember when I was 5 or 6, when it was raining, I was in my dad's car singing "Rain rain go away" again and again x) haha.
Raining Again good old english weather!!!!
Oh it's raining again. Missed my twitter page!
It's raining again !! How fabbydabby
When the blizzard happened it was so quiet it was scary I'm looking for it to be like that again...but it wass raining
Raining again :( stupid british weather
Going to the park again to TRY and take some photos, considering it's raining probably wont turn out so good.
Its raining........whats this weather better for again????? Sleep or sex????
Raining Again..........Whats wrong with you Scotland ! x
its raining....again!!! :(
Not long before I leave for work and it starts raining AGAIN!
Good afternoon, all followers! It is raining, again. Typical British weather. My wife wants some snow. We haven't had any yet, here.
it´s raining again.. gooood! i want snow!
Raining again in lovely cumbria ☔☔☔☔☔☔☔☔☔☔☔☔
It's raining and not snowing again...
So its raining and I look like a tramp once again. Modelling the drowned rat look as norm.
Once again I cannot be arsed going into town because it's raining
raining again in Leeds..... at least no snow.... although so fancied sledging! kid i am
It is raining today :( The temperature is 5 degrees outside but the real feel is -2!!! Cold again!!!!! :-(
Argh! Thought it was snowing but its just fucking raining again.
Its raining again .
I can't believe its raining again!
IT's raining again here!..
raining again will cut some leather in a bit
its raining..... again urghhh :(
Aaaaaggghh! It is raining again ☂
Soooo it's raining again in Chicago. What gives? Where's the snow?
Wife ill again. Stuck in front of the computer :( . .Oh look, it's raining too. Grrr
Wigton raining again roll on sri lanka trip need some sun.
Random: Butler won, ND lost, kids went home :(, it is raining again,half the Christmas lights are out, but best Christmas ever!
I see it's raining again what a surprise.
Yeah! It's Still Raining! I Love the rain! I never want to see the sun again! (Wondering if reverse psychology will work?)
Raining again in dublin,this must be the 2nd month its done nothing but poxy rain,and they say were running out of water ??????
It's raining in yorkshire.....again!!!
And its raining again :(
What a suprise its raining again!!
Tonight of all times, why is it raining again. It makes me look so pitiful
Stupid Irish weather! It's raining again today!
Out at Slapton sands today.. Raining again but warm. Walking on the beach.
Its raining again. Yeah! Loving the weather
Surprise surprise its raining once again in Plymouth!
Wake up and it's raining again !!
It's raining. Again..
It's raining again. . .
Yuck, raining again, I forsee a soggy me & Harry later on!!
Aw fuck off its raining. Again. Why do I need to live in Scotland?!!!?!
Oh yeah and its raining again....
Hope everyone is okay today :D  Its raining outside, so i am going to have a lazy day, again :') <3
ok the winds dropped to 12 mph, its stopped raining, it must b summer & time to get the bike out again after 2 weeks! of gales & rain.
Was going go to shop, then it started raining so did some cleaning and now sat with a cuppa, bet when I start to get ready again it rains!!
It's raining again...
cant believe it raining again in blackpool
Morning everyone! It's raining again.
It's raining again, hopefully it will continue to do so
I thought Poole was supposed to be the English Riviera...it's bloody raining again. Maybe a Bloody Mary at lunchtime will make it stop?
It was the first snow this winter. It was only 10 minutes((( And now it`s raining(((( again((( Happy New Year((((
Morniiinnn'!!! :D Again, it's raining. Therefore, again, I'm depressed!
It's raining......AGAIN.
"@oeybobby: raining again...again...again...and again..... I hate this!"
Well it's bloody raining again, kids are rowing, what to do?
Raining. Again and again.
ugh its raining again I hate this weather
worst EB..power cut again..cant resist..huuuuuhh..likes to go to marina beech but its raining stil..sure..will go within evening..i luv it
again, it's raining. hmmm.
raining again...again...again...and again..... I hate this!
It's Raining Again !!!!!!
don't be raining again, pleaseee -___-
Think I better go mountain biking before it starts raining again
Guess what, it's raining again.
and look at that - raining again!
Raining heavily again :( Hardly just 1 hr back it stopped and again started.
Its raining in here again!
Its raining again!! :/
Good morning. The weather is bad again. Raining... I wish we would have snow. ;__;
Its raining.. AGAIN
And it's raining again :(
Its raining again :(...hungry
raining again its been like this for the week. :(
Raining again we best be doing something today or else
Oh, its raining again ..
It's RAINING again. .
Don't wanna get up from bed. It's raining again.
Okay. It's raining again :)
Raining again ,start back at gym lets pump that body n get big 4 summer :)
Raining yet again
Raining again. Flood *sigh
Raining here..aftr ths,wanna go times square shoppng again..~~~
Raining yet again.
It's raining again.
Eh raining... Time to nap. Tonight hard core again. Next week no chance to hardcore anymore T_T
it's raining again...
It's the last friday of the mth once again! ...tht means we are rockin at the Heroes, Waterlooville 2nite AND it's gonna be raining!! :-)
Why the hell is it raining in Manila? Today of all days. Thank you for the wet welcome. Hello again, MNL! :)
OhEm. It's raining again and again. -__-" So gloomy.
It's raining!!!!! I hope the power doesn't go out again lol :c
And... It's raining again.
Woah!!! It's raining AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!
It's raining again...ugh.
It's raining again.  Just when I'm getting ready to leave.  Always.  Always.  Always.  Tsk.
its raining again..huuu..feel like wanna snuggle bck into bed n sleep again...hehehehe
Its raining outside again
See ya! it's raining again :/
Goal Goal! Goals are raining. Dan Ito scores again. LH MMC 4-1 Mitra Milan. 40 min
Wow! It's raining again ☺
IT'S RAINING?? IN DECEMBER? :D I like everything again.
Its raining again wow...Allah's mercy.
It's raining cats and dogs in DP again.
So. ...its that time of year again. ...and Its. .....raining. ...wtf
Again raining~ no wonder I'm so damn sleepy
Brooke said that it's raining because someone died, I remember that night.. sugar called me, it was raining and tonight, it's raining again.
chillin at home since its raining hardcore!... but happy to be in contact with holly again :)
The weather websites say that it won't be raining on New Year's eve. We can  almost all the outdoor parties breathing again! :)
Hahaha, when it's raining all day, we complain and complain. But when it's sunny and hot, we complain again. Never satisfied.
is it reallly raining again..
And it's raining AGAIN. >.<
WaHhh.. Raining again! I'll go back nlng to bed.. Hihihi :D
It's raining again! Ano ba to?
its raining...again..-_-
It's raining again! (or maybe I'm crazy).  26°C and a lot of stupid ants with wings!
Ooh it's raining again ... welcome to the wet coast.
What is with this weather??? It's raining again !
Its raining again.. .__.
damn its raining again.
Raining...again today in Chennai, practice looking doubtful
I think it actually stopped raining for five minutes today. It's pouring again now, of course. Oh yes.
fuck the snow let me know when it starts raining again..
it's raining..again.
So one street its raining one street its not the next street yooo its fuggin raining again! This weather is crazy
Surprise surprise its raining again.
It's raining. Again. But not to heavy.
It's Raining .. Again.
Wow, it's raining again. Hoho.
I need to check the letterbox again but it's been raining for hours. I hope it's not this crappy tomorrow or New Years Day!
Just washed my car and it starts raining again : ¡
Wow its raining again!LOL:)
It's raining.. again. --'
Oh I think it's raining again, great
it's raining so much right now. wow. and now i want to watch ballet again.
it's raining again outside. hope it ends before morning, cause someone didn't remember to take her umbrella from mom's place :D
And it's raining...again
It's raining again☺
*sigh* it's raining again!!!! so much for an adventure trip at the new year eve.. hmm~~
Is it raining AGAIN?!
it's raining again..
What a supprise, its raining again !!!
Hey! Its raining... again... or is that still?
Its raining again.... ☔☁☔☁☔
77F and it`s raining once again..Have a great morning everyone.=)
Its raining, now its snowing, now its raining again, now its windy, now more rain? Oh wait I forgot, I'm in the car wash.
Hay, it's raining once again, once more.
It's raining and storming again!! I'd like to go somewhere where the sun shines!  I'm fed up this weather!! :#
Shes bi-polar just like florida.. It rains for 5 mins.. Then stops then 10 mins later its raining again ! Smh
Mornin' friends # It's raining again (Supertramp)
it's raining again :/
Need to think of something to entertain the kids tomorrow - I am fast out of ideas and it'll be raining again.....
typical raining again tommorow
Ofcourse its raining again
Raining again in Manchester.....
Lay so it was just raining like 10min then turned into snow like 5min ago now it's raining again  fucking ayeeee
It's raining! again. // Es regnet! noch mal.
It's raining again... :P
oh shit. its raining again.. >.<
It is raining again here... Don't love it ...!!
It's raining again and there are puddles in the landslip. *abitconcerned*
Sooo .. It just kinda stops raining when I come out , and then starts again when I get under cover .. Lulz I always knew I was Buddha.
2257 Why is it raining again?
Ewwwwww it's raining and cold today. I could have gotten some of that in the ATL...once again....why am I here?
It's raining again... T_T  Where's my white winter?
It's been raining! Wet outside again
Awake (again) and raining (again)....
It's raining in Belgium. AGAIN
Its raining... Again.
Why does it have to start raining again when I walk to the shop -_-
Raining now, monsoon style. Feel like a child again. Got to play indoors. Just have to stop myself turning the computer on.
Yay! Happy. Went to the pub for beer, and it poured with rain whilst in said pub. Walked home, got in the door, and now it's raining again!
It's raining again. :')
Its raining again :S
That long ass drive to jackson. I'd do it again, It was worth it ! & then it pours down raining when I leave. Btw downtown jackson is wack
aaaaaand its raining again.
Raining again, what a surprise!
And it's raining again, A LOT!!!!
Ohhhh it's raining again, now that's a surprise!
its raining again...wld u rather it rained all day, or snowed??
I'm on the bank it's absolutely packed got into a corner swim tucked away raining buy happy to be out again will let you know!
YES it's raining again
Strange, its raining...again.
slybeer Oh my gosh...no worries! I understand! Especially with it raining. Thanks again for the drinMPh
It's raining! Hope I don't leave my umbrella at the pub again...
I just watched Fincher's TGWTDT and really enjoyed it. Looking forward to watching it again on DVD, when its raining&with a nice hot cuppa.
Flurries now but next week itll be in the 50s again raining when it should be snow
yep. and its raining again -
And it's raining.. again..
feeling the breezing air of my room in Batu. And now its raining again brrrr
Ahh mennn, Raining again. Now I can't go running.. Boohoo. (hehehe..)
yuk that it is raining again =( I hope the weather improves tomorrow please?!
It's raining again !
Seriously the weather needs to make up its mind one minute its raining then next its windy next its calm next its raining again...
Raining again and again
Raining again? Seriously? Wth.
Oh it's raining again to get me a good night sleep.
Gosh! It's raining again...
Årh, i'm going carrot.. it's raining again.. I wanna suuuuuuuuuuuuuuun! :D :D xx
It's raining again. :( stop raining na please. Too much flood is not nice to see. :'(
It's raining again. Such a cold night. :D
Oh what a surprise it's raining again
Raining again - moby <3
It's raining again :( hmmm, this makes me want to stay in.
So I'ma recorad "Its Raining Again" right now.....Let's Begin.
raining hard here again.... yay lucky~!! didnt follow my mum out :P
it's raining again..tsk!..tsk!..
It's raining again :(
And its raining again.....
and its raining again here in dungun.
Oh honey, it's raining again!
Raining again here, hope there is less lighting tonight. Yesterday it was scary!!!!
And it is raining again :/
Guess what? The suns out. Oh oh no it isn't its gone again raining windy again.
It's raining again......
I need to go home before its starts raining again.
Its raining again,gotta love british weather!
ohh shit! what has happened to weather? it's snowing, then it's raining, then it's snowing again and so on :O
t's raining again. :/
aaaaaaand it's raining again
its raining and my piano teacher is yet again not answering her door
Moby - Raining Again. Just amazing.
it's raining... again. So nothing new.
I'm gonna rain on your parade, no I won't take it again, and I'll keep raining raining raining over you
It´s raining again
HOME BOUND,.. raining,... again! >_<
raining.. again! I'm certainly gonna have a very sweet sleep! Woooo ^,^
Its raining again :) I love nights like these.
....nevermind. It's raining again, that's a good sign right?
Dartmoor Weather update. Cold at 6 degrees plus a wind chill. And it's raining again.
WTF,its raining again...
It's Raining again!!!
oh god its raining again --"
Raining hard again <":
It's fricken' raining! Not snowing here in 801, but raining! What month is it again? Smh
Oh it's raining.. again.. It's not like it has been raining all year.... Not at all...
its raining again .... dryness
Back in devon yet again and its still raining!!
Raining hard once again.
Hello all it's raining again Ho well
Ow c'mon its raining again.. sheytmeyt
OMG!!!! it's raining again, it was sunny like a second ago .___. wth is wrong today? .____.
It's raining hard again!
Why are all the shopping places so busy again? And its raining and i've come out in Toms and t shirt! Not good
and it's raining again.. :/
It's raining again ♪ --"
It was raining, then it was sunny, then it was sleet and now rain again.. Weather  .make up your mind!
And it's raining again -______- I'm feeling Cold. Perfectly relates to how I'm feeling ---- COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD! D:
ohno its raining again
Raining again wow
Once again its raining in Port-Harcourt
Raining again and  Lurrvee it :) Going to sleep in a bit xx
Damn! It's raining hard again. :(
Raining once again
Its raining again :)
It's raining again ☂☹☂
Raining again. Someone give me a hug!
Damn wtf is raining again , ! Way to ruin my plans
Its raining again, hey ho
It's raining.. AGAIN!! Where in hell is the snow?
There is no coffee at work and it's raining again. My afternoon is going to be torture! :-/
im doing things, and im doing these for purpose.  . .its raining, once again.
What a change it is raining again
in manc its gone dark and is raining again
//.... My face is raining again.
Going to town... Raining .. Again
Its raining again! Whaaaaaa! I hope its not raining in my training ground! :[[[[[[
It's raining? Oh hello again England
Its raining again in Polokwane eish!!
It's raining again.   ☂
It's raining again! Are the skies washing away the last of 2011, which appears to have been a really tough year for most?
Its raining and I'm home alone- perfect time to do some revision, or reading for school- But what do I choose to do?... Watch a film, again,
it's raining again.
bad.. It's raining again.. The connection always failed.. Damn u dsL >< why always failed when there's a rain? Tsk. ZzZz
Its raining again n no dstv signal...MXM!!!
I'm staring out of my window, And the rain is pouring down. Raining again!
Raining again, feels sleepy now...
Oh well, gtg out ! It's raining again, but gotta check out that I still can't melt. Back soon~
Oh !! It's raining again . .I hate it ..
First, it's sunny. Then it's raining, Then it's just dark. Now it's sunny again..
and its raining again!
Bollocks its raining again & I gotta pop out, would forget my head if it wasnt attached
Ugh! Its raining again.
wee. an lameeg. its raining again(: i miss the rain:D
Driving lesson in 20 mins time. Hmmm raining again :/
Thought today that Id walk to work, said bye to everyone, opened front door and saw it was raining so I slammed the door shut again Fuckthat
haist. raining AGAIN! when will you stop?
ugh. raining again.
Raining again - when will I be able to mow the lawn (: tired of rain now.
Oh no, raining again. :(
Oh yay! It's raining again, stupid welsh weather!!:/
Its raining, again
Here comes the rain again. .Raining in my head like a tragedy,  .tearing me apart like a new emotion.
fair again tonight if it stops raining!
It's raining again :/
meeeeeeen its raining again ...
ugh, it's raining. again. i wish it was summer!
Its Raining again!!!!
it's raining again...
its already raining here again at cebu... .ano ba yan..... lage nlng...!!!!
What kind of monsoon now? It's raining again.
OMFG? Its Raining, Again.
It's raining. Again.
its raining again! :|
it`s raining again
RT"@ArdeliaChance : Raining again? -_-"
The weather is fucked up again. Less than an hour ago the sun was shining and now it's all dark outside & raining. Woop-dee-doo.
Today in helensburgh. It is raining. Again.
And it's raining again --'
its raining again as usual
raining in manchester again, what a surprise
And it is raining again!
And its raining again.
"Oh no it's raining..." "Oooh look's like it's gonna be a nice day!" "Is it raining again?". Am I ever going to learn what Scotland is like?
Guess what. Its raining again. Arrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!
morning why is it raining again !
Ecck!! It's raining again 
It's raining in Manchester again! Still, we can carry on hibernating: good films, chcolate, mulled wine etc.
:/ its raining again
Its raining again and I was just going to take the dogs out, they won't go out in the rain
Good morning, wow its raining again! >.<
No way... Raining again?
I've put bloody pumps on again. And it's bloody raining.
tt is raining again
Oh no going ice skating later and it's raining again :(
my bed is a bit humid as it's raining outside, but I don't care. It's warm and cozy and I'm never going to leave my blanket fort ever again.
All long day been raining, remains me of me once again, I mean come on I tried a lot to forget bout him, but i just can't do it
Its raining again. London is feeling me. Seriously.... ☹
And again, I'm alone and it's raining.
Raining all over again {}
Raining again oh well think I will brave the shops 2day !!!
@ Sogod. It's raining again. :{
it's raining again:/
So, it's raining again in Venda. It doesn't matter, the parties gotta go on.
It's raining (again)
Dayum, its raining again -_-
Yeah! It's Still Raining! I Love the .rain! I never want to see the sun .again! — in Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Yeah! It's Still Raining! I Love the .rain! I never want to see the sun .again!
Oh joy, it's raining again.
It's raining... Again... It's raining like almost everyday now /:
Earlier rain had stopped but it's raining again :'(
It's raining again ♡
Raining again can't wait for summer :-)
Raining again...thnks God,n it's tme for me to tke a nap...\*^o^*/
I have that weird feeling again... I wish it was raining.
Raining☂ and I just wake up (again)
And again its raining. Still wondering why people like it, all you can get are nothing but wet, bad hair, and ruin plans!!
raining at noon again
it's raining again! happy happy!
Typical no gazette rounds last week & no rain, rounds start again today its raining !!!!
And once again its raining ass and tities with my cousins! Bahahha!
In subic again and it's raining! :|
it's raining, and raining, and raining again. when it will stop?
So its raining again and its raining harder today good job I'm not going out today :-)
It's raining yet again. :'(
ouch raining it's begining again.,Ok playnow jessie j price tag!singing it,,:-))
it's raining again ..
And it's raining again. This is record breaking. All the tanners (people who tan) of sg must be dying from depression now.
and now, it's raining again.
It's raining again. Arghh!
It's raining again. I've got the urge to run into the rain.
This is retarded. I wanna print and its raining again. FML
It's Raining again :/
Oh my!! Raining again....
damn. it's raining again... My Plans are ruined :|
It's raining again. Zzzz
it's raining again. the stuff in my worksheet confuses me. deciding on what i should do tomorrow stresses me. a freakin' zit. eew. chos.
Raining again sigh* ==
It's raining, AGAIN.
Da hell. Ask Adele come now and set fire to the rain lol. It's raining again.
Kuching is farkin' raining again.
Raining like a bitch here again! I wonder if the cockroaches will come out ;)
sheesh, raining again.
Cold, dark and raining, why do I go running again?
And it's raining. Apaz there's a cyclone. FUCK YOU CYCLONE I'M GETTING PALE AGAIN.
What's happening now?? Nothing new its raining again
It's raining again.  it's so dark outside.
It's raining. AGAIN.
Its raining again ... best to sleep Zzz
It's quiet after the storm but raining again...where's the snow?! :(
yyy start raining nowww?? i dun like. have to close windows again.
Its raining again. Weather is really unpredictable..
stopped raining again and the covers are being taken off again. ND will need 82 off 11overs
well its raining again and again and again here at samarahan
It starts raining again.........hmmmmmm guess hav 2 wait for it to ease down a bit!
And it's raining again °\(^▿^)/°
It's. Raining. Again.
Uh-oh. It's raining again. I suddenly miss the feeling of wearing a rain coat. :D
why is it raining again? i thought it had stopped for the rest of summer:(
it's raining again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice its raining again ....its realy a good climate out here
It's raining again! Gee Mackay, what are you the tropics or something?'
Ugh...raining everywhere AGAIN! FFS...again!
Huh... .It's raining  .Maybe I'm crying again... .Hey U hear me? My heart Rainy heart... . .KyuSaeng"SS501
damn its raining n i have 2 mis class again....
Wow! Raining again....
Its raining AGAIN -___-"
showering ,  lunch ,  go school , 7:50 stream!! yeah!!   .PLS DONT RAINING AGAIN..o(╯□╰)o
Oh, and it's raining again. Light on your car light, bullets on tin. Oh, and it's raining again. Open the door and pulling me in (Moby)
it's raining again~
Raining again ... chance of cricket, zilch, chance of having to be stuck home with family... too high.
"@IrdinaAmalin: Ahhh raining again :))) love it!"
Ahhh raining again :))) love it!
great, it's raining again..
It's raining again!
Gosh, it's raining again! And I'm not out of the house yet! I need to go to 2 schools today..owh, c'mon!..please rain, go away..
Yaaayyy!! n its raining again :D
Omg why its raining again :(
It's raining again. Ugh
Raining in tacoma again ...no love
It´s raining again!!
Its raining again. :)
ohhhh :O Its raining AGAIN ¬¬ :)
It's raining is pouring, twitter is boring, once again, I'm off to bed, I'll see you all in the morn0np
But den again I return to flw wendsday an I definately wnt hve time for twitter (If it ain't raining we ain't training )
I wish I was at that Green Day concert where it started raining right when Billie sang 'Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars.'
AND it's started raining again so no chance of seeing the lights tonight. *gives up, goes to bed* Oíche mhaith agaibh
Well would you look at that - it's raining again .
Going to hit the slopes again at 4 o'clock. And its raining/hailing.
Rain rain go away come again another day. Siriusly, leave. Theres nothing to do on the boat when its raining
I'm home. Raining like crazy again!
My eyes are raining again......bc Blake asked the majic question "what's wrong"
Never mind. It's raining again.
Oh what do u know. It's raining again ☔ only in seattle
Oh joy, it's raining again! Well off to get my slippers & a blanket to be warm & cozy.
surprise its raining again
Omfg. All the snow melted again. It's been raining all day. hjukajhsgwjuikajxnhjsuik
its raining soo hard out... again.
Raining again !? But It's sunny in the morning :(
> to the window: raining. again. She loved to be out in the rain but work is work & it won't be done without her. After all (@JustxAngie) >>
it is raining again :/
when is it raining again?
Well F#$k me, it's raining again
Its raining again ?
Watching "Born This Way" and the Warblers just left. It's raining on my face again. But now I gotta get my Sunset Boulevard on!!
Oh FFS it is raining again. Manchester, sort it out.
I think my father is going through a mid-life crisis again...everyday he wants to go play basketball outside with me, and its raining betch
Its raining again:\ at least it didn't rain in the fucking morning. So it could rain all afternoon. just not when I going to drive#nuffsaid
Just drove back to Ebbw Vale, it's raining yet again. I am starting to think this is not a coincidence and there's a never-ending raincloud
Wish is was raining again
Raining.........again, coincidence? Oh no, this is england for god's sake
Raining again! Wet Festive season! Hope it keeps  crackers out of the neighbourhood. .
Raining...again...good old irish weather.
So it's raining again... Is this the substitute for snow?? I'm  confused...
it's fucking raining  again
Why the fuck is it raining again
Rain, its raining again..
Sometimes I think I don't like the snow, until it starts raining again.
I hope it doesn't start raining again.
It's raining again otl
; why is it raining again ? ..
Going to sleep now :) raining again now here ><
It's raining again :/ when will it stop raining?
it's raining again! anyone wanna cuddle? no? k forever alone bah.
It's raining,a part of me is missing you again.
Raining again!! -_- it can make me hard to sleep
it's raining again. it's a very cold kuching these few days. for my friends who's going for NS, treasure the moment. :)
Finally home &its raining again,meh. Goodnight world (:
Not feelin it today & its raining once again smh
wanna go out but its raining again
I should get my car washed today ! ....but when does it plan on raining  again ???
Raining again...Damn!
Of course. I get all set up again and it starts raining in my damn tools again!
I wonder how long till its stops snowing and starts raining again, realtalk
absolutely gutted that it's raining, was really looking forward to going on bike with my dad again :(
Is it raining again?
Its raining, its hot, its windy, its cold... Its hot again, now its cloudy.... Oh how I love thee PE!
The change in temp is no help here.. One min the sun in beaming the next its raining with wind for 10 mins an here comes the sun again
What perfect time to get back from cinema it's just started raining again
it's raining again.. hallelujah it's raining again.. Amen
It stared raining again.. Are you fucking with me.
nyc again today! :) thank god it's not raining!
Raining in winter season, this is weird God, take ur drops up again.
it's raining, *again*
Start raining again...
Stupid weather it's raining again
Fuck its raining again!!!!!!!!#shittyweather
Guess wot everybody...its fucking RAINING in Scotland....AGAIN!!!!!
Here in Plymouth the sun is shini- oops beg pardon, it's raining again.
Aaaand it's raining again. Wth, where is the snow!?!?
It's raining again щ(ºДºщ)
Okay bored again its raining my picture is washed of the wall sound make no tall
Here comes the rain again....raining in my head like a tragedy.
Ere of course, nt raining anymore sha  "@Odunlina: Rain in whch country? "@RetardedWanker: Ope O! Rain no nid 2 wash car again ┐('⌣'┐) (┌
And it's raining. Again.
It's finally raining here again!let the water come and cool us down again!
It's raining again >>> Oisterwijk
really, i miss you. i miss those moment. but you've change guys. i can't see you as my best coworker..ah..its raining again. i miss you.
It's raining again!!
omg here we go with the raining diamonds on my timeline again ahahah :L
And, it's raining again.. Staring at laptop.. Start yawning.. Hashh.. So sleepy..
Its raining again in Limpopo, I love it!!!!!
It better not be raining again... its not even April yet...
Its raining again!!!!
And ... It is raining. Again.
ugh, raining again. joyyy.
Its raining again!
Me: can I put on some laundry or are u gonna freak out again? Mum: NO! YOU'RE NOT!! IT'S RAINING! Me: freak out it is then -_-
Yay it's raining again :D What fun
Back in the North, looks quite sunny.. Then again not even hit Wigan yet.. I bet its raining in Burnley!
Hello good evening to everyone!!!its raining and snowing again in Korea!!!
HELL NO ITS RAINING AGAIN DAYUUMMM
FUCK ITS RAINING AGAIN
Raining again. Oh gosh, why can't it just snow!
Wtf why is it raining again
Oh no...it's raining in Port Moresby again...this is really dampening my hopes for a great New Year celebration!
It's raining again. :o
And it's raining heavily....again.
Gosh, its raining again. Seriously?
In Cardiff yet again, and its raining yet again
it's raining again.. raining & flooding at Sarawak.. fortunately, there was only small flood occurred in my area..
raining so hard again!!!
it's raining again. but damn heavy this time
it's raining, again.
Am I seeing things ? It's raining again !!!
It's raining out there, and again I feel homesick. .Hey Cigaret where are you? Where are you enemy buddy? Come here I wana burn you..
what, for real, dude go check if it's raining :o I think I wanna stand outside again :o
Urgh it's raining AGAIN!
raining again? fuuuuuuuq
Raining in Devon............ Again!  Ads Out for a run..... I'll keep the home fires burning - such a trooper lol
Its raining again.. So much rain lately here in Samarinda
Raining..raining...raining again n again .. so cold. I need you
Its raining heavily again since the last time
Ooo ... raining again??? :( .i can't going out if still raining
it's raining & I got the sniffles again :(
It's raining again :)
Life in SOC, the weather play with your feelings, not ppl, look its raining. And its stop again. -_-
Started raining again -_-
Its raining again ......
It's raining again .
stuck at home again. raining. Zzz
Ohh god it's raining again
It's raining yet again. I didn't bring an umbrella yet again. I haven't learn my lesson still huh.
Raining again...headache...
Back to big winds again - puts you on edge day after day of blowing and raining.  No two wheeled or ski stuff so back to being a runner
Morning all - had a lie in today - looks said it has been raining again in#NDevon
Hemmm it's raining *again...
When we met up that one day when it was raining, I wish I could've replayed it again, piggy back rides in the rain and everything.
Gosh its raining again!! *yawn*
i was singing 5minutes ago, then its raining again. -_____- i guess my voice sounds like crazy FROG
Its raining . Again and again !
Bogor's raining again... Enjoying a cup of coffee is a Great Idea!
Raining & Pouring & Carlos has had enough snoring - off to Gateway again to do what he does best
yipee it's raining again in Mombasa!  as long as it goes away before the new years beach party I will be happy!
Raining and raining and raining and raining again :/
yet again.... Raining so heavily.
Bipolar weather. Yesterday, it was raining like crazy . now the scorching heat of the sun makes it feel like summer again.
i wish it were raining again. Then maybe I'd go to sleep.
raining again...so peaceful
It's raining at here again. Luckily back to hotel. Need to get some rest :)
It's raining again. What's with the weather. Fuck -_-
It's raining again.....
Weather's gone haywire. Just when I thought today's appropriate enough to do the laundry, it's raining.. Again. Ugh much?
Urgh damn annoyed. Stepped on mud and the shoes I just cleaned yesterday are dirty again! And also, it is raining and im stranded here
It's raining again. Sigh...
It's Raining Again - Supertramp
It's raining again. Other country is snowing but Singapore is raining:/
Raining..raining go away.. Come again another day
I kinda want it to start raining again. It barely has this winter... :/
it's raining in singapore again.. B2uties take care!^^ or you will fall sick like me:(
Why is it raining again?! :(
Just when I thought that I'm feeling better, my heart is aching again...and my world's raining
Den its raining again.. Ha! The guy stand so close beside me.. Wth..
It's raining. Makes me wanna continue my sleep. AGAIN.
Is it raining again?!?!?!?
Once a again it's raining, gonna work in the rain after lunch break
Damn it's raining again..
Raining again in naga but the plane is here. So, yey!
"Merde" the best word of all spoken languages, try it  Merde she's lovely. Merde, it's raining again. I love to eat, merde I'm stuffed...
its raining again. :)
It's freezing in Moscow. Oh, no, it's raining. Nope, freezing again. Oh, wait... raining.  .HAPPY  NEW  YEAR,  GUYS!!
Its raining again ~~~
It's raining, again 
and its raining outside again holy shit
raining again. boring sia here. no smokers one ah.
Are you serious? It's raining again? Now the snow's going to disappear! Where is this Canadian winter?
It starts raining again in Bali...  :(
It's raining..again. What another surprise
its raining again. argh!
its raining again.
Good morning peeps,It's dark again this morning so can only say it's raining in Manchester:( Off to work soon as my computer turns off.
it's raining again, means Pipin oppa is here with me :') i wonder why i still can't forget him?
On December 3rd, he asked me what day it was. "Its December 3rd" A week later we spoke again. "Its raining" "Yeah"
And it's raining again...
It's raining again outside. ☔
Ooh it is raining again.
Its raining again. Welcome back Portland.
its raining again..:(
It's raining again in Oxley town. It's quite loud inside so I can only imagine how heavy it is. And hot. I love you air conditioning.
Its raining randomly, again. °•.°•.°•.°•.°•.°•.°•.°•.°•.
It's raining... Again.
Omg! Raining again!!!! Oh snap my hair :(
So it started raining...then ended snowing...then started raining again.
it hasn't snowed since October, it's raining heavy in December, people losing power again , its almost 2012, sounds like an end to me ! lmao
eFF its raining again...
It's raining again. Always nalang? Tsk. Blame low pressure for this.
The wind blowing so hard making me think it's raining again.
me:"is it raining again?" mom:"no, that's the wind."
shocksssssssss its raining again here in surigao:(
water in ya car AGAIN : ( "@StashMyCake I'm such a dumbass. I left my sunroof cracked while it was raining."
I wish it was raining. That way I can spit on people from the balcony again.
It's raining again! Sleepytime.
Its keep raining again and again ....
And it Raining... again...
And again I say. RAINING IN DECEMBER!! WTF?
Looky there! Its raining again.....#Seattleprobs
Good morning! It's raining again
Damn now its raining again. This run bout to feel like I'm back in basic training!
Is it raining >.< again ?
its raining like crazy again!
Oh, no way. Raining on fucking trash night again? Who'd have guessed. I live the groundhog day of trash days.
And it's raining again ... Nice time to zzz. Oops. Somebody's gonna be mad at me again for the rain. Hehe
just arrived from work.. i am missing the sun. :( its raining again here Cebu.
ITS RAINING SO HARD SMH..IM NOT GONE TO WORK AGAIN
Its raining again. :(
ugh its raining again :( rain is only good when I'm in the bed
Is It Raining Again ?
Then It Start Raining Again ! -__-
Anglesey weather... Just when you think its stopped raining it starts again, oh and with added wind this time :-)
Since its raining again someone better bring me some hot cocoa, an extra blanket, have a bedtime story ready &; cuddling is a must..
I hate how my shower only has two temperatures, Arctic rain or Satan's piss.
I hate rain
I hate rain its horrible !
And now were standing in the rain but nothings ever gonna change until you hear my dear The 7 things i hate about you.
I hate sideways rain
I Hate when People see that your Happy and Try To Rain On your Parade Bitch Kill Ya Self . Ion see how people Do It w/ deese females shessh!
I hate the rain, shits mad depressing.
Freezing rain I hate you... Plans = canceled
...Ugh... I hate rain.
i hate rain !
RAIN, I HATE YOU! :@
wth , I hate Rain coulda rain all week .
I hate rain.
I wish that it would rain again. These people kept using that whistle bomb thingy and that's the one firecracker I hate the most.
I hate when u buy a sweet pair of sunglasses and then all it does is rain!
So desperate to go on holiday, I hate the cold, I hate being pale, I hate the rain
Mi naw lie... It tek change fi appreciate things like zinc roof. I hate wen mi de a farin n don't knw rain a fall till I go outside n soak
RT"@BADyellowbonee_: - I hate the rain ." I think its about to stop doe..
I hate you, rain! So much
i hate rain
I hate rain... A lot
I hate the rain -___-
i HATE rain ! more than anything!
Oooooo no it looks like it's going to rain!! I hate the rain :(
god i wish on days like this i could drive! Hate walkin in rain with pram. Cuh. Hope it stops soon. X
she's got eyes of the bluest skies , as if they thought of rain, I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of painnnnn
i hate rain!
- I hate the rain .
Oh rain please stop. I hate you.
So this mini hail storm tho...but I aint about to hate on the rain that feeds me! *lookingouthewindow*
i hate if rain..
it's not that i hate the rain or anything it's just that i don't wanna get wet
"This is the rain I hate! Wet rain!"
I hate you rain, you ruin everythingggg
I hate rain so so much.
I HATE RAIN :\
Fuck I hate the rain!!!
Dear rain, you just ruined my snow, I hate you.
cant even believe its raining :'(  .I HATE RAIN
It is nasty outside in Central Maine 28F w/freezing rain - the weather I hate most - oh well still gonna be good day - I will be running :-)
yaa,,don't even dare insult my lovely rain,,i hate that~
I love rain, but for now I hate it so. Can't see the sea of fireworks!
I hate the rain
I hate rain especially today
I hate this frickin rain. That is all.
I HATE RAIN
I seriously need to take a rain check and gain some common sense. I hate being a gullible little shit.
i hate the rain
And it's raining. Trains and rain. Probably the two things I hate most in the world.
Bleeh i hate rain....
"I'll be with you when the rain comes so you wont hate cold anymore :)"
I HATE HATE HATE driving in the rain..
I hate rain! But sometimes its helpful!
i hate the rain so much!
Hate when it rains...specially after a hard days work...but I give all my clients a rain check..
Rain on New Year's Eve? WTF?! I hate Germany!
I love rain but I hate cold
This why I fucking hate rain.
I hate this kind of rain, in Cornwall it would be called sea mist
I hate waiting for buses in the rain.
I hate this weather ... Rain rain rain -______-'
‎#Bieberfact When Justin failed his driving test he stood outside in the rain and yelled " I HATE YOU" to every car. RT if you laughed :D
the world's worst alarm: adele's set fire to rain in skrillex version. I HATE MY SISTER :@@@@
I hate that drizzle rain that just gets you soaked
I hate rain, always ruins my plans seriously get gone!
i hate the rain!
I Hate this Rain_Now Ne pa Eyaff off Light (((arrrgggghhhh)))
I hate this battery dies so fast still jamming tho  ... my love do u ever dream of candy coated rain drops
I hate rain .. :/
I love rain, but I hate thunders n lightnings.. *tutup tlinga
I hate driving in the rain...
rain ... i hate rain
Rain..I hate summer
I hate the radio its too corporate I stay home and listen to my mixtapes of morrissey and rain forest noises - Iliza
Ew. Rain. - i hate winter. Its better than snow but not by much.
Four things I hate when snowboarding 1.) Grass 2.) Mud 3.) Rain 4.) Icey snow
I HATE when ppl sing Rain, Rain, Go Away , Come Again Another Day to me tht shit eats me alive -_- especially when my boyfriend do it
I love snow ☃ I love sun ☀ I hate freezing rain ☂
i hate this kind of rain! )):
I hate driving in the rain
I miss baby schmull. I hate you rain! Huhu. :(
i hate the rain.. it make the hole day go by slow
I hate the winter. I mean come on.. if it's going to be cold.. SNOW. Stop teasing us with all the cold weather& rain.
I hate rain. It can always ruin everything.
She's got eyes of the bluest skies, as if they thought of rain, I'd hate to look into those eyes, and see an ounce of pain
I Hate Day Like This, When Rain And Rain ♪♫
I Hate the Rain it ruin my hair !!
I hate the sun as much as I hate the rain.
I hate rain!!! I hate it I hate it. I bloody hate it!
I hate how rain smells. It's a unfathomable type of stinch, I just can't stand! >.<
I HATE SNOW but fuck the rain. I was honestly looking for witches on my way home.
Aw I think it will rain... no please I hate the rain, *but this time I will not cry* .. I know I will do it :'( ...
what is this peice of looking shit outside? either snow or rain,i hate slush fuj
I bet my feet hate freezing rain more than your feet.
i hope its not raining in the morning .... i hate driving on the interstate in the rain.
I just did the freeway in the rain and i HATE and fear both but im over it :)
'I hate rain&snow they can both fuck themselves'  . .then that would make hail! Ö
I hate rain & snow , they both could fuck each other .
I hate this part of a song.. " and suddenly the rain comes.." then they didnt continue what happened after the rain come.. What you do?
When my sister and charliee playy "It Will Rain" because they know I hate it <<<<<<<<
Ick I hate the sound of freezing rain.. Its just not as nice as normal rain!
I hate rain. :/
"@HeyDk_HeyDk: I HATE people who take twitter seriously. Don't rain on nobody else's parade. Bitter ass unhappy muthafuckas!" Hahaha
I HATE people who take twitter seriously. Don't rain on nobody else's parade. Bitter ass unhappy muthafuckas!
She's got eyes of the blue skies, as if they thought of rain, I'd hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain.
I hate the rain when its cold!
This hate love bullshit is stupid. I know I'm chinky, but I can see clearly now the rain is gone.
I used to love the rain but now i hate it.  It scares me.  pls stop raining... (at Z Resto Bar)
I hate when girls freak out about getting their hair wet. I've just learned to embrace the rain and dance in it.
Rain... I Hate It!
She's got eyes of the bluest skies .As if they thought of rain .I'd hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain
Why? Its a Gift from god for Us! “@ShaRiiy: I HATE RAIN !”
Woow my car windows are frozen all around. I hate this stupid rain.
baby I hate days like this, when it rain and rain and rain and rains, when it rain and rain and rain and rains,
I hate rain :/
“@Kid_Chellsi: I hate this rain, it needs to turn to snow!” thought you hated snow
I HATE RAIN !
I hate missing ppl events that support me and come to mine...but im going to have to take a rain check tonight
...swimming in the sea (don't hate me, it's been raining, proper 100 year storm rain) and chanting (yes, I know how that sounds!)
Damn icy rain! Took forever to get in my house! Curb, I hate you!
I hate driving in the rain -___-
I hate driving on the high way in the rain, its honestly so scary :(
My collarbone fuckin wit me smh i hate when it rain
I hate driving in fog I rather it rain.!
Hate scraping my car off , I hate you rain!
I hate freezing rain!!
I hate to rain on your parade, but your legs are open.
I hate you rain.
I hate when I type rian then its auto corrected to rain......
So wet outside -___- omg I hate walking in the rain
i hate the rain -_-
Finally... Rain went down.. Walkin about now.. Kill me I hate my outfit..
30 and rain tomorrow......so more humidity. I HATE humidity... give me 45 degrees and dry any day
She's got eyes of the bluest skies .As if they thought of rain .I hate to look into those eyes .And see an ounce of pain
I hate the rain.
Dear December rain, I hate you.
the hipster in me desperately tries to hate Adele... and I don't really like her in general, but Set Fire To The Rain just is... good.
Sad, rain, wet i hate them
Nothing to do while rain is falling down that's why. I hate rain !!!
I swear I hate people who always wanna rain on my parade. I mean dang let me be happy
When the rain make me remember our story, that's the time i'm gonna hate you
Got the boys hate'n Never did they make a comment when I couldn't make it rain
I Don't Know Whats So Romantic About Kisses in The Rain, I Hate Rain.
"No one needs the sorrow / No one needs the pain / I hate to see you / Walking out there / Out in the rain": Pueril, mas ainda assim bonito.
I hate the rain-_-
I hope this rain let's up.. I wanna go to Rell house.. I HATE the rain... Ugh.
I hate da rain it make me feel sick...
I hate highland park/ rain tree. just the whole vicinity pisses me off.
I hate freezing rain, why couldn't it just be snow?
I hate rain omf
This isn't the same rain from Twilight. I hate when sequels do that.
i hate the rain, but it's perfect cuddle time (:
I still hate rain. I swear. I'm moving to somewhere sunny
i love the rain but i hate being cold
I hate driving in the rain but I want a cranberry juice.
Fuck, I hate driving in the rain.
I fucking hate rain :@
Made aaron drive home. I hate driving in rain!
I hate rain , I hate rain , I hate rain ┌П┐
I really... Hate rain.
Bout to head to Euclid to see da best I hate driving in da rain...
My cut itching...is it bout to rain?? Ugh! I hate I had a csection..!!!!
i don't care if you people hate the snow. its better than the damn rain
I hate rain it aint good for shit but sleep....
I hate walking in the rain!!!!
Freezing! I hate rain.
rain rain rain. i hate you
I hate the rain ...
I hate driving in the rain.
I hate the rain Im really tryin to shoot
i hate misty rain. either rain hard or don't rain at all. I don't like the in-between.
I'm really serious, I hate the damn rain!
This girl driving me is going 70km/h on the highway :| swerving between lanes in the rain... I fucking hate smart cars
i hate the song it will rain.
Ugh y is it raining I hate the rain
I soo hate the rain right now !
“@Lucy_ninjabad I hate the rain this the type of weather you suppose to cook for your nigga get a couple of movies an be with your man”
I hate the rain this the type of weather you suppose to cook for your nigga get a couple of movies an be with your man
por cierto mis tenis se mojaron "I hate the rain"
Rain :'( my research, Late. I hate that!
I hate being out in the rain when my hair is done
I hate bruno mars, but I do lovvve one of his songs.. "it will rain."
I have made it home safely from St. Louis. I hate driving on the highway in the rain, but God drove the car for me!
I hate driving in the rain... I'll rather drive in the snow lbs
I hate the rain . I just almost killed myself like 12 times .
Oh how I hate rain
I seriously hate the rain. ☔ I'm moving to Arizona.
I'd hate to rain on your parade. :)
I hate rain. ...
I dont hate you, but if I was driving and saw you walking in the rain...I would keep going.
I hate wearing J's in the rain. Its cool ima have another 3 pair by February.
rain, i hate you :@
Whyyyyy is it raining I hate this ugly rain like I dnt dislike it anymore I HATE it!!!! Like go away n come back when we actually need you!!
I fckn hate rain mane.....nd its cold smfh
I have a love hate relationship with the rain!, love it when i'm indoors, and hate it when i'm unprepared and my hair goes curly arrrahh.
I hate rain
I hate driving in rain/dark!!
If your Facebook quotes section says "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain." I hate you.
Ya'll gonna hate me cuz same things gonna happen to you as I say this "blame it on the rain" by Milli Vanilli is in my head
I hate driving in the rain when its dark
normaly i hate the rain with a passion, but my bike is broken, so i don't mind that much.
As much as I love being in Seattle I hate the rain
I hate days like this  .When it rain, rain, rain it rain, rain, rains ♫
she's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain, i'd hate to look into those eyes & see an ounce of pain.
i really hate rain..
HATE the sun because my whole life i've always lived in sunny places, no rain, no snow, no clouds, just the boring sun -_- dont need it ffs
I'm so hungry!!! I hate driving in the rain!!!
I hate da rain
I hate rain cause of right now
i hate people that tweet stuff like "ooh rain" ...die.
I hate Wen it rain
woke up this morning and the snow was gone. wtf mother nature. i hate rain
My hair's vile eugh I hate the rain :(
I hate the rain cause it cancels all plans even indoor plans
, i HATE driving in theee rain <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
I know we need rain and all, but I seriously hate this weather!
I hate driving in rain
Call me mr super lame, you love to hate but you know my game is the the name do I make it rain yes ben franks or my mains lol you a shame
I hate driving at night in the rain .
Its raining..bummer..i hate going out when theres rain.
Stuck at alderwood in the freezing cold windy rain. Uhg I hate this.
Wow parents won't let me go out cuz of freezing rain.. Wtf I hate this weather
I hate this Evian spray rain
I hate the rain. So ready for summer.
I hate rain!!
I hate people that act like they can't drive in the rain...get tf out the way!
I hate on The Fox and The Hound when the old woman just leaves Tod out I'm th forest.. Alone.. In the rain... All alone :'(
I hate rain! It make me feel like something finna get fucked up or something bad about to happen
Yuhuuu I HATE RAIN !
Now the drive to Schaumburg. I hate driving in the rain, people go so slow.
I hate driving in rain.
I hate the rain RT if u  hate the rain
“@prettiPorsche I hate this damn rain. ”
I hate this rain smh
I hate rain in the winter
I hate the rain !!!
I fuckin HATE rain. Fuck this shit .
That new song It will Rain Is sooo STUPID. i hate it.
I hate rain. ☔
Omg I hate rain
I hate driving in the rain,..
I hate mjr.. I don't feel good., I hate this weather but I get to wear my cheetah rain boots
I hate driving in rain smh
I think I hate wind more than I hate rain
I have a serious love/hate relationship with rain. I love the smell, the sound, the beauty of it. And yall know what I hate about it, no js.
Ngl, but I hate the song It Will Rain by Bruno Mars...
i hate rain and cold weather
Rain I hate.. yo bitch I use 2 date ...she sucked I nevr ate..so how my babies taste..?
I hate the rain only wen its cold while raining
i hate driving in the rain..!
I hate cold rain -_-
I hate rain it makes me sleepy
I have learned to hate rain. I dont' know why.
I hate rain!
I hate rain too
I'm a woman who is always on time. I hate to be kept waiting. And I hate to have ppl waiting on me. -RAiN
Also, I hate rain. I'd rather have it snow, at least you can do stuff with it.
I Hate Driving In The Rain
I also would like to add the fact I hate the rain!!
& I hate the rain.
I fuckin hate rain
That sounds like a good idea but I hate the rain
I hate the rain :'( its so cold :(
Fuck I hate rain
I dont want to go outttt I just want to lay in my bed and watch movies all night I hate rain. Damn u rain. 
About to put on these rain boots.. I HATE RAIN
I hate rain. ~.~
I hate driving in the rain. And it was coming down hard AF.!
I hate the rain :(
It's raining in both Coffs and Sydney. I hate flying in the rain.
Ohhh stupid rain, how i hate you so.
I hate rain like this.
Ctfu i hate when rain be hipp i sure was
Morning, rain. I hate to know you're wet because of rain. But I'll say hi to rain, rain is a gift. Hello rain, be nice today
I hate driving in rain and snow , that shit irritating ,
I love Chicago because they know how to drive in the rain. I hate Chicago because of their toll roads.
I hate this rain :/
I hate drivin in the rain
Just woke up Chln I was thinkn bout her all day was on my way to see her but that damn rain I hate this weather
Soo it can rain but it can't snow? I hate the weather this year.
I hate rain.. so much.
“@TriniBelle111: PLEASE dnt rain☔☔ I just got my car⛵washed.” don't u just hate when that happens??
“@HairFlipChick I truly hate driving in the rain”
I hate the rain!! Ruins plans!!
Oh how I hate the rain because I made plans and now can't because of it! Now bored out of my mind with nothing to do! :(
I truly hate driving in the rain
I hate that spitting rain that is deceptively wet.
I'm sick of rain. I tried to act like a hardass about it earlier; yeah I fucking hate it.
I have a love/hate relationship with rain☔☁
Out to dinner with the fam:) Golden Corral Yummy.  I HATE RAIN RIGHT NOW WHERES THE SNOW LAST TIME I CHECKED IT WASNT SPRING IT WAS WINTER!
I fuckin HATE the rain
I I HATE DRIVIN IN THE RAIN!!
I hate driving in the rain at night hard af to see ..
Damn it's rainin hard as fuck outside! I hate the rain "/
i am really starting to hate this rain. cant believe its almost 2012. hope 2012 is a better year for me. this year was a not good year 4 me.
I fuckin hate the rain,this messy ass shit!!
i would rather have rain & not snow .. but i still hate the rain tho
I Hate Rain!!!
*turns on kirk franklin* YOU LOOK SO MUCH BETTER WHEN YOU SMILE SO SMILE! *looks out the window* ew i hate rain lol
Im scared of lighting :) Dam i hate the rain.
I really hate this rain..
This weather is just gay. I hate rain. I could turn down most things cuz of it
I hate the rain. -__-
- I hate the rain
I hate wearing uggs in the rain
I hate traffic and rain!!!!!!
I hate tha Rain
I used to hate football in the rain but now its acc quite sick!
I fucking hate rain and it annoys the fuck out of me that it rains every day.
I hate rain storms :( but they're still better than snow storms...
I hate this damn rain.
I hate rain, snow, the cold, and the sun. The outdoors is not my friend.
ugh i hate the rain..
I hate this rain :(
is this rain fuckin serious I hate it
Was boutta go to the boys game but i hate driving in rain AND thunder? i'm good lol
What the fuckkkk! I hate the rain!
I Hate the rain
ugh . i hate the rain -__-
I hate snow but, I hate rain more. All this rain should be snow.
- oh man i hate driving in the rain :(
i hate rain .
I'm bored man I hate the rain
I hate rain & snow.
Seriously fbomb this rain. I hate snow more than the average girl but it's about to be January and at least it doesn't ruin your hair...
I really hate driving in the rain
Todays a day where i hate the rain..
Omg I hate drivin n da rain n its dark... I jus had to literally pull ova cus im scared..
I hate rain. especially in the winter!
i hate rain.
I hate rain !
Omw to Walmart. Shit I hate driving in the rain.
I hate when drivers speed in the rain!!! Now when yo ass slide off the road...
I don't fuck w/ the rain AT ALL .. I HATE IT
i hate it when people diss their friends in a tweet or status like "i love friends that leave me out in the rain" wtf :/ tag them in it!
I hate rain huuuhhhh, I rather have snow.!!!
im tired as fuuuuck. i hate the rain. it messes with my emotions and energy.
I hate rain ☔⚡
I hate when it rain, it make me so sleepy!!!!!!!!!!
I hate rain so much!!!
I hope it stop raining... I hate driving in rain
I hate rain! Ugh. Today sucks.
I HATE When Out Of Every Other Day Of The Week It Chooses To Rain On Friday Or Saturday ! -____-
I hate the rain..and my sister don't know how to drive in it o_O
I hate rain...only when I'm getting wet.
I hate the rain......just stop it.
I hate rain in the winter but the sound of it is wonderful (: it makes me want to sleep.
I hate driving in rain...there is now way to saw how much I hate it
I hate driving in the rain!
I hate driving in the rain!! Why mom?!
i hate rain sooo much ... ☔
I wanna go to the store, but I hate driving in the rain.
3 months ago, I'd've said that rain during the winter is kind of sucky. But now it is the number one thing I hate most in this world.
Out w/ my mom.  I hate Rain!
I hate the freakin rain
I Hate Driving In The Rain.
I hate rain , but at least it ain't no snow
I hate RAIN EWW ..:(
I Hate Driving In The Damn Rain'
Ugh I hate when ppl act like they can't drive in the rain....
But fuck I hate the rain.
I hate wearing my guccis in the rain, -___-
i hate the rain when i wanna do something !!!!!
I hate the rain yo
“@_COLDasDECEMBER Hate The Rain , I Rather It  Snow , ♥ .”
Joe.. I just got done driving in the rain..I hate driving in the rain.. lbvs
I hate rain and snow !
I hate this type of rain.
Hate The Rain , I Rather It  Snow , <3 .
“@KreeCarter: I hate driving in the rain >_<” I hate the fucking rain!!!! It pisses me off
I hate it's starting to Rain !
Man i hate the rain
I hate the rain!
I hate the rain .
I hope the rain clears up by tonight, i hate going out in the rain .
I hate the rain. I need some sunshine
RaiN,,I hate this!!!
i hate rain in ah way '
I hate rain it makes me sad
I love the rain. I just hate wet clothes.
I HATE the rain!
I hate rain ☔
ew i hate rain
I hate snow and prefer rain over snow but its ugly as fuck outside....like I don't get a maufuckin' perm. I don't got time for this.
I Hate Da Rain!
I hate the rain, it ruins my night!:( and makes the worms come out*sick*
I Hate When It Rain All Day
:( I hate the rain.
I hate when it's so cloudy that it looks like its going to rain !
I hate the rain ☔
I hate the rain sometimes.
I really hate the winter and all but i'd much rather it snow than rain every day
I hate the rain but I wanna go out to eat today :( Well I guess Ill just have to bundle up cause IM GOING lol!
I hate rain with a passion.
I hate rain☔ especially when there should be snow! ⛄
Fuuuck I hate rain!
'Shes got eyes of the bluest skies & if they thought of rain, I'd hate to look into those eyes & see an ounce of pain'
Wow how much I hate driving in the rain
“@Mghazar: Rain> Snow” agreed and that's why I have grow to hate snow!
“@SirStrokeAlot_: I hate the rain”
I hate the rain n it's cold I just wana be Home n bed cuddled up
I hate the rain but its better than snow
Hate driving in the rain, but I'd drive in this shit before snow
Fuck... I hate when it rain and wind blowing at the same time
I hope the rain stop..because I hate flying...,most of all,I hate flying while its raining...
I hate rain when I got plans!
I Hate Rain:(
I hate rain in the winter...
dude i hate the damn rain, it's so shitty outside.
I hate the rain !
i hate da rain....
I actually hate the rain
rain mix snow......rain no thanks ,mix i hate icey road i have to take my snow every where snow!? hell yes bring it on!
I hate the rain I don't even feel like walking to the car
i hate rain. screw ohio.
I hate rain....
I gotta get my lashes done,  I hate the rain I don't even wanna leave out.
Swear.  I hate driving in the rain people act stupid
Uggghh I hate the rain!
It's crazy as hell G.... I hate the rain...
I hate the rain >:/
I hate the rain it's always ruining my plans
I hate rain -_-
I hate that I'm leavin sun shine & 70• for rain and 46• :-(
damn I hate Michigan. gtfo you ugly rain.
Soaked :'( I hate this rain
i hate to have too get dressed i freakn hate the rain . i have no clothes
I hate rain lol
I like the rain but I hate this kind of rain.
Can we escape the clutches of government? Will we taste freedom again? I hate to rain on anyone's parade, but it ain't gonna happen.
I could learn "It will rain" by bruno mars but I hate that song
I hate the rain :/
I Fucking Hate Rain
I hate buses in the rain
I hate driven in tha rain
AWWWWW I hate it... It's RAINING.... I hate it.. It should SNOW not rain!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate walking in the rain , ever time  my feet get soaked
I have a love hate relationship with rain! Hate the rain but love the gear!
I hate the fuckin rain
Damn I hate rain
I hate driving in the rain. Make it stopppp
I hate nothing more than waiting for the bus in the wind and rain
I hate Adele, but the song Set Fire to the Rain is kinda addicting..
todays a shitty day...i hate rain.
Damn i hate the rain. My knee is super swollen
i fuckin hate rain.
- I Hate When People Actinq Like They Cant Drive In The Rain .
Mann I hate when it rain so sleepy now # rain plz go away :-(
i hate the rain!!!!!
I fucking HATE rain!
I hate da rain so I think I changed my mind about hittin a couple stores im stayin in
I hate pumping had in the rain :(
Bored I hate the rain unless im playn football in it.
I hate driving in the rain so homie need to hurry up so I can go home
Baby I hate days like this, when it rain
i hate rain in snow days
I hate when drivers act like they scared of rain
I HATE THE RAIN
I hate cold rain
... I hate to see preggo girls on the bus. ESP in the rain :(
Driving in the rain..don't u hate it..I'm tryna tweet and drive at the same time ..lol ..it don't fecking work#Bluetooth
Gotta love it when you finish work in the rain an no one can pick you up :( I hate walking home in the dark and its raining!!!!
Ughh I hate Rain !
Grrr. I Hate The Fxcking Rain (>.<)
In a lovely pub,Wood Burner roaring,Rain hammering down&Lake Windermere rippling. . .Am I weird or is this perfect???.:-) .Hate rain normally.
hate me but i love it will rain by bruno mars
Trying to get back to Sac <  .Ewwww, why does it have to be raining. I hate traveling in the rain..
I hate rain!!!
i hate driving in the rain. but i guess i gotta get use to it.
I hate cold weather! I rather have it rain then have this gay ass weather!
I hate rain. especially the fact that I don't own actual shoes.
I hate rain so much ..
I HATE RAIN !!!!
I hate wen it rain
I hate when people drive scared in the rain
i fucking hate the rain. i want summer
I Hate Rain Ugh
I hate rain ..
I hate this dreary weather. & I hate rain.
What am I getting outta bed for?? Its raining and I hate rain, and aint nthn to do anyways
It would start to fucking rain.... I hate my life
I Hate The Rain Sumtimes.
, ugh , I hate rain it make me sleepy
I hate rain,ugh!
Hah! I hate rain.. But I hate u more
I hate the rain. Getting absolutely soaked.
I can't wait to get away from all this rain! Ugh that's one thing I hate about being from the NorthWest.
Finally made it to my dads. I hate driving on the highway, people suck at diving, especially in the rain
Sometimes I really hate this rain. >=[
I really fuqqin hate rain snow winter ugh
this day is just depressing. I hate rain & I have absolutely nothing to do
I hate working in the damn rain!
i hate shopping in the rain
I hate the fucking rain!!
So glad we haven't got snow yet in tha CHI instead got rain hope it stays like this I hate winter.
"@L3gallyGorg3ous: I hate when it rains ." Rain is sexy
One thing i hate from rain...give me C...give me O..give me C..give me K..give me ROACH ....!!  C-O-C-K-R-O-A-C-H !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Woke up this morning the news said it was forty-one degrees outside its raining and I hate the rain
I hate this rain man
I hate da Rain
she almost made me hate London, rain, blue, all those songs...but it's you that made the choices for all she knew...I can't hate you
Its raining. I hate the rain.
I hate when rain comes down!
I Hate Driving In The Rain, Espcially On The Freeway. Muthafuckas Drive Crazy
suppose to been going downtown to find me sum to wear for toma...but i doubt it cuz the weather...i hate when it rain
I almost forgot how much I hate the rain.
I hate rainy days... Please no rain today
"@WiSe_Brotha: Bro I rlly hate the rain and it look like its bout to rain.."me too
I hate driving in the rain !
I hate the cold , snow & the rain
Bro I rlly hate the rain and it look like its bout to rain..
I hate the rain, wind, cold. I basically hate winter.
I think my camera got damaged in the rain... fucking hate life.
Went Oxford Street and it started raining -__- & I hate the rain but I still had to go... Bleuughhh....
I hate waking up to rain on Friday's
Ugh i hate the rain
I hate rain :b
O how I hate the rain :( sports nite go BULLS
I hate drivin in the rain. People drive stupid
Rain go away I hate the rain
I so hate when it rain smfhhhhhhhhh
I would love a kiss in the rain..but I hate getting my hair wet... ;(
I hate driving n the rain..
I hate the rain even seeing it on the tv .,
I hate the rain well atleast driving on it
bad headache!!!! that's one reason why i hate being with the rain!!!
I hate driving in the rain but at least I can blast drake
This rain holds too many memories , I hate it !
I hate a phrase 'a little rain never hurt anyone' flooding, cholera, rotted structures causing collapse, wet roads. So shush
Hate the rain !!!!!! Least I'm all tuck up in the warm :-)
I hate tha fucking rain ! But wait , rain in december !! WTF O_o
I wanna go to Indy specifically for the forever 21 jewelry store but it's raining & I hate rain... Hmm decisions.
I hate everything with a fiery passion no being could begin to comprehend... I want hell to rain upon all of you as I laugh at your expense.
I hate whn it rain....
I hate rain..
Why is it pouring. I hate rain.
Wth is up with this rain??? I hate this so much...
Why does it have to rain? I hate rain.
Ohwell. Guess I shld sleep then. Still dk what to wear tmr. Hate outdoor stuff, cos very hard to dress appropriately. Wait rain how?
It's so rainy, I hate driving with morons on the road! Learn to drive in the rain we live in Washington for christ sakes
I hate the rain don't tell me it replenish the nutrients in the soil or some shit it doesn't replenish already made plans
I HATE TAKIN CARE OF BUSINESS IN THE RAIN
I hate the rain ....
I hate when it rains!! Don't ask me to do ish in the rain!!!
I hate rain. Its freaking december for christ sake.
I hate rain .__.
I hate it when i try to dress up and do my hair, then mother nature says, "Fuck you, I'm gonna rain today."
She's got eyes of the bluest skies...As if they thought of rain...I hate to look into those eyes...And see an ounce of pain...~gnr
I fucking hate rain.
I hate RAIN !!!!
I hate when i get rain on my glasses -________-
I can just about stand the cold but a fucking hate rain
And plus its raining and I hate driving in the rain so.. eh
I hate that type of rain that gets you wet.
Fawk I don't feel like walking to the car..I hate the damn rain
I hate the smell of rain.
When Justin failed his drivers test he stood outside in the rain & yelled ‘i hate you’ to every car. RT this if this made you laugh :)
I hate rain with a passion :-|
I hate this kind of rain. Like its not pouring, its just spitting. Pointless.
i actually HATE the song It Will Rain. But when anyone else OTHER than Bruno Mars is singing it, i don't mind it.
I hate the rain -__-
I hate the fucking rain -__-
I hate the smell of rain -___-
I hate RAIN ! Why is it Raining in December Though ?
I. Hate. Rain.
I hate being left out in the rain but it sucks when some one hangs you out to dry even more.
Uggh. I Hate Rain!
I hate rain ☹
Sumtimes i hate wen it rain
i hate the rain:(
I spilled my guts .For rotten sluts .All wet from rain .I live in pain .I hate you but I still love you
I hate rain,, my momma dnt wanna go to Steak & Shake cuz its raining!!!
I hate the rain n the winter. Now if it was summer time I'd go play n it. But it's not. Soooo yeah.
I hate driving in rain...
I hate wen it rain.... u cant even  get fly how u want 2
I bloody hate rain
God I hate rain
I Hate RAIN ! It Just Be So Sticky Outside :/
Gotta get Mii self ready for 2ma* I hate traveling in rain..
I bet you didn't know that I hate thunderstorms, yet I love dancing in the rain
Oh gosh , i hate rain!
I hate it when people say they love the rain. I want to kick them in the face
Of all the days it could rain, It decided to rain today when I'm about to go hiking!!! Aggh! I hate u weather!!!
I hate rain!
I have a love/hate type of relationship with the rain :-/
I fuckin hate being in the rain. So crabby.
I hate rain...
I hate the rain why is it not cold enough to be snow
I HATE brand new Chuck Taylors... I step all over myself and wear them in the rain just to wear them in
i hate driving in the rain.
Booo I hate rain!
Hate this rain man shit I'm tryin to work
I hate all this rain
I hope this rain stops by 4. I hate driving in it.
Waking up mad and annoyed. Plus I hate the freakin rain! Ughh
Maaan i fukkin hate mudd .. I hope it dnt rain anymore today -__-
Water is pretty much amazing in every from except rain. I hate rain.
I hate rain ☂
Me 2 RT“@KeeKee03: I hate rain. I'd rather have snow.”
I hate rain. I'd rather have snow.
I really hate rain..
I am so annoyed. I HATE the rain!
sick of this rubbish weather i hate the rain carn't wait for the summer.
I hate buses!i waited over an hour for one in the freezing cold and rain!
Whats that noise outside? I hate rain too
Stop raining now? I hate going out in the rain. :(
all wet ew ew ew, I hate rain.
"Make it rain rain, money ain't a thang" - I flippin hate this song, but it's so catchy. Can't even hate on travis porter.
I hate rain... Especially when it's almost January.
How is it almost 2012 and its warm enough to rain,,, I hate Indiana
Smh thats exactly why i hate rain , i just fell well slid lol =/
Why do people like the rain so much? I fucking hate it. It makes me wet (that's what she said) and it makes other people smell.
Dear Rain, it's nothing personal but I hate you! I had plans & now you made me feel crappy so they won't get done. Thanks for nothing!
I hate the rain so much
I hate the rain. its so wet. Too wet.
i hate rain!#onlycauseisdepressing
I hate the rain!!!
“@kristina_swag: Driving in the rain is my favorite.”I hate it !
I hate rain so much!
i hate "dont leave me" ballads, but that damn it will rain song pisses me off. rain my ass, it will monsoon,  dont ever forget that shit.
Really, rain?!?! I HATE INDIANA WEATHER!
papers done. urgh i hate going out in the rain when i could be in my warm house on twitter :L
I hate people who drive like  in the rain.
I swear I hate the rain the only time I like being wet is when I'm in some pussy or at a swimming pool.
Things I hate doing: Driving in the pouring rain, at night.
It's Friday! Got alot of business to take care of today but I hate driving in the rain. Can't complain atleast its not snow Good lookn God:)
I hate rain :@
Of course it would rain when I just had my car washed a day ago.  I hate you Indiana
Hate the rain but I love my babyy :) <3
Can't believe I still don't have a birthday dress n if this weather continues doubt I ever will! I HATE RAIN!!!! :(
I wish it wasn't so gross outside! I wanna get out! But I hate the city in rain. Yuck.
great its raining i hate driving in rain
I fuckin hate rain.
everyone seems to hate the rain. i love it.. *hums singin' in the rain quietly*
i hate the rain ewww
I hate rain, snow.. anything wet that messes up my hair, clothes, shoes.. etc
Such a shit day in London. I absolutely hate the rain.
I love riding in NY cabs.  But I hate having to hail one in the rain.
fuck I hate rain!
Ugh i hate the rain. Guess im staying inside  today!
Good morning...I hate when it rain
Walking in my dress and corvese to the shop in the rain for my nan I love em but I hate coming out in the cold
So glad I didn't have work this morning because I hate riding my bike in the rain
i hate the rain, it's so cold and wet and makes everyone miserable lol
Being. At. Home. Is. So. Boring. !! Grrrr i hate the rain
I seriously hate the rain.
I hate the rain:L
there's nothing I hate more than the rain.. I despise being wet
Ahhhhh no signal!!!! I hate the rain!!
I hate scary drivers..its rain....drive CAREFUL not SCARY..if u do all that u dnt need to be drivin gtf out ma way Mrs patterson
I hate waking up to rain! Makes the day look sad.......
I hate everything about the rain .
Idk which I hate more, RAIN OR SNOW!
Luv the rain I hate that its such a drag tho! Rain Makes u tired
I hate the rain!!!!!!
Def did not kno it was raining outside smh I hate cold ass rain
Change of plans not goin nowhere after work if its still raining...I hate the rain and especially when I got my son wit me
I hate rain!!!!!!
I hate rain unless I have my Wellies on them I like it
I hate the rain i just hate it and i want rain to die a horrible painful death -_-
rain <<<<< .I HATE YOU GO AWAY
I Hate Driving In The Rain!
soaked and freezing i hate biking home in the rain :((((((
Hate being behind a lorry on the motorway in the rain. I mean, would they like to spray the car anymore?
I may b the only one who feels this way but I hate the rain so if its winter it needs to snow
I hate the rain so much
I hate the rain.....I wish it would stop...but on the brighter side of things...the rain cleanse the world
I love the rain I just hate driving in this foolishness
Argggh I hate Westend in the rain !
Goodness I hate rain!
I hate when my puppy has a heart attack bc of the rain-- it scares her. :'(
After being pissed on ALL day I officially HATE rain
Why did I park soooo far away from work :( hate rain!
Hate the rain, just slipped and feel like I've twisted my ankle
I hate the fucking rain.
I hate rain-_-
I hate rain....-_-
I fully hate the rain! It ruins everything
I hate when I am in the rain. This is great sleeping weather, not doing errands weather. Smh
I hate the rain, I hope it clears for tomorrows golf.
Hate the rain, wish I lived in america
I hate shopping in the rain
I hate the rain
This weather is rottern! I don't mind the cold but hate the rain!!! Rain rain go away
She's got eyes of the bluest sky as if the thought the rain, I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain ♪
I hate the rain! And I hate having to trudge in the rain to a muddy field to get my horse! Grr sun come back
i hate smoking in the rain
I hate rain. Gosh
I hate hearing it rain on the sky light... so annoying... back up to my room I go
I love the rain but hate the snow
I hate that cold clingyness after coming in from the rain
hate the 206 more than I hate rain.
London's so beautiful when it gets dark and lights up! Wish it would stop spitting though, I hate rain ):
Ugh I hate the rain ..
I hate the smell of rain especially on weave
Eww I hate rain
I hate the rain it ruins my hair
rain dont stop me , shit i hate being in the house ..
i hate da rain.!
I hate rain :(
sometimes I bloody hate rain
Ughh i hate rain ! D:
Eww I hate rain.
I HATE the fucking rain! Why doesn't it go away and come back a day when we aren't gunna play football!?
i hate rain tbh
I want a mcdonalds buh cant be bothered to walk there in this weather!! I hate rain! Bring on the summer!!! :-)
- i hate rain, it pisses me off. Lol
in the worst fucking cunting mood ever, work is being a cunt i fucking hate the cunting rain and my fucking back is fucking killing me. cunt
its unbelievable how much i hate rain
It's raining outside :( I hate having to go out in the rain
I hate you rain :@:@:@
I hate walking in the rain.
There's nothing I hate more than rain!
I hate wen I go get ah car wash den it rain...
Brace the rain or hate it & depress yourself! Me. I splash in it!
urgh i hate rain
man i hate being in da rain...after dis lil trip, imma be in da crib for a min
i hate rain D:
So much rain, sometimes I hate the UK's weather. Anyway, time to get my coffee on!
I absolutely hate rain now. I hate it with a passion, it can ruin everything.
This rain had me sleeping like a baby on my back! & I HATE BACK SLEEP! I'm a tummy sleeper
I hate rain soooo much! Stops you from doing anything!!
I hate walking around in the rain
I hate rain !!
I hate Bruno mars but it will rain is a belter lol
I hate the rain like I cant even go out !
cristinabellax omg I hate u jus thought wen u wanted 2 make da Uturn while a big as truck	rain was hQKCz4
I hate you rain .
Its not fun. I hate the rain, I get wet ;)
AhhH! I hate rain my uggs are wet
I hate rain..... :@
I hate rain so much omg
My hair looks awful today omg I hate rain
Blaaaaaaaaaaah . I hate rain.
the bottom of my hair is wet :@ fml i hate the rain!!
I would rather have snow, than rain. Ugh hate winter rain boo!!
i hate the rain . of it was snowing that would be a different story .
I am soaked hate rain so much
Ewww I hate this rain :( xxx
I hate being out in the rain !
i fucking hate the rain
I hate the fucking RAIN!!!!!!
Heyy peeps!! ;) i hate rain -__-
I hate dark skies with rain! Going to get soaked tonight waiting around for buses. Hope my camera does not get wet, as not in waterproofs.
SHE'S GOT EYES OF THE BLUEST SKIES AS IF THEY THOUGHT OF RAIN I HATE TO LOOK INTO EYES AND SEE AN OUNCE OF PAIN
Erghh I hate the rain man ruins my plans ☔
There's actually nothing that i hate more than rain!
Fact: I HATE RAIN!
I fuckin hate the rain.
i hate rain. espesh when i have to walk the dog in it and its tipping down and i get soaked. my thighs are so cold...
Is it ever gonna snow? I literally hate rain
Going to fix my brakes on my bike in the cold :(( I hate rain
Hate the Rain, I'm absolutely soaking:(
I hate the rain so much its ridiculous. Whys it still raining in December ugh!
I hate driving in the rain, my windshield wipers sound like strugglin. Lol
i hate driving in rain... :-(
I hate rain it's me want to cry " :(
Eugghhh I hate rain D:
And I worn my vectras in the pouring rain. Wet feet, wet shoes. I hate my life, I am cursed!
i hate rain in december!!! hey, autumn have gone already. winter please wake up!!
"@SahraAmelie: That's one thing I hate walking in the rain" that's one thing I love!
