Omg just got my hair cut and she wanted to give me "sexy hair". I'm totally rocking a Farrah Fawcett look. Lmao wtf
USHER > sexy ass . (:
Today I go to first night with friends and my gf in Boston. I will be sexy as all help and drunk as fuck.
She hot sexy she got a job lol
But not as sexy as the island girl from last night. Something about a accent.
I'm feeling sexy and freeeeee
Call me 'half glass full' but I believe this is going to be a great and sexy year :D
I swear@THEREALMEEKMILL is so sexy...smh he lucky im not old enough
Her laugh her laugh, She hates but i think its so sexy
Im sexy and i know it
Damn girl your sexy, I don't care what they say!
lmao all these females tryna look sexy for tonight, I'm just tryna get so high :)
i have sexy back dimples!
I bet when TI bout to hit that, hes all come on butta face I mean! Tiny , its just so sexy when you have a pillow on yo face baby!! LMFAO
Oh man. They're making a new Underworld. Never seen someone make a full leather body suit look as sexy as Kate Beckinsale does...
she was never the one for me. i just thought she was sexy.
wishing all my sexy folllowers a happy new year :)  drink plenty xxxx
*says in sexy Spanish accent*   "puppy chulo" MOSTMENAREDOGS  lbs
A female with tats is sexy but its just something about the lower back
awkward moment when an ugly persons ring tone is 'I'm sexy and I know it' hahahaha
yeah ok now thanks babe XxX happy new year sexy XxxX
Lmfaoo . He call me sexy & I call him cutiee
Sexy chicken. You were sexy I mean.
I got one question for you.... CAN YOU HANDLE THE SEXY!?
Damnn daddy! This dude is sexy af!
Apparently Justin is collaborating with LMFAO, Demi Lovato & Taylor Swift on the Believe album. OMG IMAGINE IT "I'M SEXY & IM BIEBER.."
im sexy and I know it
The birds attacked my car. AGAIN. Pretty girls in dirty cars ain't sexy. Car wash bound.
wish i was going out tonight so i could buy sexy heels i cant even walk in
jus walked around and I got a condom in every room of the house but my grannies.. safe sexy is great sex :)
This Roscoe Dash is too sexy....
I want him sexy like a Scorpio, the way he holds me close
Good morning sexy people.
I Have a sexy ass waiter ... score >>
This man so RH sexy. Caw blemma. *heaven*
You're sexy and you know it
Damn Wale......sexy ass!!!
Wtf am I going to wear tonight? I'm thinking all black again. I need more sexy black leggings
I'm sexy and I know it. I WORK OUT!! mmmilroy
Max B- Sexy Love every morning
what it gonna be for the new year followers...ensure you get ya sexy together now for the new year!!
heels and a nice pair pumps, with some sexy toes myweakness
HAHA SEXY BODY WAVE
concussions are pretty sexy so lets head outdoors and go bar hopping.
I'm Sexy & I Know IT :))
Wale was looking soooo sexy at the Chicago WGCI Big Jam concert this past Friday!!!  I LOVE Wale!! :
grab somebody sexy tell'em hey, give me everything tonight
At the Barbershop wit my honey, gettin him all sexy & shit.
this sexy haircut i might get this summer :)))
Sexy ass outfit tonight  - bring on the new year!
I hope you sexy people are all ok have a great time xxxand happy new year
Thts m-o-n-e-y...so sexy honey.
Sooooo I definitely still gotta go to the mall and get me a sexy little dress ;)
Why do they be havin these basic females in these music videos I be like damn it's a music video like have some sexy ass girls at least! Smh
ℓ☺ℓ "@TheManny_: Female fans: Man U : Fine girls , Arsenal : Sexy girls , Chelsea : Local girls."
-dances the sexy Damon dance on TL-
Kill I Got Toooo Many Grown N Sexy Parties/Hotel Parties!
many boys say im sexy nd cute then there are the boys i really want && they call me ugy !
“@MilkShaykes: I'm sexy and I know it” trust
Should I get all sexy tonight?
JerelRaheem nah bring yo sexy ass over here ;)
Champagne, Ottolenghi ingredients, sexy hair, mulled wine and a sense of melancholy...must be NYE. :)
On Belly DMX an Nas was sexy an Nas still is i havent seen DMX in a minute
Minho's long hair and super sexy rap *melts ♥♥♥ Key's new hair omg *dies ♥♥♥ Taemin's brown hair ahhh *screams ♥♥♥
Oh yay todays the last day of my Bieber calender and it turns into a sexy poster and I get to put my new one up!!
“@CoCoTheCreator: Gooood morning babies (:”Wussup sexy...
Bout to hit the mall and get my dress (: gotta get my grown and sexy on tonight
Grab somebody sexy, tell them hey ~(‾▿‾~) ~(‾▿‾)~ (~‾▿‾)~
I'm sexy and I know itttt :D
Gettin sexy tonight ")
his voice is sexy af i swear !!!
Im sexy and I know it. That song bothers me. The hook is "I work out" i work out i work out i work out...no one gives -_-
just want to jump into the tv with wale sexy self ( :
Grab somebody sexy tell 'em 'HEY!'
D: El video Sexy and I know It fue retirado de YouTube :'(
Why Big People Be Wantig Too Show They Body Like It's Sexy.
Keepin it sexy and simple♥
Sexy can i
MINHO YOUR RAGE ON THE DRUMS IS SO DAMN SEXY
Grab somebody sexy tell em; hey, give me everything tonight !
sexy and i know it
Acho Carlisle mais sexy que Edward, desculpa.
"so wat if im ugly i got a sexy ass body and a sexy personality" lol just nooo shut up cunt
My outfit for tonight is too sexy!!
How sexy do you feel?
Grab somebody sexy tell 'em hey !
omg i need a fancam of ffucking sexy taem with guitar NAO. GIVE ME
These pancakes looking sexy as fuck....bout the fuck the shit out of them
I'm bring sexy back, Yeah. Them other girls don't know how to act, Yeah.
Do british people find american accents sexy?
you think it's sexy to show the world your overweight ass crack?? bitch...everyones laughing at you!! i'm just the one who will call u out!
excuse me, I might drink alittle more then I should tonighhhtt,grab someboddy sexy tell em hey;)
There's a lot of info I've been missing... I don't mind! XD I think is sexy the fact that my boyfriend kissed a girl ;]
those sexy people that you'll never see again on the train.
My Baby Wale So Sexy .
i just want to see you strip , damn you sexy ; )
I'm lookin at your lil sexy ass tonight and I wanna dive into you, I'm thinkin how we could pop it off tonight, tell me what you wanna do
Our boys is the best! Hot and sexy seriously! Feel like @#%&*/@#%&! Sexy until can do anything ah! Opps! Wrong meaning.
A lot of rappers have sexy voices but are ugly af -_-
ooooh my gurl just made a point....i need to find a sexy dude to teach me how to board this spring surf and skate..
Babyface's Pandora station is sexy
Common Is Hella Sexy Doe ♥
Ik all da gurl gne bring da new year in sexy af' wit us at da party
GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY TELL 'EM HEY!
DEAR TWENTY TWELVE. I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BE NICE. SINCERLY YOUR'S A FUCKING SEXY CHICKEN NAMED ELLA.
Get someone sexy and tell em "hi
AFTER SCHOOL OH MY LOVE ASDFGHJKL!@#$%^&*CVNEUFHWEOIFHPEDNBMR JUNGAH U LOOK SO SEXY IN LONG HAIR ILU
Wow!  rt@tobs_up: Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah! M sexy n I know it..;)
Your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful.
DIES!!! RT TerryXclusive: If I had to choose I rather be cute than sexy : Cute gets you jobs ..Sexy
God dang my phone is sexy
grab somebody sexy tell em ey!
May grab somebody sexy and tell them hey tonight.
Good Morning..beautiful, grown, and sexy women!!
Your life is sad if you have to put up a stat saying lms if im cute or sexy or whatever. Appreciate
mingo sex drum, taemin sexy guitar, onew jonghyun and key super handsome vocalist awwwww
Imma b sexy wit my hair low again
Haha! First song that I heard this year is Sexy and I know it! Mukang papayat ako this year ah. Hahahah
Grab somebody sexy tell ‘em hey
She lives in a mansion and she's sexy. She will be mine. Oh yes, she will be mine.
Sodara dri kmaren dngernya lagu I'm sexy and I know it muluu :s
All these sexy girls walking by with no ASS lol...
I'm sexy and I know it
I don't get off on being pissed on. There's nothing sexy about humiliating a woman; that's WRONG. Humiliating a man, on the other hand...
what nigga would turn down A threesome with two sexy bitches
Im feelin sexy and free!!!!!!!
Trey Songz >>> haha , he sexy & he can sing ..
Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey give me everything tonight
But today, the boys are all super sexy. Daebak! You boys did well again!
I don't understand why accents are soo sexy!
wowwww i  sow it  and it  didn't  lag  !!!!!  onew  is so  sexy  !! *_*
minho you look so sexy with the drums!♥
Creo que el moretón en el ojo y la rodillera me dan un toque no sé, un poco sexy. This is why I say: I'm sexy and I know it
M'n love :I'm sexy and i know it. Ik : i'm loving you and you know it yeeaah.
Got that deep, sexy, morning groggy man voice going on
I gotta wonder how sexy I wanna be later. That'll help me decide what to do.
Man i hope i run into a sexy ass girl or something so i can get a fucking kiss on New Years!!. :)
Come party with me lol..."@callme_CHEEKS: ima be looking sexy tonight and idek where im going lol"
Hugs from the back are so sexy
oh my fangirl life is complete now LOL yongseo with banmal song, khuntoria with that sexy dance, and now adam (again) with trouble maker~~~
"@_Duhwayne_: Derrick Rose Experessions : Happy = -__- ; Mad = -__- ; Excited= -__- ; Tired = -__-" he looks sexy tho ;)
Rose's sexy layups over everything.
your body is not a sexy temple..it's a fucking McDonalds....you fat bitch
I'm not stressing today. Everything is in Gods hands! As for me, you can catch me around lookin grown and sexy, drunk af with my bottle !
Happy New Year to the humans living on the earth! Recycle and be sexy, always. xxx
MINHO bb was SEXY while playing drums ><" DIED
Oh! I tried this sleeping app called Pzizz. It's pretty cool. I'm sure it would work for an anxious insomniac. The dudes voice is sexy.
I'm sexy and I know it.
Bitches wouldn't know what to do with all this sexy if I unleash this shit
Getting sexy for tonight
I think I wanna wear a sexy ass dress tonight....
Man I be wanting to unfollow these sexy ass hood rats....I just can't seem to bring myself to do it....I'm weak....
been watching videos of Dannie Riel.. she is one cute/sexy girl. uhhhh
Lornas so sexy damn I wish I was just like her.
Happy New Year tweepeeps! have a full blast year. be healthy be good and be sexy
I feel so bad for people who try to be sexy and it shows.
IM FEELIN' SEXY AND FREE, LIKE GLITTERS RAINING ON ME
Sexy and I know it
poetic folks are beyond sexy to me/ add that natural glow and it takes me through the roof
Sexy Owooooo verry nice pic and hot bond
And if you don't feel sexy I'm here to tell you, you're sexy
Bruhs y'all need to go follow this sexy thang here! iBeLike_Yip
Sexy and I Know It dia cut gile gile kt MTV.
Sexy new icon! ^_^ RT if you agree!
Movies with sexy bitches or Darth Vader >>>>
You so Sexy Boy.
EN ESTOS MOMENTOS DIGO. Louis_Tomlinson WHAT THE HELL? DO YOU THINK THAT YOU'RE NOT SEXY? oh god, yo
"@SayingsOnLife: Your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful."
my little brother just did a dance to im sexy and i know it. :L SO SCARY
I have a sexy man in my shower :) Happy New Year to me
INFINITE YOU SEXY PEOPLE OMG I STILL CANNTO GET ENOUGH I CANNTO BREATHE
I am sexy and I know it :-#
and omfg the stage now these sexy ladies akdndlandksnakcnskdbdj
Fuck this I'm off to watch Ghost Adventures. Need a fix of that sexy Zak Bagans ;) bye twitter! I'll tweet my reactions when I can
Listening to my voice on voxer is hilarious... One minute I'm dumb loud then the next I have on my sexy voice LMAOO
I had like four consecutive dreams about Batman. None of them included Sexy Batman.
Texting Courtie Sexy Ass, lol .
escutando Sexy and I Know It-  LMFAO  kk'
I'm sexy and i know it.. walang duda..
“@BrantleyMorgan: Tonight feels ....sexy? I dont know why but gimme love twitter dolls! Mentions! Follow! (: xo.” follow him!!!
Grab somebody sexy them 'hey'!
Good mornin to my sexy followers *Say It Back*
Musicalizando la mañana, sexy and i know it
Sexy and I Know It. LMFAO ♫
Yall remember "Sexy Girl Anthem " that shit still be rideing
“@INKIE_BARBIE: Pauly D is Sooo sexy... Pauly D if u see this tweet I'm DTF!!! LOL ;)” SLORE ! lol
The guy I like said he is writing a song, then asked me to sing it. The person that sings it has to be a sexy bar dancer. I said I was not..
THEY ARE FUCKING HOT! GODDAMN SEXY!! /CRIES/
huh , I wish there werent so many sexy dudes in my family .. such a teaseee . lls
Megan fox is still a sexy chick
grab somebody sexy tell em ...yoooo
Owwaaaaa..... SHINee BAND!!! Look at Jjong's sexy arms ♥__♥
I'm sexy and i know it
youtube >:( .ashh YOUTUBE ELIMINO Sexy and I Know It DE LMFAO JSCHBH  AHHHH LOS ODIOOO
Being sexy is a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it
I'm sexy and I know it!
Sushi for dinner. What's more sexy than raw fish ?! hotdate
Ths msg cn only b read by a SEXY person - Nothing? Soz, I guess UR just not SEXY But hey, i Didnt force it ugly, so get lost!
I always call 'The real her' the sexy song , lol .
Louis_Tomlinson happy birthday you sexy beast!jIdRWb
I have no problem with my girl making more money than me I think it'd sexy doesn't make me any less of a man either lol
Watching The Kevin Bishop Show, Karen Gillan is just sexy adorable gorgeous.
omg IU in ~*~*~*~*~sexy~*~*~*~*~ clothes
got damn that girl sexy, ha momma got ass too!!
Colby with yo sexy ass ! Lol
Sexy and I know it ? More I'm ugly and I show it !
That white girl in A$AP Rocky "Purple Swag" video is too sexy.
Lol my british accent is too sexy !
*moving pelvis* I'm sexy and I know it! ♪♫
sexy girls now
I love Chris Brown's hip thrusts there so sexy ;)
Grab somebody sexy tell em hey! LOL kuat gila lagu dari lagoon~ *wiggling*
unexpected days off when you have a buncha shit to do are really fricken sexy. :)
Lol....I feel extra sexy this morning!!
MANNNNN THEY ARE SOOOO SEXY
I need to find a sexy dress for tonight!!! Very important business lol
You will never have that sexy Texan drawl when terms of endearment are forced through your fish lips.
For some reason I find the Mr. Roger's collared shirt, tie, & buttoned cardigan look sexy as hell on men.
Ooo, there go my sexy bd in ny TL
Omg.. That sexy asian guy who works at UB in vmills leaves me breathless..
These Houston women say we gotta sexy accent
This white guy in the movie is sexy as hell :)
SEXY THE BOYS WERE AWESOME BABY
JONG YOUR SEXY ARMS
Ahahaha, aww man - dad: im losin weight Imma get my sexy back Cousin jeff: let us pray
I lowkey think It's sexy when she mad , even If she not mad at me.
Um some bout a sexy dark skin buff guy with a clean fade.... He ain't even gotta b tall if he packinINvB
Chelsea does not play sexy football like arsenal...argh! I wonder what chelsea love abt them
Sexy ass girl had me foold wit ha cock eyed ass, so i walkd off slowly.!
GO GOG GOGOGOGOG ADAM U ROCK KYAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH KWON AH WHY SO MAINLU, GAIN AH WHY SO SEXY
I'M SEXY AND I KNOW IT B-)
Channing Tatum is one sexy boy.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah! M sexy n I know it..;)
Tay ping hui sexy voice
RobinThicke is a sexy white man!
im sexy and i know it!!!
What does it mean when you find a chewy bit at the bottom of a bottle of milk? .Oh, and Happy New Year to you all, you sexy bunch!!!!
AHH FUCK THEY'RE SO SEXY AND HOTTTTTT ! OMGOMGOMG ♥
Austin Moon, just... Just sexy °-°
Good Morning To All My Beautiful Twiches & Sexy Twiggas
Lil nap with my sexy nephew before .tonight wahooooo
I'LL DO MY BEST TO FULFILL MY ALL-TIME-NEW-YEAR'S-RESOLUTION.... TO LOSE WEIGHT!!!! NOT JUST TO BE SEXY, BUT FOR A HEALTHIER LIFE! ;)
Lmfao- I'm sexy and I know it
Why did I everr like chris browwn :s ? Justin bieber is the way to go :$ he's sexy af !
the truth is sexy
An interim course of Mince and potatoes (like a sexy warm cuddle) all washed down with Sipsmith's Gibson's... Now dessert
Sweet dance "Trouble Maker" sexy !!!
I'm not wearing a dress for new years like everyone else.. I wanted to go sexy but clothed up... I can't get no sicker lol.
you too sexy for dat doe ;)
Going to be super sexy today and wear my knee brace. -__-
Last minute preparations for a Grown & Sexy new year :)
GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY, TELL THEM HEY....HEY!
sexy and i know it♪
Soooo so waa?? Mi sexy & mi can do mi ting. Everyting fi keep him so if yuh doh like it, DIE n fuck off
HAPPY NEW YEAR, YOU SEXY BAMFS!!!
She getting sexy with her hair all did
Please let me know if any ND fans would be interested in a sexy Notre Dame Football calendar Offense & Defensive Line Edition of course!
I'm feeling sexy and free :)
I'm bringing sexy back. Yeaaaaahhhh.
im sexy and i know it
Goddamn you sexy ;)
HUYNA ISNT AS SEXY AS GAIN N KWON IS HANDSOME MADLY AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
WOW JongHyun took off his coat...sexy man....
im not really like sistar cuz they too sexy
Throw a lil sexy in my mood today Chris brown ft fat joe - another round
TAEMIN PLAYING THE GUITER AND MINHO ON DRUMS SEXY AJAKKDKABS S
I'M BRINGING SEXY BACK, YEA.
I'M SEXY AND I KNOW IT KKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Today's Mantra; I'm Sexy and I Know It.
I hate seening a sexy ass nigga in a hot ass car but wen he gtt out he gtt on some damn busted ass clothes & shoes , smh
Grab somebody sexy tell 'em HEY, GIVE ME EVERYTHING TONIGHT!
My tummys gonna hurt soon..too much food..and I still gotta fit in a sexy chocolate cake! :(
Why is Drake like really sexy. Someone just tryyyy to tell me that.
Bon Jovi you sexy beast.
She's not Cute,Sexy,Bad or Pretty. She is BEAUTIFUL
im fucking sexy,how am i single?
Im sexy and I know it
DO YOU NFUCKING SEE TAMEIN OH MYG OD HES SO FUCKING SEXY
i jus herd this nicki minaj song. so sexy. but what was it called??
He's a dark,SEXY chocolate man!!
Abs Hurting From Belly Dancing Oooow Weeee Some More lol About To Be Sexy In A Min. Lol
No discrimination I will still sweat yo sexy out
LMFAO - Sexy and I know it (Official Music Video)  luister in armenie !
I dont know why its like that, but your just so godamn sexy when your mad.
Hduzgjeksjxnndomfg so sexy Rock version with drum and everything
Happy New Year, sexy! :* AND PICK UP YOUR PHONE. love you.
I'm sexy and u know it babies!
I just passed my brother.. his car is si sexy..
A big hug and kiss to all the lovely, sexy women out there, keep smiling.
I'm so glad I have a sexy boyfriend who can sing to me??
"@KatWilIiams: "You're too sexy to be single." For one I'm not single. And secondly, Bitch you're too ugly to be flirting with me."
IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT!
jjong so sexy *_____*
ooh sexy shinee,
shiit my girl is wearing heels and a sexy dress.
I just saw a sexy Jew lol .. With the beanie hat thing and all haha whoa LA baby I tell you !!
Its a sexy sequel baby
OMG JONG LONG NOTES judgskdfhbd SEXY SHINEE U ROCK
can't wait to wear my sexy heels tonight.
Meek Mill so sexy
Omg. Lee Jink! You so sexy tonight!!! Wink!!! Omgomg. Your stares today are awesome!!!
So i'm losing followers F-it cause all my cute followers still following...lol! S/O to all my sexy followers!=)
Come buy your last minute sexy outfits.
I'm bringing sexy back! lol jk My sexy never left tho
We will take OVER uptown charlotte tonight as ALWAYS. Sexy ladies on the move! Lets get it. Lol
Onew, eres tan sexy... (?) Maldito pollo !
I like this iPhone.... It's sexy. Why do they have to change everything.
I need a cute sexy blazer to wear where can I find one
There ain't nothing that's more sexy Than a girl that want but don't need me...
Hahahahhaa los met papa op sexy And i know it in de auto
Idk if I wanna wear my outfit I brought lastnight or get sexy & go outtttt ;)
Chris brown is sexy
greg james is sexy and he knows it.
Sexy and i know it... La que me pusieron a mi para bailar!!! xD
Sexy so fucking sex
Goodmorning to my sexy tweeters :) loll
Stop calling yourself sexy. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.
"@_OneThatGotAway: Telling a girl she's beautiful instead of sexy >>>>>>>>>>>"
JONGHYUN UR NECK STILL SO SEXY
gain was so friggen sexy performing trouble maker. me gusta very much.
JONGHYUN HIGH NOTE SO SEXY
alicia tyler is so sexy... she's the only hoe i'd turn into a housewife
Grab somebody sexy tell 'em hey!
Diggy Simmons& Justin Combs are soooo freakiin sexy omg
SO FUCKING SEXY OMG.... I CAN'T ;~;
Oh bacon,  you sexy piece of pig.
With his lil Sexy , Smöoth , SAVEE ass (;
OMG WHY ARE YOU SO SEXY MINHO WHEN ARE YOU GONNA STOP BEING SEXY!
All day at the comp making a super sexy lady look amazing. I think she already does but hey a woman gets what a woman wants ......
My boo thang sexy ass fuck!!!! Not gone lie!!! Thicker than a snicker! She got that good good!
Lil Girl: You got some sexy hands Me: -___- uhhhh, thanks.
Essa sou eu viciada em Sexy And I Know It :)
I wish I was a leopard :( my legs look sexy.
hey sexy beautifull lady
Slowwwwwwww sexy while we Sexin
please i can pull it off “@FREEStateRoad "@NiagaraHaLL: So is it wrong to get sexy on cruches?" cdfuu let that go”
I'm sexy and I know it (;
Sexy. Stoked to begin using this.
OMG ONEW DID YOU BREAK VOICE TOO HAHAHAH OMG SEXY TOFU .
send in your shout outs, new year resolutions and more for the sexy sassy succulent swagon mama  pascaline to pass em on
Pauley so got damn sexy!!! Damn daddy.
Miller you sexy fucking bastard!
Partyrock i am sexy and iknowit
'you some other type of sexy , sexy baby , you imagine me an you makin' love like crazy'
ou vindo Sexy and I Know it
KEYS EYES SO SEXY RENFWERNJM I CANNTO BREATHE
stroking to sexy things on tumblr. Want to cam soon!
KEY DID YOU JUST BREAK VOICE :D SEXY DIVAAAA .
I AM SEXY AND I KNOW IT!
key you sexy vixen
Goodmorning sexy faces -'
Sad i can't wear my Lil sexy new years Eve dress tho lol but its cool
TAEMIN YOU SEXY MAN YOU.
It Trina wasn't so sexy nobody would listen to her AT ALL ..
though I really like Unity. Sexy sexy unity.
Having A leka Dance Session....ByRon Killing me sexy!!!
Niall and Louis - you just sexy guys) :D .xx
S/O to chrisbrown for being sexy AF youdoit
A sexy ass nigga is waiting for me ;)
mhmm I had this dream of this really sexy boy and then a meteoroid shower came and I lost him:(
Trina looks mad sexy in that red bottoms video
damn you sexy.
He says " Cause I love the color then you have a mole on it so its sexy "
i love my sexy cousion adam loads:)xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Trina is soooo sexy! I'm happy ppl think I look like her. She body is CRAY!
Grab Somebody Sexy Tell Em' HEYYYYYYYY GIVE IT EVERYTHING TONIGHT .
I'm using a Christmas bg, but i don't give a shit. It's fucking sexy.
"@day_nuuh: Feeling like such a Debbie downer today " change tht or no sexy time later !!
Yonghwa is so sexy *-*
That Bear Grills is really quite sexy..
Good morning! Today Mark comes home from the hospital! [does a sexy dance]
ONEW YOU SEXY LEADER
Damn she sexy
Lolz he makes me laugh really sexy though
grab somebody sexy and tell them hey
I'm sexy and I know it !!
& S/O everyone getting sexy tonite :-*
If I had tygas voice I'd just rap to myself all day , his voice is too sexy
I have some passion in my pants and I'm not afraid too show it. I'm sexy and I know it hehehe
no longer blond Taemin ;o; wae you was too SEXy like this!
Drank in my cup - Kirko Bangz sexy ass ♥
RMD is a sexy grown man damn
Getting so Sexy TONIGHT !!!
Look like you sexy
I don't tlk to u an u c my pics an say there sexy
"@NiagaraHaLL: So is it wrong to get sexy on cruches?" cdfuu let that go
Twitter is currently down for maintenance....Ce sexy!
It's an incredible feeling when you listen to that Neyo & Pitbull song & actually grab somebody sexy and tell them "Hey".
MINHO HAIR IS FUCKING SEXY OMFGKJHGFDXFCVGHJ
FU JÄRGMINE ON SEXY AND I KNOW IT!!??!?!??!?!?!??!?!? köige lollakam laul üldse
girls that can dance are sexy
Jus finished my "stay sexy" workout and I feel amazing. I also realized that I have the thighs of a thoroughbred stallion....#TeamFitness
i want a pole in my room when im older so i can dance for my man *flips hair and gives sexy look* lmao
I need some Cleveland women tonight in my VIP, sexy ladies lets party
I'm sad because I can't wear my Christmas socks any more, but happy because I'm wearing a sexy dress tonight :)
So is it wrong to get sexy on cruches?
no one knows how excited I am for tomorrow. last year I was HUGE on the verge of labor lol this year I got me a sexy ass dress :D
nice sexy kiss on the mouth (Y)
Seeing as how I work tonight, I might as well be sexy
I need breakfast in bed...and somebody sexy to serve it to me.
But still sexy :D "@lawnraykingpin: And too old"@mZ_alero: Tyrese is tooo sexy!""
lmfaooooo RT“@FuckUMean_Sarah: The music outside in my apartment woke me up it was loud as shit playing I'm sexy and I know it -_-”
Grab somebody sexy & tell'em Hey!
Hope you sexy beasts out there had a blast celebrating new. Drink safe!
If you sexy, eat my cocaroll ;)
She's sexy
Bought a katy perry calender today cos the rihanna one wasn't that sexy
RobKardashian is one sexy kardashian RT if you agree!!!
omfg. i hate when twitter is over capacity. TWITTER STOP BEING SO SEXY !
My girl ! hot like june in a summer ....
My Girl Got Me Likin Hot sauce & Ranch On My Pizza.
This white girl is just eyeing me.. Minddd yuhself mi a hot head enuh
Want a hot white girl man
This girl wants me to apply hot pink nail enamel. Whatte girl.
...Ya girl say that I'm hot, and I told her I agree..She gon really think I'm hot if I told her my degreez
Girl....crissy u r Da BOMB!!! I can't wait for y'all to get marry I know its gone b HOT"!"" KP UP GD WORK
"my husky...she's basically a hot girl" -Bryz is my new favorite man.
Girls who act like blokes are not hot. Seeing a girl's BBM pm like \
I had an idea. You know what would have made the transformers series waaaay better? Cut all human cast except hot Aussie girl....
Holy mother of Jesus! A hot Chinese girl just hugged me wishing me a happy new year! Damn!!!!
(What you need boy?) I need a hot girl (What you want boy?) I want a hot girl.
The best way to pick up a girl is to comment on their status with "you're fucking hot" or "sexy"
I saw fireworks when I saw you girl :) damn you're hot :)
I have a hot girl on my arm buddy show respect, something crazy and Asian, Virginia tech
Seeing a hot girl sing Rihanna-talk that talk is soooo sexy.
I'm guessin its warm in that building cuz every girl is in shorts or short dresses...ahhh lighting makes it hot n the routines.
Isn't it amazing that Draupadi for my daadi, is the "its very very hot, rupa thermocot girl" for my generation.
Don't you wish your girl friend was hot like me
Yooo I hate being the new girl at work cause u gotta be nice...this boy betta get out my face and take his hot breath wit him!
This girl rockin the finger waves ..... I hear that hot shyt o_O
the girl in the To The Stage video is hot
Girl:"Do you belive in love at first sight?" .Boy:"Depends if she's hot."
that girl <<< smh , hot mess , & ugly lol
This girl just said he is so hot. Smh lmao
Tuck ya girl she kind of hot fam, I'm pretty sure that she my fan!!
Boy: she's hot.  Girl: she's a slut.
Woooooo, hot girl. LOL 
Some body help me..! I need hot girl friend.
Girl... I think your bodys so hot, you aint a trophy but I gotta show off
strongly considering taking a hot water bottle tonight,stomachs agony ... hate being a girl (just incase you didnt catch my drift)
Some girl on facebook said smoking weed looks hot on black people. and not white people LOOOL fuck off, does skin colour really matter?
That awkward more met when a hot girl walks by and sits next to you, and you're thinking by yourself "Act normal",and you the weirdest thing
How gay is sharing a bed? I just wanna kick this girl out but I'm too lazy/it's too hot maybe I'll just go play FIFA
Watching Factory Girl, Sienna Miller is hot!
I want a threesome with a hot girl & a guy from my new years sex !
Hi, I'm a twelve y/ old girl: & I think I'm hot shit because I'm holding a red cup in my profile picture which actually contains koolaid!(;
I like my bro's girl friend ...she is Beautiful ..she is rich..she is decent..she is hot, she is FTW ;)
Your girl think I'm hot
So it's New Year's Eve. Is it just me who's staying inside tonight with a hot chocolate, Gossip Girl and One Tree Hill? :)
That girl from Vampire Diaries hot or what?!?! Had a crush on her since the first time i watch that show. hahahah
Hey girl that works at ugly rooster, your really hot
My boyfriend said my name should be Hailey bc that's a hot girl name. He also called Erik a big head and said he'd kick him in the privacy.
whose party? mine? no. i told u lil girl, im coming to urs for a hot sec
'Girl, I'm a hot damn mess, I found out my hamster was pregnant in biology class and I just started weeping.'
god the state some of people, seen a girl like bright orange, crop top, hot pants fishnet tights and loads of makeup really?
hot perf from the blaqies~ didn't that girl's top broke? :o
Katy Perry on looks hot when she looks like that Zooey girl.
Chat up line of the day: "Do you have any fivers?" Hot girl defo wanted to go with me :)
I always used to be the shy girl, not a hot girl, a not your type girl, i never cared about the cool clothes, or the right shoes. :D
I forgot to turn the hot water on, clever girl
oooohhh! Hot blonde girl just passed :))
I don't know why girls bitch when their boyfriend calls another girl hot, he's probably right.
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blond hair, huge boobs, brown eyes. Girl: So I'm not hot? Boy: I described a hot girl not the perfect one...
I wish I had a girl friend so I could get her these low cut hot pink uggs... They are def Icey
My girl want to go to the hot tub and chill... I'm thinking who has that type of time today!!!! Not me but I want to go
saw cute girl and hot guy. lmao
How can my man hot u in front of ur girl ... Den later ask you for directions .. U can never ask agen .. Am I a prick? coz clearly u r lool
On my way to work. Hot girl.
Take the job. I did. I keep losing money though. DeepBunk Wow, this hot Russian girl just tweeted me, and offered me an seesmypotential
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is amazing and Rooney Mara is hot hehehe
hot girl that works in hollister winked at me...pretty sure she's not paid to do that ;)
Hey girl, when a guy followed u doesn't mean that you're SO HOT, he just wanted you to follow him bk and he'll unfollow u doll ;*
SHEETTTTT SHEEETTTT THIS GIRL IS HOT AS FUCKKK ...... AS FUCKKKKK !!!!!!!! HOT AS FUCKKKKKKKK
The lil girl say the bible is ah hot book i see hell in her furture
Girl on train "her singing is shit hot but her choreography literally bores me to tears, it makes me want to hurt myself, like cut myself"
Lmao im kidding u are... Iwan ko ba its hot seeing a lwft handed girl write :) gottaloveje
Girl on train "Her singing is shit hot, but her choreography bores me to tears, it makes me want to hurt myself, like literally cut myself."
So yesterday, I finally flirted with this really hot deaf girl, and she told me that we should talk sometime. So what did she do today?  ...
This blond girl from "Hannah Montana" is way too hot!!! Jesus!!!
FUCKING HELL That Girl Is HOT! I'm Following Her For Sure. Jesus. Maybe I Am A Lesbian?
The way this girl behind me on my bus is taking pictures of herself! Gain on like she's hot stuff man!
Girl in the pink is so hot
the girl on the right is so hot jfc.
just started freaking cause i saw a ugly girl on a hot guys knee, then realised they were related, phew
Bruno is so hot in the 'It will rain' video. I wish I was that girl.
girl you wear shorts THAT short you think hot ah.
All Hot girl put ur hands up n say ' Happy New year'.... =D
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl
girls in sports jerseys are almost as hot as a girl in spandex. love those volleyball/tennis girls.
Painting my nails, dying my hair and going to the tanning bed. Spending the day putting on my hot girl disguise for NYE ;-)
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl"
I can't sleep with socks on. My feet get hot. Just like I can't have sex with socks on. :-/.. I'm the girl so that's just weird...
The girl who was hot at my job definitely was on her period..... Lookin preggo and shit...
So you niggas won't approach a hot girl because she's wearing wedges? Twitter is lying to you niggas.
Yo girl say im hot, I told her I agree
Woke up next to a really hot girl...then I realized I moved my mirror to my bed last night.
Damn.. Dude. What the fuck.. I'm too cool... !! Damnitstrue man... Sorry girl. I'm too hot to you..
(Waiting for a girl like you) The light shines It's getting hot on my shoulders I don't mind,this time it doesn't matter. Cause your friends
A girl's just as hot as the shoes she choose.
Saw a tshirt (on a girl) today, which said - "I am HOT online ! " :)
The girl working at the mccafe near tang's plaza is damn hot!!!
HA!!! Katy Perry and Rusell Brand might be divorcing. This is the saddest end to a hot  girl/annoyin
Call a girl beautiful instead of hot. Sexy instead of damn. Make her feel special & loved. ♥
"When you are courting a nice girl, an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinde, a second seems like an hour."
There aren't enough hot all girl metal bands.. Us guys need some to fan girl over :P
caliFAWNia You remind me of Penny from "The Big Bang Theory" She's a hot girl that moved to Cali fro
"Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl"
my girl u look so hot every time u step out inna pum pum shorts...♫♪♫
I hate it when a hot guy or a pretty girl has facial piercings. They're horrible.
“@Sunnyy_SS: Seeing a hot girl and saying 'check the chittar on that'.she turns around & u clock she's indian *bbm hand over eyes face*” lol
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl”
Seeing a hot girl and saying 'check the chittar on that'.. To find she turns around and you clock she's indian *bbm hand over eyes face*
A hot girl can open my eyes, a smart girl can open my mind but only a sweet girl will ever open my heart.
A guy as ugly as Russell Brand, divorcing a girl as hot as Katy Perry. Makes you wonder WTF she did wrong?
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl.
Girl I got ya so hot so push it on me!
I tell your girl she's hot and your mad because I said that? moron
Mm really hot girl on the train
Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & umm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl
Ohhhh the girl with flat chest so effing hot.
Girl: Describe a hot girl. Boy: Blonde hair, blue eyes & hmm.. Girl: Then guess I'm not hot. Boy: You never said describe a perfect girl
Girl, you could be my hot mess.
Why do ppl hate justin,i mean why,he is cute,sexy,hot,adorable,flawless n everything what a girl wants in a boy.
You chose a freaking malaysian over a hot bule girl......? Yeahh..? I don't freaking get you....
I have been sending blank emails to the hot girl in my office. Will she get the message?
U?change ur mind?like a girl?changes clothe?..........u r hot?N u r cold?lllllllllll
“@elleboogiee: Gm tweeps”~ GM Chica!! How is my Golds family doing? Girl since I've been out of town, someone ousted me from PF, I'm hot!
Justin " I would rather call a girl beautiful or pretty; rather than hot or sexy. "
That look you give your friend when a hot girl walks past.
When all of us guys say that that's a hot girl all the girls sitting with us say the opposite
DoniaLuvsU omg. Me too. Ur like the girl version of me. Except way more hot n way more swagg. Lol. FTWICj
Adoro l'inizio di video girl "the jonas brothers, it's sooo hot" AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
XD awww yeaa a hot girl stared at meee !!!..
I saw this caucasian girl reading kardaeshian's mag. The reader herself is hot. :D
just heard honey cocaine... Google her dammit the girl is hot!
the girl in the 'She" video is sooo hot
Layla_Lux just found you on here. You are steamy hot girl!
A hot chick next to me at Kaleva seemed like a nice Punjabi girl. Till she received a call on her BB and started shouting in Bengali.
HOT new singer Sunday Girl was left in hysterics after a flasher rocked up on shoot
walked up in here and my manager said "got damn you look a hot mess girl" smh, im tired as hell. lol
'Hot damn. You look so appalled. My girl super thick, your girl has no ass at all.' - Chrissy Poo
That awkward moment when: Chris brown sees a hot girl &&'d says "id hit that"
Dayyuum, Cici from New Girl is HOT.
That awkward moment when the hot girl you see at work every day sees you crying over the loss of a set of earbuds.
HOT AS HELL LIKE A BAD GIRL SHOULD
ultra-hot/perfect girl: "oh guys, i'm so ugly look at my.. look at my.. toe. it's horrid." ugly friend: *gets toe job to look like hers* ._.
I think I'm the only girl alive that's never drank a hot drink, tea/coffee/hot choc eww
HonestyHour it's hot when a girl TwerksXyE
Girl on girl action isn't hot.. It's disturbing!
Amazed that a girl is wearing just denim hot pants and a tee today in the rain and cold!
But back to that girl / she prolly still listen to The block is hot - lil Wayne & that juvenile shxt Soulja rag
Now there are tons if cosplayers at least there some hot asian girls doing it but omg one of the fighters came out cosplaying as a girl
Tom Cruise is a sexy short man, Simon Pegg is funny and the girl that is in it is HOT!!
Guy: She's hot .Girl: She's a slut . .Girl: He's hot .Guy : He's gay
For example. You drive by a hot girl and yell, "oh yeah! F me!" and drive off.
She's a hot girl
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute.
And lol, calling a girl 'hot' isn't exactly romantic, but it's Adam so meh.
If a guy does a bass cover on youtube people comment on how good or bad he is; when it's a girl they comment how hot or ugly she is =_=
Also, this other bitch, I said "white girl mob" and she thought I said "biker mom." why would I go into hot topic to buy a biker mom shirt..
The girl infront of me is so hot.
Ya girl said I'm hot, man I told her I agree.
Girl with glasses = she's hot
So, the black cat is actually a hot Black girl :O
So let me get this straight... if a girl has a good push-up she's hot?
I just had a dream where a really nice, hot girl was @ mine and asked me to be her girlfriend. I was like um no I just want to make out...
Girl: I'm so hot. Boy: Yes, you are.
ohhh the hot asian girl that used to work here is visiting mmmmmmmmm
Goa.  Saw hot looking girl with her boy. Looked a mismatch. And then she spat. Repeatedly. Match made in heaven after all
girl, you are a HOT MESS.
That girl with bangs who drove Mini Cooper S is the defination of hot!
Girl- Hey your hot want to come over? fuck no your probly some casey anthony shit on americans mostw
High five girl,guyz ar problems just as muc as d hot babes with bump shorts @ d beach.
“@bitemyrican Girl you hot like a bowl of hot soup
You are who you wear its true, a girl is just as hot as the shoe she choose
Girl you tooooo tall for yo pussy to tower over everybody and it smell like hot garbage and old milk!!
Nothing like a hot Columbian to start my morning. Just freshly ground coffee, though. Not a brown skinned young girl.
Dnt attach hot to ur display name, ur easily the ugliest girl I've seen this year
Ummm, so Russell Brand can do better? No matter how hot a girl is, someone somewhere is tired of f-cking her......
Girl you hot like a bowl of hot stew .
*Justin runs to the kitchen, makes u hot chocolate and pancakes with your favorite topping* Justin: here you go baby girl. (c)
‎#Imagine Justin: "Quick, put on your sunglasses! My girl, (ur name) is walking over." Ryan: "Why?" Justin: "For safety.. shes so hot." ♥
Girl you hot like a bowl of hot stew :)
Why is it so hard for me to not flirt with the hot therapy girl damgirlyoufine
Dreamed tonight that the hot girl I used to be after in school became now driver of a dust cart while I'm in uni LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Hot Damn girl, your X-Men is a dumbass...One Mans trash is another Mans Treasure
She get drunk and get on that bad girl shit...lol...like she the hot shit
She is a Polish girl in America, tall, tan, hot blonde called Anya.
aye girl your kinda of hot! how you doin?
Someone on Facebook just said her favorite band is Justin Bieber, he's hot, and all girls hate girl
My girl is a nigga. Real life, a fuckin hot head lol
Zooey would also never do one of those dumb "throw glasses on a hot girl and then pretend she's ugly" movies. Oh wait.
A straight man and a hot girl cannot be friends. That shit is impossible!
I'm from utah and looking for hot girl to shear fun with as
I went to the laundry matt and saw this pretty little girl and her father and I felt so happy for her but then hot sad smh
Its crazy. I'm to hot to be spending New Years wiLl a girl I want. This is insane. I'm sad
I'm bouta open my window a lil ya girl fcking hot.
You are so rich so hot so beautiful , But she is the girl of my dreams i only love you♥
Im hot in your girl mouth
You know I have a style of an ordinary girl... Not gonna change it.. Cause I'm hot like that )) lol
I hate how someone looks horrible in a pic but have those friends that know they are lying when they say. Ohhh girl you look hot.
My girl is hot, she look gorgeous, she beautiful, stunning; dam she's cute
I'd rather have a cute boyfriend who's dorky but a total sweetheart, than a really hot guy who flirts with every girl.
Noooo!!! Jealous down!!! Nonhle Thema is a hot girl!! Jesu!! Her avatar!!! Now if only she can just adjust her attitude...but..MUHLE BO!!
“@AlexYTN: i need a hot girl to take a picture with me tomorrow night” I'm hot soooo....
Boy girl cold day blanket fireplace tea/hot chocolate disney movie=perfect. Being single is terriblesGpmG
RT"@cleveing: The hot girl next to me in class just fell asleep. Maybe I should fall asleep too...so I can tell my friends I slept with her.
i need a hot girl to take a picture with me tomorrow night
That awkward moment when u add a HOT girl on facebook, she accepts it,then writes on your wall... "Thanks for the add but, do I know you??"
Always funny to see who rappers follow.. it's either another rapper or some hot girl with an exotic name
RT@Laughbook:  The hot girl next to me in class just fell asleep. Maybe I should fall asleep too...so I can tell my friends I slept with ...
Same black dude: "you still hot, I think smoking cigarettes is gross but when you do it's hot. Ya good girl."
Oh she a good girl I got her transforming.. She give me hot head, call that global warming ..
Oh shit .. Hot damn , girl you're thicker than a Christmas ham ..
Am The Girl you want your daughter to be. Am The Girl you want your son to date. Am Beautiful Stylish Classy Sassy Hot & Sexy
Girl, why u so hot? ): Hahaha.
Which girl thinks I'm hot? :|
Any hot and single girl available tonight? :p
my girl is hot, be jealous.
that awkward moment when u think a girl/guy is damn hot then the bf/gf walks in
Its amazing when a cute girl has the guts to get into a moshpit. Hot damn!
Eh eh heads up that someone noticed that the girl in next day no air is freaking hot
Do guys just go through their phone and text every hot girl they know to find a date for NYE?! Lol
The girl on my tv right now is so hot
The hot girl next to me in class just fell asleep. Maybe I should fall asleep too...so I can tell my friends I slept with her.
this asian girl is fucking hot, omg.
What girl doesn't like been called beautiful and gorgeous instead of hot and sexy !! :)
The hot girl next to me in class just fell asleep. Maybe I should fall asleep too...so I can tell my friends I slept with her."
i should take me and my girl on a hot air ballooon ride
“@alyssahalvarez: “@AyeIbrahim: Hot ass showers > ”good cuz yo ass smelllllllll ” It's just your upper lip girl
Idk how I feel about the girl in Charlie St cloud she was hot sometimes than other times she wasn't lol
I want a hot girl to feed me pecans. :}
Yo Girl Outfit Call Dat Shi Ah Hot Mess !
Woke up horny again this morning, where's my hot girl?? Xxx
Only hot girl is Jenny vXpqGv
WHAT'S A 'HOT GIRL'
And he teased me about thinking that girl is hot. She is kay. I need to pee.
you found a hot girl at a party? too bad it was a family reunion
It's a shame when you see a hot girl and know you'll never talk to her again
Girl you got ne hot, popping up at my spot.
No girl gives a fuck whether your smart or not, as long as your "hot" or "fit"
Man this girl honey cocaine is HOT
RichlyMadeDoe girl that ain't nothing either lol hot spot on both my devices and the kindle and the
HOT Girl On Girl Action >>
polar bear onesie + hot tea + couch + disney channel = this girl
Breaking The Girl-Red Hot Chili Peppers
When we were driving we saw  ah HOT ASS GIRL we started wavin at her & shit hah she was just smilin :)
This girl really thinks she is hot shit. Bitch have u seen me! Let's be for real!!! U ain't nothing... I'm kind of awesome!
