Girls don't get mad over nothing. It might be small or stupid, but there's always a reason.
To the stupid selfish bastards letting fireworks off for no reason : I hope you hideously maim yourselves.
“@GirlMemories Girls don't get mad over nothing. It might be small or stupid, but there's always a reason.”
RT|"@GirlMemories: Girls don't get mad over nothing. It might be small or stupid, but there's always a reason."|
Let's see if I can get back to sleep. If I can, bet I get called for some stupid reason to do shit.
why do i live for is there reqally a reason i am alive still ? i mean i am not good and stupid and i should just give up
"Your jaw sticks out, I think that part of the reason why you look so stupid"
Reason I been stuck on stupid & in love & blinded is becuz I saw the good in him when everyone else saw the bad
I know exactly what's bothering me today, it's stupid but for some reason it still bothers me, what happened to "mind over matter"
I think I want a iPhone. For a stupid reason tho lol
hate when my phone acts stupid shit shut off for no reason
Happy new year! All Happy fucking new year! Stupid holiday for stupid people! Another reason to drink
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
All I'm seeing on fb nd Twitter is New Yrs plans... Yall better be safe tonight niggas act stupid for no reason on nights like this... Smh
Ask before assuming & being mad for no reason. Your stupid !
Ur the only reason y I keep this stupid tweet :)
Seriously you stupid god damn cell phone. There is no reason you can't make words I use constantly like "too" show up in autocorrect.
All the damn time then what fucking respect do you deserve? Its part of the reason why Nigeria won't move forward. Stupid entitled 'adults'
Lol I still think it was stupid when someone asked Justin about rape and he was like, "Everything happens for a reason"
If you didn't say stupid shit then there would be no reason to carry you . Tf ?
I'm jus now findin out if u block somebody,when they mention u u can't see it,that's the only reason I ain't responded to that stupid shit
Twitter acting stupid for what reason?
Stupid tfb ._. This is the reason why I use this
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, and making fun of each other, i fell in love with you.
Freak la I cried like one shit cos of that stupid reason again. -_- From the reason drag until the new reason -_-
You judge me but no reason ? haha, STUPID ! LOOK YOUR SELF PLEASE !
Up STUPID EARLY for no damn reason! Goin back to sleep! -__-
All it really takes to piss me off is to wake me up outta my sleep for a stupid reason
We gotta stop doing stupid shit for no reason
The reason why United is always strong and despite these stupid loses, is that they have an strong and built technical corp.
I think I slept thru last newyears too. S/O to those that need a reason to go stupid. Shit I celebrate when I want!
I look stupid. Laughing without a reason.
FFS!! My Personal statement didn't save for some stupid fucking reason and now i've only got my original copy and not my new one. FUCK!
The ONLY reason I'm up right now is bcus , some stupid ass , ignorant , immature , fuckface was banging on my damn door .
Stupid blackberry, flashing for no reason -_-
i think its stupid if you hate on someone without any good reason to
And it's even more annoying because I always come early for some stupid reason
Omg, for the most stupid reason ._. I'm not even your boyfriend so ofcourse Brodie can have me LOL
the awkard monent when ss not neq year becuse yo were stupid ans staywd in qld for nyfor no good reason
Oh dats the reason... "@LordVino: Nani's haircut is stupid"
fell asleep so early last night im waking up stupid early for no reason. smh
Some stupid people just have an attitude of hating other people for no reason. Sucks being you, haters.
Hard to stay faithful bt for sum stupid reason I did stay faithful...
I don't wanna have kids when I grow up. The reason is stupid.
The only reason I'd wanna marry is so can play house on special days while my mistress cried herself to sleep. The stupid cunt deserves it.
i feel like playing because im stupid on the guitar for sum reason HAHA!
Yay. Changed my pic finally. Stupid IE was the reason.
Stupid people are the reason why God created the middle finger..
Omg, These stupid ass ppl in my mentions<<<<<<<< They ass gone be the reason I get off this bitch. Boutta piss me off shit!!
I always get the stupid childish bus drivers that think its jokes to turn the bus off.. For no reason
I hate when someone wakes me up for a stupid reason.
ɑ stupid uneducated truck driver just yelled at me for no reason,so I yelled at him back n let my middle finger did the talk >:(
for some stupid reason puppy love is in my head wehh
Crying for stupid reason, what a shame :"(
I know this is stupid but i dont get whats the big deal of NYE it just feels like another day to me except it gives me a reason to drink
Ditching your friends for no reason is one of the most stupid things someone can do.
Feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to go to the barbers today, I got my hair cut on Thursday for a reason
People is going out for count down and I have to stay home because of stupid reason fack
Some things put your life problems into perspective. Now I feel stupid for being upset for such a petty reason
I have been ignoring stupid people a lot lately, so if you haven't heard from me in a while that may be the reason.
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason
RT“@valerieeenicole: I get so pissed for no reason sometimes. And i never realize how stupid of a reason it was til after the fact.”
I get so pissed for no reason sometimes. And i never realize how stupid of a reason it was til after the fact.
Yes,everything Happens for a Reason,buht dont usee that as an Excuse to why You Make Stupid Decisions !
Don't ever try and give a hope if at last you leave her with stupid reason☺
I hate stupid motherfuckers that try to fight me for no reason.
STUPID ANNE. BUT FOR SOME REASON HE ONLY KILLS KID- oh wait he also killed mom, dad and bro...nevermind. OTL
I freaking miss shante'l dude! I miss all the stupid stuff she says for no dang reason! :'(
It ain't even shit to tweet about , I'm just over here being stupid trying to tweet for no reason
You are pathetic reason of a man ! I kno i fuckd up onu sum stupid she butt yu get the balls to do it in my face!
Girls don't get mad for no reason. It might be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason.
tmobile ain't shit! my phone bill coming up and i know its fina be stupid high for no reason.. -__-
The only reason why I hate reality… is because of the stupid mistakes humans make. Which is mainly why I say I'm a Krokorok.
My account keeps randomly unfollowing people for some stupid reason so tweet me if I unfollow you.
Hate it when I very seriously do not want to go to sleep. For no reason. Just refuse. Why? then I'm tired the next day. So stupid.
I'm tired of this stupid lil phone keep vibrating for no reason !
Never can go to bed on time. Always up late for some stupid reason..
When u realize both of us quarreled for no fucking reason. And lost all the trust. Is just stupid.
Shit I don't even fight bitches just cuz its stupid. If I have to I will but I know it ain't gonna be over a stupid reason.
That stupid cat is probably the reason my allergies go ham everytime im home. this never used to happen.....-_-
«@TiesAndTattoos I have a reason for EVERYTHING i do, even if the reason is stupid.»
the only reason I'm getting off this stupid computer is bc its dyeing :P
Had so much in store. .One more reason why drinking is on the same page with love - stupid fuckery.
I have a reason for EVERYTHING i do, even if the reason is stupid.
Yea that club was stupid!!!! Another reason I don't go out anymore!!
the only reason why i would make my account private would be soo those stupid ass fake accounts wouldnt tweet me!!!!!!!!
Gay people r as bad as black people.... Def always act stupid for no fuckin reason.
"Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions"
between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, longs talks, and making fun of each other...i've  falling in love with you lol
Stupid shit. And why the fuck you on my twitter any way. You find any reason to fight with me way? We don't even follow each other
RT"@BossMajek: I hate these stupid musicals, how can people just start singin and dancin for no fuckin reason."
I hate these stupid musicals, how can people just start singin and dancin for no fuckin reason.
Your my ex for a reason boo.. You're ass got caught slippin.. Stupid ass
u do stupid shit for no reason smh
It's a stupid reason because it is only a video game, but I hate dying -_____-
I feel stupid texting you knowing you won't reply, but for some strange reason I love how I still havent gaven up on you.
I unfollowed you for a reason. Now I get to see your stupid shit retweeted by someone else.
No reason why im sad xc fuck my depression man!!! I hate it soo much cause then I end up doing or thinking of stupid shit
My moms on her fucking period. Stupid Bitch getting mad at me for litterally no reason.
Sorry brea, Kyle knows why I'm dancing he just thinks the reason why is stupid. But fuck him. And not literally lol
"@DJZeeti: No reason for blacks to get mrried we too broke to celebrate the worsr mistake of our lives" lmao!!!!! You stupid lol
that give me all the more reason to tweet about his stupid self !
everything in my life sucks......my kids are the only reason im still in this stupid world
I always used to get confused on new years wtf! I thought we did the countdown in January for whatever reason.. Now it's stupid.
Marriage is stupid. It doesn't prove you love someone. They only reason why people get married anymore are legal/financial reasons.
i cant remember the last time i randomly tweeted for no reason - probably the last time I was doing this stupid boring shift!
I won't sorry, i did it for a reason that might be stupid now but it wasn't then so, suck it up!
Ima be mad for no damn reason lol Junior from my wife and kids is so damn stupid
I'll CUT your ass if you wake me up for a stupid reason!
I know everything happens for a reason but sometimes I wish I would've never had that stupid drug addiction problem..
fucking stupid jus looking for a reason to be mad smh get over yo self
The only reason I'm still up is because of that stupid movie.
The reason for their fight was FUCKING STUPID FUCK
If I stop hoping, I will loose my reason to live. I kinda need that. It keeps me from doing something stupid and rekless.
I just can't get over the fact that he broke up with her such a stupid reason.
For some stupid reason i like this person a lot.
Guys who acct stupid for no reason ..
Lmao for some reason I feel so stupid when laughing by myself to the tv
I think the reason I get so mad is because I fall for your stupid games
Hate when people do stupid stuff for no reason!
My ipod not charging at all; its acting mad stupid for no reason
I'm not being stupid for no reason, I was personally affected. So I have a reason for dislike.
Like that, right there. Stupid ass reason.
im so fucking down tonight :( at least its not for a stupid reason.
No more crying over stupid bitches if imma cry imma cry for a valid reason
I don't wanna see that Stupid bitch on my TL.. Im not following her for a reason.
For some reason even though I have never met you, I can tell we would never get along & you're one stupid fuck.
Iont like that shit, at least be stupid for a reason! dont just be sounding dumb for no reason
For some reason I am wide awake! Must be that stupid long ass nap I took
sb was acting stupid for some reason
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don`t use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
I'm sick of you . Wdf I need a reason to go off ppl fa ? This shit ain't no hobby of mine df ? And again it's stupid to you of course.
I love sam and ron together for some stupid reason
Really This Shit Childish And Stupid TF Stalkn To Page, Have NO Reason To
Oomf called me for a stupid reason
I want to talk to you for one reason right now. Please, Say, don't do anything stupid.
South park is the reason why America is stupid
myb tdy we do to others,but later they do to us,well,what goes arnd comes arnd..stupid reason doesn't count.
That's one reason why im single now! When dudes start talking stupid and tryna fuck, i ignore they ass!
People like you are the reason girls who desserve a good guy dont have one . You stupid whore .
When people dislike you for no reason>>>; because you get to laugh at how stupid and immature they are
Your stupid friends are the main reason why we argue!
Stupid Shit For No Reason
Don't give me stupid reason if you're not sure with it.
everyone always thinks I'm so smart , and the reason is because I always have stupid people surrounding me making me look better
..Mothafuckers who lie for no reason is so stupid ...
To top it off you mfs be fonking over some stupid ass reason .
Watching "crazy stupid love" and I'm excited for one reason, but I'll let y'all guess why ;)
If you are going to hate someone, by all means go ahead. But if you don’t have a reason to hate on them, then you are just being stupid.
Ppl act so freakin stupid for no reason
So the only reason my parents had Brad leave was so they could lecture me about their stupid laptop -_-
"@CityyBoyAlex: The reason i do stupid and the most outrageous shit is cause I love living life. Not immature just love to have fun"
This whole thing is so stupid! Lol, really lost a friend for no REAL reason. Wishing I could have my friend back, ANYDAY NOW
i was watching old sj mvs last night and realized the reason I didn't think shindong was handsome was cause those stupid bowl cuts
It's one thing to tell me "no" I can handle that but there is no reason for you to continue to tell me how stupid what I want is!!
I have thousand reason to stop, but, I always have other BUT, which makes me keep doing this stupid thing -___-
Stupid happy right now for no reason at all .
Uuh nice try. Thats the hole reason why i wanted to go to your gramas first. And then leave your stupid ass. Cause your a flake bitch.
For some stupid/weird reason I think Ariana didn't enjoy meeting me.
don't let "YOLO" be the reason for stupid decisions. YOLO isn't gonna get your derriere out of prison. stay safe this new years.
If ya ever wanna know the truth about something txt me at night cause for some reason Im stupid & pour out my feelings when it gets late ./:
For some stupid reason my BB charger doesn't want to charge my phone >:(
I'm so stupid... Everything happens for a reason I guess
For some stupid reason, we always think it's forever.
“@SarahYousif_: I feel stupid being awake at this time for no reason.”
Honestly I'm doing this for a stupid reason. Maybe I should just set them free and do something else ;~;
I never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there’s always a reason
Arguing is just about the stupid things that people want to hate people for. What else is the reason? I'm such a macula.
The only reason I could bump Lil B , is b/c he's THAT stupid & its kind of funny
Boys are so stupid.. Except the famous ones.. Ain't that ironic? Another reason to want 'em! (;
All the guys, girls, ppl who idnt like. My temper, my problems. Im not guna get mad over dum shit&fight for the right reason, no stupid shit
The way you put it made it seem like the only reason twitter isn't stupid is because your friend uses it. This is why I consider you a tool.
i hate when people have a tweet with RT if you "insert stupid reason to RT"
it's just I dont wanna lose you for some stupid reason....../:
so you mad for a stupid ASS reason .
Those Jersey shore people are a bunch of skanky idiots..but I won't hate cuz I watch thte show for some stupid reason
“@callMEinky “@iEatPrettyGirlz Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.””
Lmfaoo, I do stupid things for no reason.
That moment when you realize that your mad for no reason & feel really stupid< lmao
Calling people stupid with no reason wont make you any clever
"@laaurenrosa: I don't understand how people can just "not like" someone for no reason, or for the most stupid reason."RTRT
I don't understand how people can just "not like" someone for no reason, or for the most stupid reason.
hoe nappy hair hoes kill me ..REAL HAIR YU MEANT ..DES HOES STUPID ...HOES ALWAYS GOING FIND A REASON TO HATE..BITCH KEEP IT COMING #:-)
urgg my stupid computer keeps freezing for no reason
I trust that believing that one reason will keep me from feeling stupid
Females Never Get Mad For No Reason. It May Be Over Something Small Or Stupid, But There’s Always A Reason.
Ahhhh. I unfollowed you for a reason... Now people are Retweeting you and I have to see your stupid tweets. Darnit.
GOD made stupid people for a reason : so we all can feel good about ourselves 
been takin des stupid ass pics nd shit for no reason like wtf
for some stupid reason, i'm still waiting on a text from you that i know will never come.
Things I do is for a reason somtimes it might seem stupid at times but hey I did it
I never jus not like a person for no reason , Dats stupid ..trust me I have my reasons
LMFAO he the most stupid music but i like it for some reason .
I hate when ppl be acting stupid for no reason ! Shit I aint did shit to yu so all tht is not necessary. !
I was spazzing for a reason I would look soooooo stupid for so I rather not even say it.
fahREAL , she URKES me sayin stupid shit for NO reason poptart head ass ; leave me TF alone .  .@trapgirlSLIM .
the reason i don't reply to half my texts is because i check my phone, start to reply, then it pulls some stupid shit & i get mad & forget.
Guys listen - the only reason why girls put y'all in the friend zone is, they care about y'all too much to lose ya over a stupid break up
No the only reason people don't watch WNBA cuz that shit boring and it's stupid as fuck
I hate wen I smell weed randomly, cuz then I want some -_- and I can't get any for some stupid reason
Ok I'm tired and I'm starting to get mad for Noo reason. I need to stop tweeting before I do something stupid..
The only reason people laugh at me is because they think I'm stupid .
Girls are crazy and guys are stupid. But the main reason girls are crazy is because guys are stupid.
Main reason I spend most of my time on twitter is b/c EVERY TIME I get on Facebook I don see nun but stupid ass "LMS, TBH, rate me" games!
Even though it kills me that I can't be with you, I hold on...for some stupid reason.
Jackass reminds me so much of the stupid shit me and my sister be doin to each other smh we like each others misery for some reason lol
For some lame reason I really want the Gears Avatar  guns. I know it's stupid but it's the feeling that I won't be able to buy them again.
I was just eating a chocolate and for some stupid reason I flipped off the old lady on the See's Candies box.. I started choking after..
One main reason I hate new years is I look stupid writing the wrong year on everything.
There's no reason to ever carry around a fake Coach bag... unless you want to look real stupid
It kills when people act stupid w/ me fa no fxckin reason !
why am I crying again for the same stupid reason?
i never said i stoped likin u. we just stoped talkin for a stupid reason. nun up to me. u call the shots i just enforce them.
Smh had no reason not too! But i'll by the shit myself, I aint stupid!
Are you really stupid enough to say the only reason you're being nice to me is to see if you can win me back?...are you retarded?
Smh, That's A Stupid Reason What The Fuckkkk..I Hope He Say Yesss.
that is the most stupid reason for you to get mad at me
Stupid people are the reason I smoke.
From the time I've distanced myself from you, their is a valid reason & I'm pretty sure you're aware of it. Don't play stupid. -_-
my mom said that was a stupid reason so i had to apply anyway. plus i probably cant get in anywhere else in georgia. lol
stop texting me I dont reply for a reason stupid shit
Why do i get my phone taken away over the most stupid reason ever?????? .smh....i have problems
The only reason I don't like being sorta a ginger is that I look stupid in red shirts.
i hate when people are mad rude for no reason, like then you wonder why you have drama & no one likes you, stupid bitch ;o
Lol, I'm sitting here crying for no reason. Well there is a reason, it's just stupid. Fuck this.
“@OneBombAssBitch Girls don't get mad for no reason. It might be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason!”
I hate wen ppl kill ppl for no reason at all. Jus stupid.
This stupid ass dog barking super loud outside for no apparent reason at all. <
Stupid fuck, the reason I hate niggas
No question is stupid....if you have doubt in anything it is always for a reason.
STFU with ya ape lookin ass, there is a reason they don't want you around stupid fuck -_- Im done being nice after tomorrow fuck ya feelings
Damn why she gotta be stupid for no reason
The only reason why i put up with the stupid ass bitch is bc of you
My phone is so slow for some reason it is being STUPID
call somone stupid with-no-reason-at-all is same like you say stupid infront of the mirror.*infrontof mirror* So? Now u say stupid to who?
No reason to she already knew what it was before hand don't know why she playing stupid now she peep me and I PEEP HER!
Not feeling this. People getting mad for what. Muthafuckers wasn't even talking about your stupid ass. Blow up for no reason.
yo reason for not liking me is stupid .
Man mother fukas doing shit for the wrong reason but don't jump stupid ..... get you ass toast
Everyday I find another reason to tell ppl to 'kill yourself' I kinda feel bad cause ik that's not christen-like but they're just so stupid
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there’s always a reason for it.
For some reason I cannot sit around a depressed person.. I be looking at them sooo stupid..
am i just stupid? to be hurt with no reason?
Just arrived at the Lanayru Mine. Though, I said La-Mulana for some bizarrly stupid reason.
Girls don't get mad for no reason. It might be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason!
from what i've seen , every girl that he stopped talking to , for whatever reason . . . ends up thinking "He's So Stupid" , ! bcuhz HE ISS !
I hate wen ppl be stupid fa no reason
I have this new iPod touch that I can't really work properly and for some stupid reason it keeps tur
when he just be acting stupid for no reason, i get to thinking ! "/
"Everything happens for a reason" -stupid people
I feel like I haven't been on twitter in a million years. Reason being that my stupid 'smart phone' won't let me on the Internet!! Grrr!
people be tweeting stupid stuff for no reason at all, just trynna get they tweets up.
For Some ReasOn My Stupid Twitter Is Following PeOpLe IDOntt Eveen Wanna FOllow ! WTF BITCH ! >:O
I hate when people mention me for NO fucking reason, thats stupid.
RT“@sarahkirstinn: i follow you for the same reason i follow celebrities: to see what stupid shit you do next.”
Russell Brand divorcing Katy Perry for a stupid reason, pretty funny. HE IS MINE!
fucking hate it when a girls mad at you for a stupid ass reason -___-
Feel really stupid right just waited mad long for no reason.
I blocked you for a reason on Facebook so why am I seeing your name everywhere? Stupid cunt.
That Disney channel show Austin & Ally is so stupid the only reason I'm watching it because there's this really cute blonde dude on there.
people are stupid and just want to be loved. that's the only reason anyone does anything.
i always help my mom wirh everything! watching my twin nephew cleaning house and everything but then she yells at me! for stupid reason >:]
I had literally no reason to do that stupid thing I just did. It had nothing to do with vacation and only something marginal to do with NYE.
At this Bucks/Wizards game... Javale McGee (sp?) is clownin in warm ups doin STUPID dunks for no reason lol
But atleast I have a limited amount of friends for a good reason. Gotta stay away from all that stupid stuff.
Everyone thinks I done with Kev's for a stupid reason
When you work HARD for your money you wont spebd it on stupid shit.....when money is given to you for no reason, you act a ass with it!!!!
I think modeling your relationship off movie relationships is stupid...theyre FICTIONAL for a reason...
The reason I dont tell him that hes stupid and hes pushing everyone who gives a damn about him away, is because he doesnt wanna accept it...
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, stupid arguements, & Making fun of each other, i saw myself starting to fall in love with you .
I think some "beliebers" are really stupid! Grow up! Yeah, Justin is dating Selena Gomez, so that gives you the reason to hate her?
Some people are fucking stupid. And for some damn reason people are dumb enough to marry those idiots. Who's more retarded?
Mfs act real stupid, for what reason ? I don't fucking know !
I swear they have me doing stupid BS for no reason just to occupy time
Bullshit always some stupid reason to why# iknoeyourelying
It's actually stupid to say "I hate that I like this", you should say "I hate that I have a reason to like this".
Being happy for no reason.. clearly i wasnt thinking that straight! I was clouded by my stupid evil selfish thoughts.. :( damn!
the reason most people dont wanna retweet those "retweet if you love God" things is because its stupid. you dont need retweet it to love him
dentist today was stupid!!! basically solidified my reason why they scare me and i don't like them
Thats no reason to cry, for example I cry because others are stupid
- what. I have been trash talked to for no reason. I have been called worthless,stupid, just... all of this shit. When I first made this-
Hoes don't even have a reason why they don't like somebody u look stupid lol
To all my friends and family be safe party hard be responsible for the new years don't do stupid shit for no reason
Who came up with "NYE"? That shits stupid there's no reason to abbreviate that. -__-
I miss not having a stupid odee early curfew for no reason....
You don't just piss someone off for a stupid reason or u just feel like it.
For some reason I think everything is insanely stupid in the morning
The reason these guys want these little girls is because theyre young and stupid
My team is stupid funny for no reason! lbs good times at dinner ha
..im so effin annoyed fa some reason, just feel like callin everybody & everything stupid hoe & dumb bitch, hahaha, poe innocent ppl!!
I love how girls I don't even know want to look at me stupid for no reason its hilarious
my sister might be wrong but you have no fucking reason to call her a bitch...stupid bitch
There is no stupid reason that can force people not to talk to each other is they really wanted to.
I Likem All Remix Is Stupid. Jacob Latimore Is Stupid. The Only Reason I Listen To Is Was Cus Of Issa. The Reason Y I Lyk Da Orginal--Diggy.
iTs stupid for a cheater to say that the reason why he didn't tell his qirl cuz he didnt wanna loose her...
I'm happy for you. Even though it hurts me to know you two are together for some stupid reason.
i never get mad for no reason ., it may be over something small or stupid , but there's always a reason .
"to someone who was stupid or marginally smart he would sound like a genius. For some reason he has some much confidence in what he says"-AM
Reason you can tell Austin has a fake. Look at the Tweets and if they are trying to be funny but are just stupid it is him.
Lost so much money for such a stupid reason.
There's nothing happened last night. I just be a stupid girl hAhAhA the reason is YOU! YA! CKH I MISSED YOU!!!!!!
girls don't get mad for no reason . it might be over something small or stupid , but there's always a reason .
For whatever reason I'm like stupid tired!!!
Theres a reason why i dont follow this girl cuz i dont wana see her stupid tweets and face. I hate when people on my TL retweet her fuckkk
My mom is mainly the reason why I don't like living at home. She's always fighting for stupid reasons that are her fault.
No reason I should be driving thru dc to get to richmond ..stupid ass gps
Flocka always yelling for no reason, need to calm his stupid ass down.
What hurts the MOST is that I still miss you for some stupid reason!
When you know it'd just be better for you to stop talking to somebody, but for some stupid reason you don't..
This Stupid " Boy " Always Texting Me Fah Nooo Reason .
everything happens for a reason, some stupid, fucked up reason
There's a reason I don't follow you, so it's pretty annoying when other people retweet the stupid shit you say!
Some girls out here are so stupid over love. Love isnt the only reason to be in a relationship.
Why do people ask stupid questions? Google is there for a reason!
im so sorry we cnt interact  .nd d reason is obvious  .ion speak 'stupid' :p
Stupid Ex girlfriends<< .hes you EX for a reason bitch!
i dislike stupid ppl..lol like open your fuckn eyes u dumb fuck..ppl put them selves in stupid situations for no reason
Having watched the notebook I realised that romantic movies are the reason why young girls grow up looking for stupid romantic ideals of
Stupid as bitch , another reason why i dont want u .
For some reason im acting really really stupid. Dont know whats wriong w/ me. Oh well.
Stupid lady flipped my mom off for no reason !! F*ck you too lady ! D:<
For some reason I feel like we bout to so some stupid shit tonite LMAO
I don't understand why ppl tell lil lies for no reason and its about stupid things. **shrugs**
I feel really poorly and the only possible reason nathan can think of is pregnancy, is he stupid or
Now it's ads. Someone just said "The reason the Universe doesn't fall apart is that it's not stupid."
when someone seems to be mad at you for no reason and they won't tell you why... It's because they know their reason is stupid.
Smoking & Drinking doesn't make you cute , it just makes you look stupid . It gives others a reason to laugh ,
Why some people do very stupid things? Particulary when they haven't any reason to do that?
If you hate on Justin Bieber for no reason... THATS JUST STUPID.
I hate when people text me, when they damn well know that I dont wanna fucking talk to them, like I didnt text you back for a reason.#stupid
YOLO gonna be the reason these niggas going to jail for stupid shyt..
It's stupid to let money be the reason you don't do something.
If timbaland touched my ass I would punch him, then he would have a reason to make a stupid face.
I'm still hoping for the best for some fucking stupid reason.
Stupid homework this is one reason homeschooling sucks you can do it whenever you want (I didn't choose to do it)
I hate when things don't go as planned...what could have been so smooth just goes haywire for some stupid reason or another...
Oh look a petition site got hacked. More reason that online petitions are really useless and stupid.
"boys are stupid, thats why we throw rocks at them" thank you danielle. you are my best friend for a reason.
Everyone gna use new years and being drunk a reason on why they did some stupid shit
Sometimes I really be mad for no reason but Idc. A lot of shit ppl do just be stupid to me
CNN is stupid. American politics bore me. And are way too complicated, for no reason
the only reason I haven't done something stupid in my life yet is for my mom's sake..
i love being a kid, its the perfect reason to be stupid and immature. i seriously never want to grow up.
I hate judgemental people. It's cool to have opinions, but when you don't like certain people because of a dumb reason your stupid.
Dam that coffee for sureeee woke me up & I cant stop laughing retartedly stupid for no reason hahahahahahaha weeeeeeee \(^.^)/
Dear NYCers who stop in the middle of crowded sidewalks for no reason and cause an angry, trampled mob: Don't do that. You're stupid. Thanks
Why Was i Born This Way !!! For Every Stupid Little Reason My Face Turns Into a Tomatoe!
Not stuntin it. Being mad for no reason is stupid.
I hate it when people make plans with you then cancel for a stupid reason
I'm a virgin. LMS if you think I'm lying :)" that's the most stupid sht I swear! People like that are the reason facebook in a depression.
My car is fuckinn crazy !! :/ stupid ass alarm keeps goinn off for NO REASON ! Wtf
you gave me all the more reason to not like you. now i really fucking hate you. you stupid bitch.
i dont have no reason to lie about that stupid shit
A stupid uneducated truck driver just yelled at me for no reason,so I yelled at him back n let my middle finger did the talk.
And the reason for the divorce is very stupid nd senseless.... I'm so fricking annoyed
The only reason ESPN interviews athletes is hoping they slip up and say something stupid, otherwise it's routine answers. Seriously
We are young we still have time to be stupid rich for no reason
Lol Kacey stupid for no reason !
i hate when people text me, when they damn well know that i dont wanna fucking talk to them. like i dont text you back for a reason..#stupid
When people are stupid for no reason
There is a reason we have cell phones, so we don't have to hear the stupid house phone ring
Granny house jus got stupid fatt for no reason....time to go!
I hate people that are dicks for no fucking reason!! Swallow your self. Bitch, stupid bitch..long Titties no nipples ass bitch..
I HATE stupid questions. Use your brain. There's a reason you have one. -_______-
Heres all you need to know about men and women; women are crazy and men are stupid, and the main reason women are crazy is men are stupid
you're the reason we do so many stupid senseless things
There's a reason for everything, yours happen to be stupid AF!!
If I were married to Katy Perry id never divorce her...one she's gorgeous and two I obviously married her for a reason! Stupid russel brand!
Somewhere Between Laughing For No Reason, Stupid Arguments And Making Fun Of Each Other...I Fell In Love
These females & they stupid attitudes lol ha ha they be getting mad for no reason!
"@DrakeYMCMB_: Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions."
the only reason that I put up with that stupid ass bitch is, you.
Life is too short for stupid shit that goes on in our lives for no reason. Regain Control n Do Right!
If you want me to trust you, then why give me a reason not to? stupid niggas -__-
Here's all you have to know about men and women:women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
he didn't , and you acting stupid for no reason . MAYBE if you ask her . but damn !!!!
Why do ppl make fun if others just because they dont wear stupid ass Polo, True Religion,  Lacoste & other that dum shit. No reason.
dese hoes think im stupid i aint make  it dis far fo no reason
Whack hoes in New Orleans wanna throw subtweets bitch I'm talking to ppl way in Atlanta lol just stupid for no reason DAMN!!!
heres all you have to know about men and women women are crazy and men are stupid and the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, and making fun of eachother, i fell in love with you.
I said WITCH for a reason . Duh stupid
Wow im fuckin stupid i just said "hey u remind me of a white abraham lincoln..." i for some reason forgot abe lincoln was white smdh
You're the reason why i draw those stupid hearts all over my books..
Stupid trick ha that's the only reason why I wanna go back to school is to get you!
"Women are crazy, and men are stupid. The reason women are crazy is that men are stupid."-George Carlin
It's Real Stupid To Fuck With Somebody For No Reason
Justin's haters have NO reason to "hate" Justin. It's either jealousy or jealousy. They're literally very stupid to insult.
"Here's all u've to know: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid."-George Carlin
People reply with stupid messages like that and that is the reason why ya dont be hearing from me.
People are stupid and mad for no reason.
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason.
im scared of night, but not for the normal reason, but because i no then its just me all alone, no one around to stop me doing stupid things
For some odd reason I miss her stupid face ctfu.!
I put tape around my fingers Like MJ used to put bandaids around his & How Justin puts em too for no reason at all Lmfao I'm so stupid.
Actually, this is the reason I don't vent on Twitter as much, I sound like an attention seeker. Stupid Ellie v(｡-_-｡)v
Teachers that gve homework and projects over breaks are fucking stupid. We're on a BREAK for a reason. -_-
Destiny is for losers. It's just a stupid reason to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen.
I hate stupid ass gang bangers. When the last time yall talked to yall big homies about the whole reason for Bangin?
But compared to the multiple times they can lie about ignorant shit that ain't no reason to lie about n do stupid shit that ain't worth doin
"What's an Ethiopian?" - yoh these people on teen mom are stupid. For more than one reason now.
my allergic reactions are cray stupid, i have bite marks all over my body for no type of reason -_-
I'm trying to figure out what's wrong with this printer at my computer. Its stupid! There is no reason it shouldn't be work!
Well, I'm sorry but that's just stupid. If Katy and Russell are getting a divorce, there's probably a reason for it.
When I'm wearing a hoodie and a fitted beanie for some reason I never feel more like Rocky  . .Except the running part, cuz that's just stupid
"The only reason why girls mump, is because they can't twerk . . . We ain't stupid bitch." LMFAO.
Some stupid people make things happen for no reason and mess things up for other people.
Watching icarly and that stupid white bitch is the reason everybody thinks white girls fight all prissy and weak
Does it really matter if someone follows you back like that's stupid if that's the only reason you followed them
Omfg Why steal my tweets ?!?! Just RT them. Yes I'm sub tweeting kiss my ass Stupid. Cunt. There is a RT button For a reason. K.
I hate when people block me for no reason its stupid
I had to lock my stupid dog up, because she's the type to lick the floor for no reason. I'd prefer not to close the year with her laid out.
For some reason I have a rep at work for being a bit slow.. Bit stupid at times
Frustrated at this stupid system. So inefficient in every way. There are six windows for a reason..so six ppl can be working, not one.
And this stupid fuck WOULD not text me back! Good , gave me a better reason to ignore ya ass!
Everyone in this house know not to wake me up unexpectedly or for a stupid reason, not unless you want to meet the bitch in me.. haha
I love how teachers gave us homework over the break, like no It's called a break for a reason; to not have to do the stupid shit you give us
I really don't understand how people can honestly be that fucking stupid... .Like for some odd reason it astonished me.
I swear my friends and some of my followers are the reason why I haven't done nothing stupid.
They need to fix this twitter jail shit , it is no reason for somebody to be in twitter jail everyday . Its stupid
This is going to sound stupid, but for some reason Motion City Soundtrack sounds even better with snow on the ground.
<<<< Cusses friends out once I learn they havent purchased "Women R Stupid & Men R the Reason"
Stupid happy today for no reason at all...rain and the works
Just stupid for no apparent reason !
Girls don't get mad for no reason. It might be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason..
Your reason to break was because you didnt see a future in us. Then why tell me you love me in the first place? Stupid break up reason.
Some boys are freaking stupid! Hes gonna regret it. Why would you cut it off with s freaking hot girl for the dumbest reason?
I don't get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a reason.
I was just down right foolish and stupid ! .But now I know you was the reason for the pain and the headaches .!
I don't hold grudges. I think that's a stupid reason to go to hell.
you were deleted for a reason, stupid slag.
stupid bitch who judges miley for no fuckin reason and sadly that hater is fuckin ugly duh.
i hate when pple do stupid shit for no reason.  .smh
They're trying to be dramatic and heart felt but ...... Its over a stupid reason smfh*
It always happens that a guy is mad at you for a stupid reason,but if he truly cares,not even another guy can make him mad ..*
I feel like I'm going to make someone mad today, and it'll be for a stupid reason that isn't my fault.
These stupid ass niggas killing for no reason at all
When girls do stupid things , it ususlly involves sum kind of explainable reason . Dudes do shyt with no reason what so ever .
I hate the fact that you did the same thing i'm doing and i still for some stupid ass reason wanted you.
Stupid weak right now for no reason... Hahaha.
I hate them.... ugh so stupid this is the reason I hate being
It's annoying when people assume something stupid & they try to reason with you. Seriously, why don't you work on getting your facts right?
You're a cheater as well as an all round cunt, now I have a valid reason to not want you near my boyfriend, stupid bint.
Yep everything happens for a reason, but don't use that as a excuse as to why you made stupid decisions
But You're Not To Blame At All , I Have A Brain That Works Just Fine. I Just Fell Stupid For No Apparent Reason
I swear the only reason why my sister comes over is to show off all the stupid shit she buys.
I'm pretty sure you unfollowed me for a reason. For a stupid reason, but for a reason. Now stop looking at my tweets.
if you dont like my opinion be sure to have a good reason,if not you'll look really stupid
Cant stand when ppl jus lie for no dam reason, n den get caught like a fool. U jus make urself look low n stupid!!
i hate people that are so stupid for no reason.
Don't tell me you reason you single cause you cheated on ya ex then try to get at me wtf I look like sure as yell not stupid
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there's always a rerFyojS
the ONLY reason people ever switch to mac is because theyre too lazy and stupid to learn how to use a computer
Hes so fucking hard to understand but for some stupid reason he understands me.
“@mcshelbyy: women are crazy, men are stupid. and the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.”
The reason Im still alive is because I have a purpose and its stupid to die when you're reason is pointless.
women are crazy, men are stupid. and the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
theres noooo reason yu should be that stupid.....
All this stupid guys, are the reason why some girls turn lesbian SMH -___-
Friends?? Hahahahahahahah jk. More like jealous , stupid , back stabbing bitches :). All the more reason to hate girls.
Yeah, stupid reason, but since there weren't any real romantic feelings our friendship was kept intact.
Its stupid traffic out here for no ass reason
My mom pisses me tf OFF when she does this stupid shit for no reason!
"Your face," worstkase offers up the third reason why I'm stupid. First was updating Apple TV; secon
I hate when people criticize what I do. I do what I do for a reason, I'm not stupid!
Between laughing for no reason, stupid Arguments, long talks &making fun Of each other " I still Love you " :)
they are fighting for a stupid reason
hate when ppl lie for no reason,bout stupid shit that dont even matter <<
Shiiiiiit.. This is stupid! Social security offices are the reason people commit suicide
i hate when my mom takes my phone for some stupid reason and doesnt tell me what i did.
Women are crazy, and men are stupid. The main reason women are crazy, is that men are stupid...
Stupid reason, but good.
The moment you realize you really like someone but find every reason not too....is effin stupid...let this last more than your last.
I'm the reason for the teardrops on your stupid pussy of a guitar, taylor swift. & boys do NOT like you
I usually don't give a fuck, but for some stupid reason, I can't stop caring about you.
stupid chinese cursing man, cursing me for absolutely no reason.
Yes,everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make STUPID decisions.
Stupid reason to say NO! Em eh say uggghhh!!
Stupid bitch, you have a brain for a reason. It has many uses, like using it to think before you speak, maybe?
Acting all stupid for no reason!
Girls never get mad for no reason. It may be over something small or stupid, but there’s always a reason.
I swea it be pissin me off when ppl ask stupid ass Q's for no apparent reason ...
«@GeminiSignz Gemini likes to keep in touch with you even if it didn't work as a relationship for some stupid reason»
So fool if you want to bring Bruno Mars down with that stupid reason.
I'm trying to have faith that everything happens for a reason. Today, it seems there is no silver lining, just stupid people.
Bursting out laughing for a stupid reason...............
These kids bad a fuck for no reason. I want to whoop both of they little stupid asses.
My hearts kinda broken right now and its for a completely stupid reason that no one can understand
... a couple of years, whatever you do, you do it for a reason. Most of the time, they're stupid. I've seen you do this to others and i ....
Lie to me for no reason so i can tell you how stupid you are.
One reason I LOVE london is you can travel home at stupid o'clock on public transport on New Years day morning. No night buses for meee
Im done with this stupid ass bitch that I have as a sorry ass excuse for a sister, she is the only reason I hate coming home.
Yes, everything happens for a reason but that shouldn't be an excuse for you to do stupid things.
The only reason you bring up such things to warn me about is you think I'd be stupid enough to do them.
Women are crazy, and men are stupid. The main reason women are crazy, is that men are stupid.
The reason why i hate formspring is because humans are asking me horribly stupid and ridiculous question.
when people hate other people for pathetic reasons, or even no reason..it's stupid :(
How stupid can I get, of course its still the same retarded reason.
Got a lot of shit on my mind for some reason...#stupid
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why yu make stupid decisions..
it's such a stupid reason. and because of it I'm not going to York anymore shjaskdhkshkf
The only reason I'm not jumping from this collapsaing building, is because there is no safety net down there. I'm not that stupid.
Dont say stupid shit and there willl be no reason for me too react
That's insane, that's the type of thing I want the government to regulate because it's stupid and extortionate. The reason this...
I hate stupid bitches. I'll give you a reason to press charges hoeee.
Why do stupid shit turn into a big fucking argument for no reason!!!! My day already started in the wrong fucking FOOT!!!!
Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions....#TheReal...
I hate when ppl act stupid and play stupid for no dn reason smh i gotta get up outta here today ugh let me call my sis...
The only reason why stupid, vilifying and outdated gender stereotype still prevails is that it sells.
Dunno wots wrong with me today I'm crying for a stupid reason :/
Women are crazy, and Nigga are stupid. The main reason why women are crazy, is Becuz Niggaare stupid
Mane,everyone around me try to judge me & everything I do But believe it or not I do everything for a reason ; weather its stupid or serious
Lol. I keep crying for the same stupid reason.
The reason why Maury is still going on is because of these stupid females. Point Blank
You are the reason why I draw those stupid heart all over my book.
For some stupid reason that song helps me sleeep :/
Turn on your car's hazard lights and you get the right to stop midway for any stupid reason and cause a kilometer long jam behind you.
I really hate it when I'm sleeping and I just wake up for no reason -_- that's just stupid
you said you'd be here for everything. for some stupid reason I believed you. hahahah.
LMAO....oh really welp hell wit it "@GirIFacts: Women are crazy, and men r stupid. The main reason women are crazy, is that men are stupid."
Whoever wakes up this early because they want to or because any other stupid reason , is fucking crazy
To err is human. To forgive for no good reason is plain stupid
Sometimes, being stupid is the only reason you're getting someone's attention.
Grounded me for a stupid reason that wasn't even my fault
There's a reason why I don't want to come and see you . Because of thissss ! Stupid .
For some stupid reason we always believe that it's forever.
When planning New Years Eve turns out to be a reason for a stupid fight...true story. Gosh that is so dispensable!
There's a BIG BIG reason why I could never be stupid, and you know it!
What the fcuk??? A stupid reason to broke up is because I never satisfy her?? Really?? I didn't know I was dating a slut!!! :'(
There's like NO REASON for me to go to sleep now. How fucking stupid!
Boy, your the reason why Waterproof mascara was invented... Stupid.
Everyone has stupid & idiotic moments but to crucify me for them is just like calling the kettle black! I be in another world for a reason!
The new followers please tweet me. Twitter is getting weird :/ and for some stupid reason i can't follow you back. So tweet me. :)
I hate people that vex for stupid reason
Retainers suck. I'd rather have braces again then deal with the pain of these stupid things. One reason why I cannot sleep.
BITCH I like u becuz I thought u was pretty n any other reason would b a lost cause so on that note STUPID SHONE I'm goin TO sleep GOODNIGHT
Stupid time to get up, not a stupid reason tho
The reason I'm awake at this stupid time is because my posters fell down and woke me up :/
Must get the wife on twitter just in case I have to give her the elbow. I like this modern approach of copping out of bad news!
unlike me, each time i approach a strangers kid, everyone looks at me like im going to do something bad
Not bad MBC do a more club-like approach along with more interactive MCs
Too bad can't get high on this NYE...But spending time with  loved ones and family is healthier and better approach.
honestyhour I don't look at a guys shoes when they approach me... is that bad?kHl
Fast approach isn't always bad. If done with highly sincerity nd seriousness. Moreover the guy's no doubt worth it.
"Only bad hoes can approach me" what Abt the ugly hoes they need love to craig
“@jenthemilf Ladies if you know you're unattractive please dont approach me... no offense im not that bad lookin.. ion want a ugg mo”
Ladies if you know you're unattractive please dont approach me... no offense im not that bad lookin.. ion want a ugg mo
Is it bad that the first thing I look at if a nigga approach me is his feet??
Making a girl approach your car is a bad look smh
i had a bad relationship too but unlike niggas im not finna take it out on every dude that approach me.
Only bad hoes can approach me!
Ahn kay who ya iz or where ya cum from, but never approach me & tell me something bad.
Only bad hoes can approach me
Only bad hoes may approach me
If yhu ain't a bad bytch don't approach me
When I meet people and they have the "let me school you approach" I just turn off my right ear and play MJ bad album in my left ear.
Bad vibes coming from me, no one dares to approach me
Only bad bitches may approach me and i only follow bad bitches
"@Yemii_: As I was about to approach this babe, I just saw one big man giving me bad eye, just excused myself"-----> LOL
As I was about to approach this babe, I just saw one big man giving me bad eye, just excused myself
Contemplating the Galloway approach to swimming.  Wait... That's called the backstroke.  And I'm bad at that too!
I HATE HOW TEENAGERS TODAY ARE LIKE "AWW YEAH I WANT GET LAID SO BAD" BUT WHEN YOU APPROACH THE SUBJECT TO THEM THEY'RE ALL "HAHAHAH GIGGLE"
done with travel invoices + other admin stuff. Somehow I have a bad habit to leave them to the last minute. Next year new approach - ASAP :)
i wanna bad bitch to approach me !
Dhoni himself confessed we are bad starters? How is this acceptable? This is more to do with the approach
“@Uno_DaDon "@Prettyboymobbin: Watch how u approach me rns u don't wanna get on my bad side"”
"@Prettyboymobbin: Watch how u approach me rns u don't wanna get on my bad side"
Watch how u approach me rns u don't wanna get on my bad side
For once in my life I would like to approach a random hot guy which is a stranger to me & ask for his number lol OK no, bad idea.
Have you ever wanted to interact with somebody so bad yet you didn't know how to approach them? Not to seem desperate. Uh yeah, I hate that.
ERY BAD CHICK GOT A MAN...THATS WHY I DNT BOTHER ASKIN....I JUST APPROACH HER LIKE SHE MINE ALREADY....
When guys approach me in public & I ask for my number, I always feel bad when I say no.
I have a very bad habit of assuming the people who approach me. Lol!
“@nikkireeves_: I don't need to make you look bad to make myself feel good. You should try that approach to life.”
I don't need to make you look bad to make myself feel good. You should try that approach to life.
approach a bad bitch but I act like iont want her.
i feel bad for the niggas who always talk about girl but never approach them because they knw they have no chance
Bad approach... End of that consersation
Only bad Hoes may approach me
I'm in such a bad mood, don't approach me without a baseball bat
Some niggas really don't be trying to be thirsty lol , they jus bad at the way they approach women .
Overhearing a vegetarian trying to convince a non vegetarian that meat tastes bad. Really, that's your approach?
You should approach married/taken men with a hey and bye! No matter how bad the wife/gf is!
Those who approach baseball from a purely business aspect are just as bad as those who have a purely sabermetric viewpoint.
Most Of The Bad Females Are Lonely Cause Most Of The Good Guys Are Scared To Approach Them So They Tend To Settle
Omg tis the MFing season for TALL SEXY BOOTS! So many women rockin them today UGH Its my weakness.. Too bad Ima bitch an never approach them
Too bad I don't approach girls at all in the club for the most part
Despite losing, Pitino deserves props. His patented "recruit poorly/play bad teams/never leave home" approach really takes the pressure off.
Is missing me a bad thing they can't even say it to my face or let me know their name? Must be a terrifying person to approach clearly.
street art is dead blog is no more......too bad.  Loved the honest approach.
UGG - not a bad company. They use the skin of the sheep. a more sustainable approach though is to simply is to simply use the wool. safe..
When your bad dreams approach, your good ones go. When it's time they come back, the bad ones disappear.
Approach me wrong hear that thinq go clap -frenchie...Bad Habbits
E no bad"@hardelj: Dis guy is in his late twenties and he does not knw aw to approach a lady....na wah oh!he wants me to teach him choi!!!"
And since today isn't a bad start, if I see anyone I know, I'll approach you. heh! Have a nice day everyone. heh! :))
...cont-things like how someone looks will matter a lot which hurts newt. Combine that with his speaking approach and it would be bad news.
Only Bad Bitches May Approach Meee !
I Got Myself In Dis For Da Wrong Reason, Got Ah Wrong Approach Nd Slowly Leavin On Ah Bad But Funny Note ! Smhh
When she know she bad in them heels got to approach her
Only Bad Hoes May Approach Me
I can approach any female like this here.. I'm bad so its okay.
Not the nigga to talk to every cute girl I c. I rarely approach a female unless she that bad. Or im drunk lol
// I feel bad for Jesse. Probably because I'd be one of those. xD J/k I wouldn't even dare to approach you if I were that way.
It's so many bad asses that want to approach a nigga ol' lady. STOP! Get on his ass.
Things could either go Good or Bad!!! It's really up to you and how you approach
I'm in a bad mood. Approach with caution.
"@TheGhatriniGirl: I never start anything because I assume I'm going to do bad at it anyways so I just don't bother." Bad approach
if your approach is bad, it doesnt matter how good your intentions are.
REMEMBER it’s what you say when you approach him that could make you look bad NOT the fact that you came over at all.
only bad niggas can approach me .... jk
when i'm upset, emotional or in a bad mood that's usually a clue for others not to approach me. or talk to me. so please, leave me alone.
My Horoscope said "A tall, dark stranger will approach you with news." It came true! He did! Too bad the guy turned out to be the Repo Man.
This old couple in the park is crying. This is second my round and they are still crying. Feeling bad. Should I approach them?
I think this is a good way to approach relationships: "I am me, and I am going to interact with you." Things go bad when you expect decency.
Positivity is all I think of..so if u do sumn and I approach it wid negativity..u shd know its real bad..oh yeah..like baaad!
A great doctor sees uniqueness of each patient (like a great painter).   A mediocre or bad doc has a paint-by-numbers approach to patients.
If you approach me sayin "Shawty you bad as hell" you're going to get a rude response believe that !
I feel bad. I stay going off. But I mean is that really how you approach females?
You think I have an angle. But why does an angle have to be bad. Maybe that's just the direction I choose to approach a skeptical female
i hate asking people for help when things are goin bad because they always want to give me that "I feel sorry for you" approach
guys need to learn how to approach a girl the right way. Don't go up to her and say she's bad, try tellin her she's beautiful .
Only bad hoes may approach me.
Yo Yo Ma is a violinist, not the way to approach the bad jawn walking down the street.
Feel so bad when ppl approach me and asking "u know who I am" and I replied "no"
An education gives you a structured approach and rules. That's a good and bad. :|
annd i still donn`t see why you girls approach your self as bad barbies'
I don't know how to approach dudes....I rather be extremely blunt and straight forward but that might be bad
You can have everything going for you, but approach me in the wrong way or a bad first impression? You have no chance
Good girls turn bad when they're been hurt, they hurt good guys that approach them because they think they're were bad & the cycle goes on
Three man rush is really a bad approach now.  Bad coaching.
My bitches bad and georgeous so if u tryna holla,approach wiv caution...dey stash work in they weaves,its got a storage function
How do u approach a bad situation with one of ur family members
you shouldn't get mad that we don't talk anymore if you want to talk to me so bad APPROACH me i'm not approaching you first.
/aunt (tho also considering pointedly serving her coffee in the 'bad day in progress: approach at yr own risk' mug she gave the teenage me)
Accent update: Anthony Perkins goes for the subtle approach.  Not bad.  Gregory Peck plays an American so he gets a pass.
LA Noire installeren. I'm going for the bad cop approach.
Only bad bitches may approach me
Only bad chicks can approach me.
its all bout how you approach somebody "WHY HAVENT YOU TXT" is a bad approach, and will be cut off
only bad girls may approach me :)
Everyone should take the kevin garnett approach to losing. Next time you get a bad grade/lose a video game grab the closest neck and squeeze
.@ClinicEscort I'd also add bad reduction talks about changing "behavior" and "morals" as awrongheaded approach to a medical issue.
Half the time I don't feel bad for being rude. Bitch I'm eating why would you try approach me?
Like,how you gone approach a dude with bad breath and foggy windows...
Wow bad mood becci - approach with caution
So if someone you know has bad breath or body odor would you approach them about it?
You know your shit smells bad when people are looking for approach cleaner to cover it up
This year wasn’t that bad actually. I just hope that my ‘best years’ have not passed and I still have yet to approach them.
Why on earth bad viruses approach when I'm at home? Щ(ºДºщ)
Man  Bro, if anotha succa nigga tell anotha raggedy ,overweight, unleaded ass bitch she bad..bitch approach me wit tht shit imma keep it lit
No need for guys to approach me..I want a bad bitch with wide hips n a face like Eva Mendez
raptors ain't bad. new coach, new approach. but too much turnovers.
True i wont approach you if you dont look good.. But if you cant keep a conversation  thats just as bad as being straight busted to me
only bad bitches may approach me any others will get roasted accordingly
Nasty weather caused a failed approach into Juneau, so we diverted to Yakutat for an impressive landing in bad conditions. Now, Anchorage.
I actually find it offensive when a guy thinks he can approach me & ask for my number. Things have changed. Its a bad thing idc
Hi I'm a good Guy --- wanna play * Chuckie voice* | this is basically what all guys basically approach a girl saying when indeed their bad.
Well if something bad happend I probably would have used a quicker approach like a phone call xD
You ever want something or someone so bad but didn't kno how to approach gettin it?
Fuck  I'm having a bad day, the only lady I want to approach right now is with her mother . let me send her a wink .
Guess i onli attract the "bad boys/players". The gud ones wont approach me =/
If u ever feel like u bad and wanna approach me think twice now,,cause I have all da rights to defend miiself...
only bad hxes may approach me .
Only Bad Hoes may approach me..
One day ima be walkin down the street and a bad ass milf gonna approach me and gimme head jus like in the pornos
Nights like this i feel bad for the secret vacations & get aways i took. Entertaining hoes that couldn't wait for this day to approach.
“@_TheFade_ all guys aint bad, jus cause we approach you dont mean we want the pussy”
all guys aint bad, jus cause we approach you dont mean we want the pussy
Not that it was a bad impression, more like the reason of approach..
Mostly because that is an EXCEEDINGLY bad way to approach that sort of fighting style. I cannot stress how poorly that feels implemented.
U kno u a bad ass female if I approach u cuz I usually dnt do dat
Nd my attitude jus got bad b cautious of how u approach me
approach me like you bad hoe.
Only bad girls may approach me..
Is it bad that my entire justification for my approach to date is the phrase, "Modern Warfare?"
I need a club crew , a handful of bad bitches to step out with . Girls tht dudes gotta approach .
Boo , I'm not ya boo playa barely now you . Men and these bad ways to approach a female
...only bad hoes may approach me.
If you want em that bad don't wait for them to approach you, approach them before someone else does. (:
Only bad hoes may approach me...
bad mood ....approach @ ur own risk ...
Even I messed up bad my parents give me the world,  this approach is new buts its working.
Damn, that guy was so hot & cute! Too bad I didn't have the balls to approach him grrr.
I approach life not thinking what kould be bad but what kould be good
Touch down! At NAIA ulit! Flight cancelled AGAIN due to bad weather but this time lumipad kami nag approach ng Legaspi then balik Manila!!!
what a bad way to approach christmas .
my arm swing get better but my approach is bad so it makes it difficult for me to hit
I'm so bad. Harmfully bad. Don't approach me. :(
Ur a bad bitch, approach me with ur problem that u have with me. Dont let "twitter" hold u up.
I feel bad for the guys sometimes b/c your attitude and personality is the icon for the guys that approach me, including the nice guys.
Guys To Be Afraid To Approach Them,  They Want It Just As Bad As Us.
i want to talk to her so bad but she is so good looking i cant approach her damn she sexy
Im so mentaly fucked up i feel bad for the next man that tries to approach me.
Too bad, i dont approach dudes.
Hearing bad news always seems to approach me at bad times
My secret santa sucked at work. So bad I wanna approach him
If you're really close to someone and suspect it, approach them about it. The worst they can say is no. You can work through bad reactions.
And oh hell, I really hate it when men approach me for an FWB and they’re bad in bed
“@AKidNamedAdrian some girls make it hard to approach em with their bad attitudes”
some girls make it hard to approach em with their bad attitudes
Alright peeps I'm on the approach. It doesn't look too bad. If it don't fit in my bag for life I'm leaving it behind...
Lmao at this guy at district.. He tried to approach me.. I had the stank face on.. I was in such a bad mood. Sorry sweetie..
I down myself before I approach a female lol... is tht bad
I def outgrew this club shit. Sitting on da couch like a boss waiting for a bad bitch to approach me.
Idk how to approach that because I had older fam that were hella bad examples seeing as Im the first to graduate high school without a child
Guess we both on the same page yet hope my next woman know how to approach a bad. Situation in a better way sn chllin wit necia. Lee @ b
I don't give a fuck about what you saying.. Only bad hoes can approach me!
I'm not ugly, and I'm pretty cool, you'd think I could atleast approach a girl. I'm as bad as Jalen
usual ally approach is to reference feminists who made counterarguments to [bad opinion] and/or ask questions but w/ blatant transphobia idk
Too Hard to Coach me...I got a Bad Temper...Better Watch How you Approach me...#REALSHIT
