That awkward moment when someone catches you making weird faces at yourself in the mirror.
That awkward moment when you type in Bieberconda as your password and it says TOO LONG (;
That awkward moment when I haven't showered, eaten or drank anything all year...
That awkward moment when your crush asks you who YOU like.
That awkward moment when everything is just awkward....
That awkward moment when you call your teacher "MOM" ! Hahahaha ! :DD
That awkward moment whEn I hEar bebatOv's name on the tv and just shout cOme on bebatov you can dO it Lol
That awkward moment when you're at a wrestling tournament
That awkward moment between your birth and your death.
That awkward moment when you spell the word correctly but it just looks so wrong, so you just stare at it forever.
That awkward moment when someone asks you, "Do you know ___?" And you can only say, "I used to.."
That awkward moment when you can't tell whether a person is pregnant or fat
that awkward moment when you see the person you hate most in the world. fuck off!!!!
That awkward moment when your crush doesn't reply your messages but update their facebook status
That awkward moment when you pat a girl on the head & you end up laterally dislocating her wig.
Supa DUPA Diva, rofl omg. that awkward moment when "dupa" means "ass" in Polish. XD
That awkward moment when the automatic door doesn't automatically open -_-
That awkward moment when a SUPER skinny girl says that she needs to go on a diet. Ermm what does she want to lose? A bone?
That awkward moment when someone's twitter bio has their gf/bf's name and saying they will be together forever & the next day they broke up.
That awkward moment when you're expecting 2012 and you get 2011S.
That awkward moment wen mercy said NO n U had to ask Cece Winans why! Smh
That awkward moment when you're streaming a live show from Korea and the guy streaming the feed to you lags. Then YOU start lagging.
That awkward moment when you say something and people don't get it lol
Haha, happens every time! "@SayingsForGirls: That awkward moment when your crush asks you who YOU like."
That awkward moment when someone asks you "What time is it?" and you have to bite your lip not to say it...
"That awkward moment when you're telling the truth but then you smile and no one believes you"
That awkward moment when you’re staring into space and you find yourself staring at someones face.
That awkward moment when you expect 2012, but you get 2011S
That awkward moment when you find out po is really a girl from tuletubies 0_o
that awkward moment when your expecting 2012 and all you get is 2011s
"@LEXUSdeCAR: That awkward moment when your sleepover buddy is knocked out and your wide awake..." Muahahaha
That awkward moment when Justin Bieber says never. Alejandro calls Lady Gaga. Bruno Mars drops the grenade & Rihanna knows her name.
That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one answered.
Awkward moment when you see someone from your school in a shop working there that you don't even like :L
That awkward moment when you’re yelling at someone and you mess up a word.
That awkward moment ur drunk dead by 10pm and u'll be missing the final countdown. Happy new year!
That awkward moment when it's totally silent and your stomach growls..
That awkward moment when people apologize to you on New Year's Eve. *delete purple texts without reading*
That awkward moment when u find out ur bd is a meth head. Smh!
That awkward moment when you’re yelling at someone and you mess up a word. And it ruins the seriousness...
that awkward moment when someone is running after you shouting your name!!
That awkward moment when you're expecting 2012 and all you get is 2011S.
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.
that awkward moment where you go into work at 8 am but they changed the schedule n didnt let a nigga know smh
That awkward moment when you know the entire text of "Scream 1"
That awkward moment when everyone is laughing of something and you don't know what they're laughing at o_o
That awkward moment when your eating something and it drops, you pick it up when no one's watching and eat it.
That awkward moment when some one asks u why ur in a good mood, and you tell them "why the fuck not"
Sharida: that awkward moment when you can't find your nigger friend in the dark.
That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.
That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse to not hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.””
That awkward moment when your talking about someone and they say hey and walk right beside you so you can't finish what you're talking about
That awkward moment when you feel awkward for apparently no reason.
That Awkward Moment when you have a crush on a cute stranger, who you'll probably never see again.
That Awkward Moment when u smell a cinnabon fall in love and vomit it out an hour later !!
That awkward moment when your making out with your boyfriend and your mom walks in.
That awkward moment when you go to take a picture and its recording
That awkward moment when WHY DO ALL OF THESE HAVE TO BE SENTENCE FRAGMENTS AAAARRRGGHH!!!
that awkward moment when you tweet "Send me a number and i will say something about your account" and nobody tweet you a number....#awkward
That awkward moment when your hand touches someone's ass by mistake. .:D
That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded.
That awkward moment when your sitting with your parents and a Victoria secret commercial comes on
That awkward moment when someone falls down and you laugh while they really got hurt ..*
That awkward moment when a kid asks a grown up guy to grow up.
RT"@Msq_: That Awkward Moment when you have a crush on a cute stranger, who you'll probably never see again."
"@Toluu_O: That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded."
that awkward moment when your watching something then there is a very gross part and your parents walk in....
"@Msq_: That Awkward Moment when you have a crush on a cute stranger, who you'll probably never see again."
That awkward moment when you realize you're gonna have your next bath next year...
That awkward moment when you don't know if your talking to a male or a female...DAMN THAT SHIT IS AWKWARD.
That awkward moment when you realize you’ve been pronouncing a word wrong your whole life.
That awkward moment when you walk into hardees and everyone looks at you
That awkward moment when the joke you tell falls flat.
that awkward moment when my brother has his picollo kept since new year 2010 :D `pasabugin ko na toh ngayon :DD
“@iTweetFunny_: That awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth, but you're laughing so everyone thinks  . .you're lying.”
That awkward moment when you retweet "sayings for girls" because they are applicable to your life too. Haha
That awkward moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the water temp changed on you.
that awkward moment when you think someone is smiling at you then you realize there's a person behind you...
That awkward moment when u realize u will never be able to get a cab outta the house party you're at.
That awkward moment when you can't remember his name.
that awkward moment when you txt someone and they no longer have your number saved<
That awkward moment when you make eye contact with with some one you DON'T like.
"@_LoveeMyHaters: I hate that awkward moment of silence when youu on the fone, thats why I'd rather text ."
That awkward moment when you realize is already 2012 in Australia
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when someone with a thick accent talks to you, and you awkwardly sit there, not knowing how to respond…
That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend
That awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you never even dated.
That awkward moment when you can't tell if someone is a boy or a girl.
That awkward moment when you see someone on your news feed and you don't even remember adding him/her as your friend O_O
That awkward moment when it's quiet and you're eating something crunchy.
That awkward moment when you wonder if that's fat or muscle that Busta Rhymes contains under that shirt. O_o
Its Berbatov B-t-hes. That awkward moment when Blackburn thought they're winning.
That awkward moment when you don't know how someone's phone work while their buzy having a heart attack ..*
That awkward moment when you want to RT the Illuminati because it's a good tweet but you don't want to look like a bad person...
That awkward moment when someone tells you they are grounded, then you call them and they are at a party
That awkward moment when a teacher is yelling at the class and you suddenly wanna laugh for some reason
That awkward moment when one of your parents ask about one of your old friend that you not friends with anymore! :3
" That awkward moment when you're w him, & you don't know what to say, you just look at floor & walk in silence smiling to yourself "
That awkward moment when you scratch your balls and you smell your hand right after you did it.
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is you boyfriend
That awkward moment when you're singing Happy Birthday but you don't know the name of the person so you just mumble the name part
that awkward moment dat ur lil' brother is kinikilig na!!haha tangene
that awkward moment when you realize that you're looking for babies name on new years eve.
That awkward moment when someone is getting accused for something you did..
That awkward moment when your physically attracted to a guy...
That awkward moment when everyone thinks you're high but you're really just tired.
That awkward moment where you're like 'where's my phone' & it turns out to be in your hand..
that awkward moment when people are tweeting quotes and no one cares 'cause it's almost 2012.
That awkward moment when you spell the word correctly but it sounds like funny,so you stare at it forever.
That awkward moment when you try to sneak a photo of someone but the flash goes off
That awkward moment when you don't bother making a new year's resolution because you know you won't follow through.
That awkward moment when your ex randomly asks about your lovelife ..
That awkward moment when two people start a conversation on YOUR facebook status.
That awkward moment when you realize the year 2000 was 12 years ago and feel old
The awkward moment is when u realised that 90's is not 10 years ago,,damn
“ That awkward moment when you’re staring into space and you find yourself staring at someones face”
That awkward moment when a family guest falls down the stairs nd you try your hardest not to laugh
That awkward moment when someone says hello and you say "Good thanks!"
That awkward moment when you think you look cute but have toilet paper stuck to your shoe. O_o
RT"@MuhdAzimARahman: that awkward moment when u realise ure at the age where people tend to get married."
That awkward moment when your friend jokingly says something about you but it's secretly true
that awkward moment when Blackburn 2-0 is trending when its 2-2 now :/
That awkward moment when you are yelling at someone and you mess up a word
That awkward moment when people are starting their countdown with still 2 hours left. =))))) HAHAHA. Excited for 2012 :D
That awkward moment when you're about to kiss and your gum falls out of your mouth
That awkward moment when u show off and it goes completely wrong:-(
That awkward moment when you get drunk and watch the video's the next day ..*
That awkward moment is when people at the party asking who my girlfriend is.. I mean like...
That awkward moment when Mickey have Goofy as his DOG type of friend. At the same time he have Pluto the DOG as his pet -_-
“@egingrow: That awkward moment you wake up to a picture of naked guys all over your car..”
That awkward moment where you realize you've just pulled an all-nighter before New Year's eve.
That awkward moment when you want to jump on your sleeping friends but genuinely aren't sure how they'll respond... Still debating this one.
that awkward moment when you'd rather hang out with your parents than a bunch of drunk 20 year olds on new year's eve. spy movies wudduppp.
That awkward moment when there's loads of people in the toilets and they can hear you having a long pee
that awkward moment when your friends tell you about a person you've never met, then  you meet them and they look completely different...
The awkward moment when I hope that I will celebrate new year with you tonight :'/
That awkward moment when you realise that you have more friends on Twitter than in 'real' life...
That awkward moment when you post a non awkward moment.
that awkward moment when your spending "happy new year" text to someone and they replied "who's this"
That awkward moment went TweetDeck trolls you thinking you got a mention or dm.....
That awkward moment when you're telling the truth but then you smile and no one believes you.
That awkward moment when someone is wearing more makeup than clothes.
That awkward moment when you have to choose between Dora the illegal immigrant and a psychotic sponge.. Sadly there were no princesses :(
That awkward moment when your friends in Aussie are wishing you a Happy New Year and you're still about 2 hours away.
That awkward moment when you realised the packet of chips you just ate was actually your dad's.
"@WowTeenagers: That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend."
That awkward moment when you're expecting 2012 and all you get is 2011S
I think for every awkward moment tonight, I'm doing a shot. That should fix the problem right?
That awkward moment when your parents think that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.
That awkward moment when you should wish Happy Chinese New Year to a chinese friend, instead you wish him Happy Birthday.
That awkward moment when everybody is writing "Happy new year!" on their facebook status and it's not even a new year.
That awkward moment when you don't know how to reply to a really really sweet text. :))
“@TeenThings That awkward moment when your mother compares you to another kid and she has no idea how much worse they are than you.”
That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded
That awkward moment when your smiling at your phone/computer & your parents ask who you're takling to.
That awkward moment when McDonald's forgets your coffee
that awkward moment when non sai cosa rispondere alla gente.
That awkward moment when you’re talking and you realize no one cares about what you’re saying.
Awkward moment when u receive a text from a friend open it & find out its a chain text that says if u don't forward u will have bad luck :(
That awkward Moment when you want to laugh In a serious situation :$
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend...
That awkward moment when there is a twitter named "kiss me sanchez" .....whats wrong with people these days
That awkward moment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them ‘hey’, but your hand hits the mirror.
That awkward moment when you're telling the truth but then you smile and no one believes you.”
RTTTTT"@Quotingswag: That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded."
That awkward moment when someone replies to your comment on Facebook when it wasn't intended for them.
That awkward moment when the smart water is smarter than you because you can't get the stupid thing open...
That awkward moment when you probably could of slept in cause hannahs late for her own party.
That awkward moment when a phone starts ringing in a quiet .place.
That awkward moment when you really don't know what say in a text.
That awkward moment when someone thinks they beat you at your own game & youre  busy laughing inside bc evidently they have no idea.
That super awkward moment when I'm in the same car with someone I just knew. Just two of us. Silence...
That awkward moment when you catch someone staring at you while you were just about to stare at them.
That awkward moment when you can't hold back your remarks or irritated facial expressions, But don't want them to know you hip to their BS.
That awkward moment when you realize you fucked up last night HAHAH ready for it tomorrow.
That awkward moment when you say "Goodbye!" to someone but you both walk off in the same direction
!!! RT "@WowTeenagers: That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend."
That awkward moment that you forgot to buy a planner for the upcoming year that you always write on for more than a decade.
Like this RT"@WowTeenagers: That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend."
That awkward moment when your neighbors have the same food as yours :|
RT"@SayingsForGirls: That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend!"
That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded.  ><
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend
That awkward moment when you mem-baku-nize "hebat giler" into "hebat GILA" and think that you can still speak like a Sabahan, padahal...
Always happened to me when talking to my bro. “@Quotingswag That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded.”
The awkward moment when your dad gives you that look 0_o
That awkward moment when ur Maths teacher gets caught up in the momnt w/ genius kid & no1 n class understand what the fuck theyr talkin bout
RT“@WowTeenagers That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.”
RThis! "@WowTeenagers: That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend."
That awkward moment when you're expecting 2012 and all you get is 2011s...
that awkward moment , when your in a middle of an argument and you realize you're wrong.
That awkward moment when people say life is short but most people live to be over 100 years.
That awkward moment when your shopping and some random little kid comes up to you and starts saying 2q7R
"@Quotingswag: That awkward moment when you asked a question and no one responded."
That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend! <3
That awkward moment when you walk into your friends home and the power is off. I suppose she can say "نورتوا" now.
Been there, done that!:) still doin it!:)) “@SayingsForGirls: That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend!”
That awkward moment when indian neighbors are making paputok. Lol.
That awkward moment when all your friends are singing a song that you don't know .
“@SayingsForGirls That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend!”
that awkward moment when everyone goes to sleep after the fireworks as if nothing ever happened.
That Awkward Moment When Your Crush Asks You Who YOU Like :|
That awkward moment your dad asks what DTF means
"@BieberTreat: That awkward moment when some countries on the globe are in 2012 and here we are still in 2011."
That awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself .
That awkward moment when you're the only one up & you're in the kitchen trying to grab a bite to eat .. Trying to keep quiet & shit .
That awkward moment when you wanna laugh in a serious conversation...
Awkward moment when u see ur ex and say nothing at all haha it gets  like that bitch
RT@girlposts: That awkward moment when someone asks you, "Do you know ___?" And you can only say, "I used to.."”
That awkward moment when we (in Iran) have to use a VPN Connection to send a tweet & that awkwardER moment when the speed is so f**kin' slow
That awkward moment when half of the world is in 2012 now and half is in 2011 still.
Awkward moment: when you want to tell someone that his zipper is unzip (¬_¬")
That awkward moment when you wake up with a cold -_-
That awkward moment when your watching a movie with your parents and sex scene comes up.
that awkward moment when people on your TL are saying its 2012 but where you are its only 9 am on New Years Eve...
"that awkward moment when you are expecting 2012, and all you get is 2011S." -instagram.
That awkward moment when your mom calls you by your sibling's name.
that awkward moment when your in a middle of an argument and you realize you're wrong.
That awkward moment when you saw a boyband and thinking "this is so gay"
That awkward moment when you're using two forks to eat ham...
That awkward moment when everyone have  have a new years kiss and you just stand there awkward and alone.
That awkward moment when your mom finds your bong...
That awkward moment when the other barber in the shop asks you to take a seat...
That awkward moment when you read something that makes no sense at ALL and is so stupid that it makes you die laughing.
That awkward moment when somebody says "You're up early!" and you just have to shake your head no in shame.
That awkward moment na pwede kaming maging magpinsan....shet. =)))
That awkward moment when a girl is nippin in her sports bra at school and it looks like her nips are
that awkward moment when ur mum and bug cuzin think u fell out with your bestfrined over a boy :/
That awkward moment when PHINEAS & FERB never go to school, but they're still SMARTER than you.
That awkward moment you've got tons of music, but you don't feel like listening to anything or they all bring you hurtfull memories xD
That awkward moment when..
That awkward moment when the person u were drunk texting all night calls the next morning laughing and u don't remember what u said.
"@ijorgebase: That awkward moment sa Hospital na may sinugod na taong naputukan na may putok. Lol." Lol this jorgy! :))
that awkward moment when its not an awkward moment.... Huh?
"@george_collard: That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting."
That awkward moment when ur waiting for walgreens to open....
That awkward moment when you still cannot understand what someones trying to say after they repeated themselves about 4 times.
That awkward moment when u thank God for not being in your own country.
That awkward moment when you're giving her your all, going balls deep & she still doesn't make a sound.
That Awkward Moment When Yooh Kissin a Girl & Yall Both Open Yoor Eyes At Thee Same Time O_o
That awkward moment bila kau accidentally mencarut depan parents kau. Whoops!
That awkward moment when you fall .in love with your best friend.
That awkward moment when someone's talking to you while youre listening to music with your earphones on and you can't hear them&they get mad
that awkward moment when you're a spy and you're in this room hanging from the vents then someone comes in but they don't know you're there
The awkward moment when you thought a girl was a guy and then you realise that its actually a girl :/
That awkward moment when your friends played in front of you and did'nt invite you
That awkward moment when Plankton kahwin dengan computer. Oh kay...
That awkward moment when you throw something at your friend but it hits a complete stranger.
that awkward moment when ure afraid of that.
that awkward moment when u realise ure at the age where people tend to get married.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been singing the words wrong to a song your whole life.
That awkward moment when you spunk a one'r on the roulette machine when you only went hills to get a coupon :/
That awkward moment when Selena says that she's no beauty queen but the fact is she won Female Hottie.
That awkward moment when you push a door that says pull..
that awkward moment when you see Daniel Piza is a TT &  think that  1D fannys trended  something funny again & thought of Liams babe :l :P
That awkward moment when a belieber spells belieber wrong.
That awkward moment when someone chooses ur word over google -_-
That awkward moment when you go by your middle name and yet everyone still says they don't know your middle name
Ill take it gore he or she is new on twitter"@Fakazi_S: That awkward moment when someone sends you a dm saying follow me..."
Or, that awkward moment when something is not about 1D trending and all top comments are about 1D.
That awkward moment when the thunder thighs of the woman sitting next to you on an airplane spills onto your seat.
That awkward moment where an apple genius updates your software and it all works.
That awkward moment you're bbm'ing someone an you know they read the message they just don't answer... :(
That awkward moment when a song called ''Born To Die'' existed o_O''
That awkward moment when you're telling the truth but you're laughing so everyone thinks you're lying.
That awkward moment when you wake up next to a kitten staring at you
That awkward moment when you want to laugh but others seem to be serious.
That awkward moment when you think their tweet is about you :$
“That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse to not hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.
That Awkward Moment When You Get A Funny Text And Laugh Out Loud And Everyone Starts Staring At You.
That awkward moment when you spell the word correctly but it just looks so wrong, so you just stare at it forever
That awkward moment when you don't wanna keep callin somebody house <<<<
That awkward moment when a lil girl watches n smiles at u lol
that awkward moment when you spell "disappointment" correctly but use the wrong "there/their/they're"
That awkward moment when you watch a one armed girl try to clap and you try not to laugh but u can't help it
That awkward moment when the last person you can believe also betray you :)
That awkward moment when Australia and New Zealand are living in 2012 while the rest of the world is still living in 2011...
That Awkward Moment When Somebody Likes An Old Fb Status & Your Jus Thinkin "This Nigga Must Be A Creeper Cause He Hada Go Through 20 Posts"
"That awkward moment when you spell the word correctly but it just looks so wrong, so you just stare at it forever."ASIG!
"@GirlSpeaking: That awkward moment when you fall in love with your best friend! <3"@raedkhouri. Hahahhahahahahah
That awkward moment when people are Tweeting 'Happy New Year' & it's jot until tomorrow for me...
That awkward moment when you already said "what" 3 times and still have no idea what someone said and you just say yes and they stare at you
That awkward moment when i saw mr su at ion orchard and we're like staring at each other.
That awkward moment when u plug ur headphones into ur laptop&put ur earphones in but u don't plug it in the right hole$u don't realize it...
That awkward moment when you have a blonde moment |:
That awkward moment when I have to pee but I don't want to get up.
That awkward moment when you wore winter clothing for a tropical country. I can't help it that HK was cold and PH wasn't!
That awkward moment when your crush as you who you like
That awkward moment when you get home from school and look at yourself in the mirror thinking "did I really look like this all day?"
That awkward moment when someone you don't want to date asks you out... (*_*")
That awkward moment when I realize that the dissecting kit I bought was placed in a box, not in a transparent tupperware.
That awkward moment when you're watching a awesome movie und you thinking 'why am I not the one playing that part'
That awkward moment when your ex best friend doesn't answer to a message.
That awkward moment when someone invited themselves to go out with youu -_-!
That awkward moment you send a bcm that you'll answer any question, they ask who you ask, and you said yourself.
that awkward moment when u wake up at your friends house and she isnt there ..
That awkward moment when you actually have what you're looking fur in your hand
That awkward moment when you have a High School Musical song stuck in your head. (0_o)
