my mama really need to buy me a new battery for my computer.
I think I need to make a powerpoint to convince my parents to buy a new computer. STOP SINKING MONEY INTO THINGS, PARENTS.
LOL i was allowed on the computer today but my dad decided to go buy my brothers new shoes...
Anyone want to buy me a new computer ? that would be pretty nice ......
Looking for computer gadgets to buy, since a new monitor is out of the question for a while...
My computer dies at 80% battery -__- i need to buy a new battery. i guess im not going to by anything this year
Moving to ellenwood tomorrow. Broke af and have to buy a new computer. Just in a bad mood and ready to be back, drinking in athens.
Successfully avoided having to buy a new computer but I lost all my bookmarks and am stuck with the new version of Firefox. Boo.
My dad offered to buy me a new computer today. I said "no". I do have *some* integrity. He's going to have to offer *at least* twice.
my parents piss me off so much. i KNOW you have the money to buy me a new computer you just dont want to.
Played new casual computer game "Escape from Ravenhurst" big fun, great graphics, different.  Can't wait to buy it.
I might persuade my mum to buy me a new computer chair tomorrow. Do they even sell computer chairs in dunelm? i don't even know
I need to buy a new computer
my dad is the first in the family to show displeasure whenever i buy something new… from a t-shirt to a computer product etc. he's the best!
Great, so now my new computer power cord just exploded. It's a sign. I need to buy a new computer.
Livid that my pc won't run star wars the old republic. I think its a sign to buy a new computer... Urgh.
Who wants to buy me a new computer..
Who would like to buy me a new laptop? This computer is so slow, I'm not getting anything done.
Welp, the GDMFSOB internet connection on my computer won't work. My first impulse is to BASH it to pieces and buy a new computer.
so happy!! my dad fixed my computer!!! I dont have to buy a new one
I'm going to buy a new computer
Wanna hear a bad news? My computer is broken once again! I'm afraid I have to buy a new one *wants to keep on working on the site/forum* :(
Of course, all these cheap steam games are gonna turn out really expensive when I have to buy a new computer to run them!
About to go out and buy this new computer!
He's currently fixing my computer so I won't have to buy a new one
About to maybe, possibly go buy a new computer.  Should I stick with Dell?
CAREFULLY upgraded sister's computer's memory. adding the new memory is the easy bit; it's that you have to make sure you buy THE RIGHT ONE
Let's see I want to boycott Apple. Um. I'm getting a new computer. And guy at best buy trying to sell me an apple. Ha.
About to buy the parts for my new studio computer - this is gonna be a beast!
Bah! Computer wouldn't start. After hour of troubleshooting, a RAM module is no good. Cheaper to buy new RAM than shipping for RMA.
In crawley to buy a new computer! Banging!
My mom needs to bring my computer to Staples &get it fixed &buy me new speakers , I wanna download music ):
Who wants to buy me a new Mac computer? :3
This time the power button. Fml...i guess that was sign for me to get of Louis Vuitton website && buy a new computer smh
they computer is ughh to me i really wanna buy them a new one lol
Waiting for cny to buy new computer!!!
My computer is almost dying... I need to buy a new one quickly...
On da computer tryn to buy OKC tickets Wen they play New Orleans or Houston
"- NOtripp tho my mema buyin me a new computer tomorrow &: imma get my godBrother to buy me a new ipadd...
My New Year's resolution is to kill the Geek Squad guy who convinced me to buy an HP computer with the very computer he recommended
I can't help but notice that the urge/need to buy a new guitar and a new computer seem to have arrived at the exact same time.
Build a new computer or buy a prebuilt and upgrade some parts? I have 2 x ATI 6870 video card I would like to keep
I have to buy new antivirus crap for the computer. someone help.
85% chance I am going to buy a 6870 for my computer, just need to make sure it would fit and a new PSU
need to buy a new ac adapter for my computer
I want to buy so many new cd's but I keep forgetting my computer is broken arrrrghghhhg
There are no jokes when it comes to virus protection. If i have to buy a new computer i will kill somebody.
geek squad charge way to much I rather buy a new computer before I get my computer fixed by them
I really need to buy a new carpet and a widdle computer table thingy.
i'm going to buy a new computer on monday~ :D
Well.. I have decided not to do anything for my birthday. Instead, I will buy a new computer.. Cause this here laptop, is not gonna make it
If I had a nickel for every time I wanted to through my computer out the window I'd be able to buy a new computer!!!!
my dad wants to buy a new computer for me but not an iPhone !? in wwhat world are we living in?!
To buy a new computer or not? Hmm.
Ok well time to throw this computer out my office window and just go buy a new 1 lol I don't have time for this foolery
Trying to buy new computer in Currys. Most soul destroying experience in the world.
I want to buy a new computer game but all the ones I want are too expensive :(
Right dinner then off to buy a new computer system for the Business :)
I need to buy a new computer mic.
Off to buy my new computer and become skint in the matter of minutes!:')
My computer is motherfucked. May have to buy a new one tomorrow. Damn....
I seriously need a new computer. This time, I have to buy one that is actually good in the first place, though...
My computer is on some stupid shit . My father just needs to buy me a new one!! -___-
it's sad that I didn't decide to start applying for jobs until I realized I needed a new computer & my mom is not gone buy me one..
i have enough money to buy a new computer but i dont wanna buy one
My computer is officially dead. Two weeks to buy a new one? Uh-oh!
I really don't know if I should buy a new computer or a camera :S Limiting myself to £700
Yeah, I need to buy a new plug for my video capture card, a new mic(normal computer mic, nothing fancy) and an extra hardrive.
My mom just called ' said she's going to buy me a new computer( old one got damaged from my pipes bursting). I'm telling you God works fast)
I need to go Best Buy, check out a new computer
Going to best buy with $30. Which means new mic for the computer!!!!!!
Tomorrow I'm going to rip beat buy a new asshole because they broke my adaptor for my computer.
Im Excited To Buy My New Computer ..On My Own <3
Please do! Maybe it'd give em a reason to buy a new one. “@AlexSlitz: Would really like to throw the work computer through a window.”
Dad's gonna have to buy a new computer screen now cause the computers his fucking life, YAY I'm totally gonna get a laptop now.....
Can't wait to buy a new printer for my computer tomorrow. My current printer is too old. I'm in horrible need of something brand new.
I buy a new (gaming) computer mouse and the first thing I do is go to reddit...
great computer fked up so time to buy a new one -_-
I'm getting ready to do a system restore on my computer. If it doesn't work, who wants to buy me a new computer?
fixed my computer , got most of my lost recordings back . . . about to buy a new guitar and hopefully release a new album soonish .
Going to Best Buy again today in search for my new computer. :b
An advice to anyone who wants to buy a new computer. Don't buy hp.
:: Can't wait to buy a new computer.!
Does anyone have an extra Mac ac adaptor I really don't want to buy a new one bit I miss my computer
Time to buy a new computer :D
ugh so pissed I have to buy a whole new computer!..
Gah! Diagnostic test telling me to address this long list of problems and bugs. Thinking it might be easier to go buy a new computer.
All my tech geniuses, how can I make my computer faster. I have an old dell. Inspiron E1505, no money to buy a new one right now. Thanks!
So remember, kids, if your battery swells to twice its normal size and bends your computer, it's normal. Just buy a new one.
Last night I think my computer's power plug hole thingy shit the bed. I may suddenly and expensively have to buy a new computer. Fuuuuuck.
I gotta get my computer back  ,,or buy a new one today bcuz I neeed to search
New post: Suunto Wrist-Top Computer Watch Suunto Wrist-Top Computer Watch Replacement Battery Kit (T1, T3, and T4) to Buy And Save http://t
Need to buy a new computer.. PC or Mac? Help me out here people..
Had to buy a ****ing new computer! All you nerds who gave my "Angry Jim impostor" a hard time with dumb ****ing questions can **** yourself!
Uuuuuuggggggghhhhhh: My computer has a virus, just 2 days after my Norton software expired. So got to buy new 2012 version! Con-spiracy? Yes
The Microsoft tax is just a subsidy for a new PC. Try to buy a Linux computer for less than a Windows PC. Can't be done. Crapware lives.
That awkward moment when you think you are going to marry your favourite singer, and like have to buy a new computer xb
Smh and it's time to buy a new computer
about to buy this new operating system for my computer.. it better not fuck my shit up
At Best Buy now, waiting to pick up our new computer. Always take advantage of free wi-fi, darlings (a)
When the time comes for me to buy a new computer, I'll really consider getting a Mac Book Pro, read/heard nothing but good things about them
Really wish I didn't have to make a car payment and could buy a new computer instead. Christmas sales are insane!!!!
Bought a new computer today at best buy was asked if I wanted to pay for the geek squad I told them no. I was the geek squad
think i might be able to buy me a new computer...
i effin love this new computer ....ii just need to buy a web camera for it.....
Since I'm Failing Keyboarding & Trig, She Makin Me Go With Her To Buy A New Keyboard For The Computer & Rent A Trig Book From The Library-_-
Computer finally wants to work after 4 freaking long days. I have a feeling I am going to need to buy a new one :(
Working every day non stop sucks! But the pay cheque is going to be well deserved and buy me a new computer :)
Omfg every Phone i get sum always happennss tO MY CHAGRER  now i have to Go fuckn buy a new one & charging da Phone on da computer teks long
I REALLY need to invest in a new camera thing for my computer, fucking BEST BUY, fucked my drive up and i'm constantly UPSIDE DOWN
Like I got money to buy another bitch a new computer
ready to buy me a new laptop netbook ipad somethinnnnngggg! my computer is throughhhhhhh!
New computer/laptop for Christmas? Let Geek In Heels set your new toy up. Don't let stores convince you to buy unecessary software!
I hate apple so much, if you buy content on one computer add it to your ipod, then connect up to a new computer, the DRM disables the video.
I have to buy a new computer -_____-  lmfao..
But We Have Decided To Buy A New Computer Last Night People So Don't Worry Will Be Back Soon.
Well... I got my new computer. But sadly, I can't use it since my goddamn hard drive isn't compatible. I'll have to buy another tomorrow. :|
We Have Decided To Buy A New Computer
The way to do sale shopping: roll out of bed at 10am, switch computer on, click, buy. New bathroom towels procured. Sale shopping done.
Soon off to buy a new computer so exciteeeed:)
I should buy a new graphics card for my computer since im pluggin it to a 3D tv
Need to stoop playing nd buy this new dell Battery for my computer. Ugh. Ima hate putting out this $200
My Computer were wored out of trouble..I need to get money for buy a brand new one..
I have to buy a new computer. Where's jonny craig when I need him?
I am praying I don't have to buy a new computer..any computer experts on here. DM me so I can tell u what my PC doing.
Oh man, tried looking at shit to buy a new computer. Gonna need some hand holding here, don't understand a damn thing. But now I sleep.
Also, my fucking computer. It's a piece of shiiiiittt. I do not want to have to buy a new one, but it breaks 2x/year. NOT OKAY WITH ME.
so dad was going to give me money to buy clothes for Christmas, but instead he's getting me a new computer(:
Well looks like I'll be using the money I saved for my trip to buy tires and a new computer. Fuck everything about my life right now.
buy new headphones...start listening to every song on your computer...find songs you never knew you had...and will never listen to again
About to buy a new little computer~
So I guess I'll be plugging a new motherboard into my computer soon. If I'm lucky I won't have to buy a new copy of Windows as the same time
Having to buy a new computer battery<<<<<<<<
Just bought myself a new computer with the help of some large Best Buy gift cards. Merry Christmas to me!!!
so my computer is broken and i cant get on. time to buy a new one. once i get money
About to buy a new computer yea boy! Let me get it with that new blu-ray son! Lol
Computer nerds, what's the best place to buy a new pc?
Who is having the best after Christmas sales today? It is time to buy a new computer. Or should I wait until after New Years?
gonna have to buy a new computer. *siiiiiighhhhh*
Today is not a good day my computer died on me I lost everything I can't take it anymore I had to buy a new one
Tryna think if ima buy a new computer now or wait til I get back to lilrock. dell or a mac?
Got a new computer desk for Christmas, now is anyone going to be a hero and buy me a new computer so I can get back on cam sooner? Hehe
Gonna have to buy a new computer :(
there is a big change that I will buy a new computer tomorrow. meaning I might be able to start LP:ing with a LP I'm happy about.
after buying MW3 controller, no things i want to buy, i shall save money to buy new computer, seriously this computer is laggy = =
I don't want my web pages in italic omg. I'm just going to buy a new computer I think, this is too hard for me.
want to hit the sales but I can't until I buy my new computer so I can see how much money I have left:/
I need to buy a new computer. But my father doesn't think so.
...luckily, macs are that damn good that I hadn't had to buy a new computer.
idk what to spend my money on..i could save up and buy something...or get like a new computer or ipod touch or somethin..idk tho..
I need to go to ikea and buy a new desk and computer chair
Turns out Portal 2 overheats my laptop... guess that means its time to buy a new computer.
It's been so long since I've had to buy new computer hardware for a custom build.  I have no idea what mobos, processors are best anymore.
computer just to buy/add new songs. WOW. Okay. Major brain fart for the past, what. 3? 4 years? JESUS.
Downloading something on this computer will make it shut down and we'd have to buy a new one but EOS is effing up soo...
I think my aunt just agreed/offered to buy me a new computer............ Hi.
should I buy a camera first or a new computer? This old macbook won't be able to edit 1080p videos. takes forever to render 720p right now
looking to buy a new setup for my computer/tv help me out here
Tomorrow means sales?! Time to buy a new computer :p
Really want to go buy this new computer but I just can't justify spending that much money on it right now.
Ugh I need to buy a new computer
Please god the last thing I need is to have to buy a new fucking computer
My computer restarts again and again without warning. Have to work with Dad's Netbook now and buy a new motherboard. Fantuckingfastic.
Connived with dad to buy a new computer for my siblings for Christmas. 18yo sister already locked herself out of the only account on it.
I think im going to buy a laptop or a new computer then buy a capture card so I can stream.
Got Skyrim for Christmas, and enough money to help me buy a new computer :D eventually......
Alright now i have enough cash to buy and build up a new computer :)
fuking hate this computer cant wait for the summer to buy a new one
On my way to buy a new computer =:D
Either need to get someone to sort out my computer or buy a new one, before the current one finds it's way out the window!
Debating if I should buy some nikes, a skateboard, a new monitor for my computer, or clothes......this is something i need to think about.
I'm so mad about disconnecting from LoL that I'm going to buy a new computer.  Consumerism at its finest.
I told my mom I was going to buy her a new set of pots and pans and she replied "Fuck that, I don't go pick out your computer for you."
Really hoping to get back into my graphic design stuff this year when I finally can buy me a new computer!
So I'm goin have to buy myself a new computer
New post: Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals - Confused Teenage Girl Using Computer - 48"W x 32"H Removable Graphic to Buy Cheap Prices
Who's going to buy me a new computer? I need it baaaaaad!
MERRY CHRISTMAS time to go buy me a new computer.
Computer I spent hours on is now running at a slightly increased speed. They make it so It really *is* just better to buy a new one, eh?
Damn computer froze I need to buy a new studio computer
its quite pointless to fix it,  because i'm going to buy new computer.@MajaNilsson1996
I need a new computer chair I prefer one with a massager on the back who wants to buy me one for Christmas??
My father need to buy my new screen for my computer so I can order my uggs
But theres a million and one viruses on my computer right now .. might jus have to buy a new one this wk !
My computer was destroyed I can not decide whether to buy a new computer or iPad 2
Im so excited about my new MacBook air, I want to go buy keyboard cover and computer cover and new bag today
My daddy is struggling at this computer lmao think he needs to buy a new chair cuz that one don't seem to like him too well LLS
This mild weather has me spoiled. Glad I found a new battery for my laptop. Plans to buy a new computer are off. Budget goes for other stuf…
i think ima have to buy a new keyboard for the computer soon..
WOHO I GOT MONEY TO BUY A NEW COMPUTER, HELLYEAHHHHH. AND A 1D CD!!
this computer is not finding my phone , i have to go buy me a new USB card tomorrow ( well charger) SUCKS !
New post: New 2010 Green Kurt Kinetic Road Machine with Riser Ring, Power Computer & Floor Mat Package to Buy And Save Big http://wirelessb
Badly need to buy a new computer set. Tss
I wish there was some way to reboot your computer without having to buy a new pair of boots every damn time.
New post: Riverside Crossroads Corner Laptop/Computer Cabinet with Optional Hutch - Black - RVS1236 to Buy And Save Big http://computerhutc
Are any of you willing to get me a new chain for Christmas? No? I guess I'll just go buy some computer duster~ be back in a while
I broke my laptop screen costs $1200 to repair. the computer still works and I can use it as desktop I can buy a new mac for that price
