Going to buy new phone for this new year. Yehee :D
A friend's mom's new year's resolution is to buy a new phone. Her current phone is an iPhone 4. She wanted to buy iPhone 4S.
should've to me I've would've waited “@TheJuice_: Somebody come in and buy a new phone today. Lol.”
My phone fell in the toilet, shit wouldnt charge, just when I was about to buy a new phone found a phone-battery-charger on amazon !
My phone is dying! I really don't wanna have to buy a new one, but it looks that way!
Going to buy new phone next month…
taking a shower, then off to the city to buy a new phone. MEH I MISS IT :(
Off to buy me a new phone, Kohaku was a total fail! Gotta download it HD later.
I'm happy I have to buy both my parents a new phone charger even though they only had one. Thanks to
Ok decided. After getting the $350, im gonna use it to buy a new phone. Ok cool :3
If she doesn't get a new phone soon I might have to just buy the IPhone for her wtf
So it looks like imma have to go out and buy a new phone and memory card again -_-
did any of you buy electronic stuff on Amazon? Opinions? I'm thinking to buy my new phone there...
Going to force my dad to buy new phone. Fucking jealous with Izzat.
Instead of buying a new phone... I will just buy a new battery nd reset phone to factory setting nd I'm good...#Moneycannotwaste
I really wanna buy John a new phone before he goes to the Navy, his current phone is a piece of shit
I really really really still need to buy a new phone.
Woowowww like to buy some new phone
mann im just going to buy myself a new cord for my phone -____-
I want to buy a new phone, a Polaroid, clothes this 2012. And I need to have lots of money. ☺
I'm hella mad, i lost my bow to my phone case. Now gotta buy a new case"/
I just found out i wont have to buy a new phone cause the nurse at my job is giving hers away ! Yaya
Do I really have to go to the shops today to buy a new phone? Xx
Ohh , you should have used that money to buy a new phone sweetie !
What to do when you can't sleep: 1) Read book. 2) Get bored of book & buy a new phone. 3) Spend £300 when you don't really have the pennies.
Need to buy me a new phone
who wants to buy me a new phone?
The good thing about earning money, when your phone doesn't work, you buy a new one. The bad side, it's not easy to earn money.
Paycheck was nice af, gonna buy my new phone once I go to the bank niggass :P
my new years resolution: not to buy a new phone every other month. And maybe start saving money!
Would like to buy a new phone but ill wait for it
I guess I have to buy a new phone
I wish I had money to buy myself a new phone.
Am I going to buy a new phone again? :)))) Hahaha!
- I Have A Job , In My Phone Firmly Off, In I'm Bouta Buy A New Xbox Today Phahahaha, Smh Ion Kno How To Manage My Money ,. .
If 1,940 people would be kind enough to give me 5 pesos, I would have enough money to buy a new phone. Hahaha
I needd to buy a new phone
i need to get out and buy a prepaid card for my phone just so i may be able to greet each and everyone of you a very Happy New Year!!
Later going to parkway to get my new phone + buy accessories for the sony tablet :)
Can't wait to buy my new phone next year! But I would have to wait till March to get it:(
Where can I paputay at this hour? I need money to buy a new phone. Ugh.
Looks like I'm gonna have to buy a new battery after all, my phone will be back on tomorrow morning
I might have to buy a new phone and I'm not going any lower than the model i had.....
I need a new phone who want to buy it for me
“@assiram8D: That's cool mom, you can buy her a new phone and not me. Way to pick your favorite daughter.”
I need to buy a new cell phone which one is better nokia or sony???
bed in a bit then going to the crossings to meet up with this craigslist lady to buy my phone:) then buying my iphone THEN new years party
Nobody on kijiji is replying to me :( jeez might as well go to pmall to buy a new phone
I'm ready to buy my new phone <3 lawh.
need to buy new phone and laptop
need to buy a new phone
I want a new phone.... I beed to go to best buy!!!
saving up to buy a new phone so far i have 12 dollars :D LOL
Ok going out to buy my new phone now! Pls have nice no n the phone!!!
Im about to buy another new phone because this one is not going to cut it
Gotta resort to my phone until i buy a new hard drive off amazon /: maaaan
I need to buy a new charger.... Duck ass phone.
Things to do this week: 1⃣get my phone checked 2⃣buy a new case for it 3⃣piercinggggggg bitches
Got my phone back. Thanks to the Best Buy protection plan. New phone in 3 days. 2011 highlight...sike
So, you buy me a new phone and you expect me not to use it all the time. You are a moron. Did you know that?
I hate my phone! :( looking to buy a new one next week uggh.
I need to either get my screen fix or buy a new phone
Need to buy a new phone case. To eBay!!
Haha okay. Off to buy new phone.
My blackberry is zzzzzzz... *hv to buy new phone but I don't hv money*
an my daddy just bought it .. he gone b talkn alot of shit if he have to buy me a new phone
I need to buy a new phone ._.
My mom and sister bought their new phone. I need to buy something new for myself too!!!! :$
i need a new phone and somebody to buy it
I gotta buy me a new phone cause my old *itch to nosey. -lito
i need to buy new screen protector. might as well i change the whole phone right. haha.
He Gone Have To Scavenge Up Some Change & Buy Him A New One If He Wanna Use His Phone.
&& New 6V,410mA Portable Travelling Solar Charger for Cell Phone w/ USB charging cable,GPS,DC,MP3/4 to Buy Cheapest Prices http://solarpowe
ummmm bout to buy me a new phone!!!!!
I love my new phone it has to much memory it is crazy i dont even think im gonna need to buy a memory card for it!! .**2012**
Can't Wait To Buy Mee A New Phone Next Weeeeek !
I'm planning to buy a new phone for 2012. just I wanna have gift for myself!
So I'm def missing my boo. I need to buy a phone card and call her for New Years.
I miss my baby , I'm tempted to buy him a new phone cus the one he got is ASS !!!!
Got to buy a new phone tomorrow.. Smh.... Anybody want to buy it
Guess ill have to go buy a new phone tomorrow
niggas is on ebay selling concords for $500/600..uh ..i might have to give mine up i can buy a new phone with that !
in home button on my iphone isnt working right.,..might have to buy a new phone ... i wanna wait til the 5 comes out tho
I'm going to buy myself a new phone the phone i have now I've dropped it numerous times and it is cracked open time to upgrade for 2012.
LOST PHONE! On the way to tmobile to buy a new one :(
who wants to buy me a new phone? ill love you forever :)
Bout to just buy a new phone and say fuck it
Hmmm... save up for one more music festival or buy a new mobile phone and spend money on mobile internet to tweet all day and hope?!
Im so ready to buy a new phone next week...
Who wants to buy me a new phone for my Birthday C: lol
"@teamASAP: im slow to buy a new phone for good reason." U said the same about weight watchers
Anyone want to buy a 4g sprint phone for 150 ? Only selling it cause I'm gettin a new phone
im slow to buy a new phone for good reason.
I think 2 year phone contracts are the stupidest thing ever, I should be able to buy a new phone whenever I want.
"@thenameslamar: this christmas money about to buy me this new phone" because my 10 year old bro has the same phone as you... Hahaha
and i just bought an ipad2 and plans to buy a new mobile phone too... -__-
this christmas money about to buy me this new phone
I refuse to buy a case for my phone until i get a new one
So my mom has to go our and buy me a whole new case for my phone because the one I have decided it wanted to turn red
Anyways, my birthday is right there, who wants to buy me a new phone?
Again? -__- RT "@shauna_tamara: so I just dropped my phone and the screen is black ! lol I have no choice but to buy a new one now :("
so I just dropped my phone and the screen is black ! lol I have no choice but to buy a new one now :(
choosing a new phone to buy is proving difficult
Who wants to buy me a new phone? All I want is an iPhone 4s! :)
What!! What kind of phone am i going to buy now, if the new samsung galaxy s2 (LTE or something) aren't coming out..? Help please :)
sketchy phone. not really sure if it works or not yet...glad I have to spend money to buy a new one.
I need to buy a new phone becouse my camera is gone and when i ring anyone it dose not make a ringing sound so it is time to buy a new one
I need to buy a new phone case.
Followed my sis to buy a new phone from someone. The place where we were supposed to meet got shot up. Like -_- i need to get home.
Somebody needs to buy me a new phone
looks like ill be off to buy a new phone tomorrow if mine doesnt start working:(
I might gone buy me a new phone cause I need my text messaging to act right
Heading to the store to pay my cell phone bill and buy booze for tomorrows New Years party. ALCOHOL!!
I'm so tempted to go buy a new phone RIGHT NOW! But I know I just dropped $800 on black swan 2day..
WTF, stupid guy telling me i need to buy a new phone cause mine can't be repaired..
What to do later??? How bout buy a new phone?
The hotel called and they want me to work tomorrow.. Ima do it to buy my mammy a new phone :(
Who wants to buy me a new phone?
I want to buy myself the new Samsung galaxy nexus phone today! But I'll probably regret it when comes to funding. I hate being responsible!
Debatin if I want to buy my new phone tomorrow or not
I need to buy a new phone... This garbage android needs to go pronto
This guy is a real piece of shit. His kid just died in the hospital and he's on the phone trying to buy a new four wheeler.
I need to buy a new charger for my phone. Im starting to miss certain ppl
have no idea what new phone to buy.. have until the 6th of january!!
I had to buy a new memory card for my phone. : (
Has had a broken phone for over a week, not happy! needs fixing or some1 needs to buy me a new one cant cope with this replacment any longer
phone's always dead i need to buy a new charger.
I think im abt to buy me a new phone case
Soooooooo it will cost like $119 for them to order the screen for my phone  then another $40 to fix it uh I might as well buy a new phone
Would someone like to buy me a new phone? I'm extremely desperate and would be extremely grateful:')
The Money I'm Suspose. To Buy My New Phone With I Keep Spending -___-
I think I'm gonna buy me a Bumper for my phone. New years gift to me! :)
If things go as planned, I should be able to buy a new tv and a new phone and still be ballin' :D
I cant wait to buy a new phone this one is getting on my last nerves.........
Because my dad was gonna buy me a new phone , my mom says let's go to a different mall ' knowin Lenox only has the Apple Store .
Need a new phone but refusing a new contract! Would prefer to buy a phone from someone
A customer came in today to buy a new phone for her daughter, whom she told us ran away last month. Buy her an electric fence - not a phone.
Happy New Year to all you tweeters out there... May 2012 be the best yet... Don't forget the buy your cell phone shields from JJemic
Daddy Said I Got To Buy Myself A New Phone
NIgga keep lying to my momma telling her the iPhone 5 coming out, so she wont buy me a new phone. I want him to sit his lite brite ass dwn.
Need to buy me a new phone, that'll be a christmas gift to myself from me :D
How my dad goin to get a new phone and not buy me one ? -___-
Had To Buy A Whole New Phone...smh
Im Upset that I have to buy a new phone and a new Battery..
There's no hope for my mom's phone, she just needs to budge and buy a new one.
How You Come To Boost Mobile To Buy A New Phone Then Leave It Lol
“@SmellMy_Roses I need to buy a new phone case but not w/ my money”
<=== NEED TO BUY A NEW PHONE CHARGER SMH
Hmmm. now should i just get new sidekick or buy the phone i was planning to buy??
I drop my phone so much Ima have to buy a new one before my upgrade come...
I need to buy a new phone case but not w/ my money
Trying to cancel this apple care shit expensive mite as well buy a new phone same price lbs
I need to go buy a new phone.
I need to buy me a new phone, whats the best phone for sprint ?
I just took my phone case off trying to buy a new one and my damn phone cracked on the back sdjdbfbfjdkfndndndnd
New years resolution is to not buy food while im out unnecessarily.. Finally gonna be rich hahahahahhahaa new phone here I come!
The phone had to go though. It was the last link to his former life. His new life was to be free of satellite phones. He'd buy a disposable.
so when i can finally buy the phone, i cant really afford the rates -_- .its too close to the new year for this !
Tried and eventually managed to buy a new phone from O2, mastercard got blocked, seems theres a lot of fraud when it comes to mobile!!!!
I really need to buy a new laptop. My phone dies too quickly lol
Welp, my phone is broken! And guess who didnt get insurance on it.....? Sigh...off to buy a new one.....but @ least i can afford it...
, I have to hurry up &buy a new phone, i can't deal w/this big ass phone
Going to buy my brother a new phone..lucky i love that little boy
Have to buy an entire new phone
Imma need my mom to hurry home ASAP so I can get the car and buy my new cell phone !!!!
I refuse to buy a new phone so I guess I'll just deal with it.
Gotta buy me a new phone cause my old bitch to nosey .. Lito
shitt, about bout to go buy this new phone, i cant stand this blackberry much longer.
Gotta buy me a new phone because my old chick to nosey.
I'm so damn annoyed I had to buy a new phone because of some bum a bitch!
The touch-pad technology part of my smartphone has quit working.  Can that be fixed or am I doomed to buy a new phone with 4 mths to go?
oh yeah a new phone this year! i promise to buy alll the stuff that goes wt it to protect this phone! Im tired of killin phones
Bout to try to get my daddy to buy me a new phone
My mom wants to buy a new phone , one better than mine , oh nonono lol.
my mom is going to buy me a new phone heyoooo.
No mom I do not want to replace this crappy phone again I want to buy a new one with my MONEY sigh
my mom just pressed me about how i dont answer her phone calls .. MY PHONE IS BROKE maybe if you buy me a new you wont have to complain lol
what a bitch man. i mest up my phone /: i need to buy a new one now.
To buy a new phone...or not to buy a new phone...that is thee question!
Twitter update!!! .Got my phone fixed, so avoided having to buy a new one!!!! I<3 apple store
i did not buy this phone in August just to be getting a new one in january
man what im about to do is buy stormie a new fucking cell phone so he can cut the bullshit out.
Going To Get My Eyebrows Done, Buy Me This New Phone , Then WORK . Ima Be Sleepyyyy .
i think cell phone manufacturers purposely make phones fuck up after a year so you HAVE to go buy a new one.
Time to buy new batteries for my phone
about to go take a shower and go buy me a new pair of head phone ! :D
Well, I'm off to the AT&T store to get a new phone.  I've had my same razor for many years.  So sad to give it up - wonder what I might buy?
I need to buy a new memory card for my phone
Bout to buy this new phone & new #
Gonna get a new phone againn :))!! Whoever is down to buy a blackberry from me, lemme knnno :D
i was suppose to buy my new phone last week . haha . i just dont wanna pay for the shit .
I need to buy new clothes for my baby of 2 months (my phone) lol
Trying to persuade my mum to buy me a new phone.. Think its working :D
Need to go to bestbuy and buy a new charger for my phone soon its almost messed up to the max shits looking ghetto .
Mom:how much was ur check .Me..gave the amount .Mom: imma have to buy your phone huh .Me: ugh I need a new job .Mom: yes u do lol
Going to buy mee some sneakers & some new phone cases !
Oi! Am I the coolest G on road or WHAT?! I bought Apple Care! I don't have to buy a new phone! Fuckooooooapple, fuckooooo.
Think I'm about to buy a new phone.
i wnt to go buy my new phone today!
So my contract with T-Mobile is over and I hv to buy a new phone, so I either get 2 more yrs n an upgrade or I was thinking about Sprint hmm
Ok I need to buy sm new earphones for my phone.. I'm working on literally one earpiece n the mic... Other part lost
I am watching yes dear and getting ready to go out for lunch. I am hoping to pick up a car dock for my new phone at best buy.
I need to buy a new phone :)
Man I thought I was gone have to buy a new phone
just paid 1700 in bills and about to go buy myself a new phone...can't work hard just to pay bills. Got to spoil myself sometimes
Headache about choosing what new phone to buy when I can only re-contract next year April! "O
May go up to sprint today or just wait til my dad buy me a new phone like he said he will... Naw I need to go up to sprint today.!
My new years resolution will be to not buy a phone at all in 2012!
my mother is trying to force me to buy a new phone -_-
I need to buy a new phone.
Need to buy a new phone
I'm gonna have to break down and buy a new car phone charger...damn electric tape didn't work
Sweet she wanted to buy me a new phone.. I can live without a phone it's okay
Gotta go get fabric . Buy a new phone case & maybe go to Cold Stones
they wouldnt  even acknowledge the fact that buying out of the plan is an option. it would be cheaper for me to do that than buy a new phone
Putting my phone on charge shouldn't be this difficult. Still can't be bothered to buy a new one.
Looks like imma have to buy a new phone. ipad 2 resolution
I hope I make enough money today to buy my new phone.
Getting a new phone tomorrow. Pray to god they don't persuade me to buy a blackberry.
Which one of my followers love me enough to buy me a new phone?  . .None of y'all -_-
Going to buy my new phone tomorrow ,, !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wat u getting me lol  RT Im_DatNigga94: tomorrow im going to buy me a new phone
I needa buy a new phone but idk which phone to buy .
I need to buy my baby a new phone cause this ain't go work....
Who wants to buy me a new phone...please dnt all speak at once.!!!
Who wants to buy me a new phone bc this one is possesed!
Hoping that my bb is still working fine! No damages please! Don't know yet if I can earn to buy a new phone. -___-
my dad just tried to make feel better by offering to buy me a new phone -_______________________-
Using this money to buy myself a new phone.
Bout to go make these moves, probably buy a new phone today
......um im goin to buy me a new phone!
I'm bout to hit best buy need a new phone
out to soho . gotta buy a new phone cause my shit crashed .
And Abah, you really have to buy me a new phone. That new BB Torch. The second version. Okay? Hihi.
Freaking got my phone stolen and no money to buy a new one smh FML
Discoveries: I hate touch screens and droids. Also: I need to buy a new, new phone. # blackberry4life
needing to buy a new phone so getting that new bass is out of the window, raging.
I'm mad I have to buy a new phone
So tmrw must wake up early n go n buy new phone then go nex n ingredient before coming home to celebrate new year!^^
I don't see why my parents won't allow me to buy a new phone even if I use my own money hays
My phone automatically turns off -__- it`s a sign I need to buy a new one hihi
For New Year 2012, I'll be wearing Green, I decided not to buy something polka anymore, my phone's case is polka dots!collected coins too!:)
Im feeling slightly rough. . . ill get an early night 2nite for New Years! Need to buy a new phone pronto! KMT... MUM... im alive lol ;) x
i woke up too late to buy a new phone/contract andnow im not going to have easy access to internet for 5 days
Going with rouba , to buy a new phone
Best Buy has BOGO iPhone 4 32GB today & tomorrow..just to let those know who need a new phone. Not the 4S, the 4
moms going to buy me a new phone, thank god. i love her
going to buy me a new phone :) , & prob. change my number too
need to go & buy a new phone
I hate my phone!!!  Time to buy a new one.
Phone is actung extra wack...this just making me want to go to verizon n buy a new one smh
I'm on my phone like I have my charger >.< .I need to go buy a new one.
I HAVE to buy a new phone. I can't take it anymore.
I need to buy a new phone charger because my current one stopped working -___-
Need to buy new phone but dont want iPhone or blackberry need one where all messages are linked together like the I phone does .Suggestions
Nah I shall wait until this machine of mine breakdown. Then my parents will have no excuse but to buy me a new phone.
Went to the mall but didnt have the urge to buy a new phone or purchase the memory card (or even ask if its still avail).
Someone I going to buy new phone. (Blackberry) fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk...
Had a dream a guy ran over my iPhone. He offered to buy me a new one but then the garbage truck woke me up and now I have no phone. :(
I seriously don't wanna have to buy a new phone
I need a new phone but before I buy one for myself I need to get my fiance one
planning to buy a new phone that would last more than 2 years.. at a reasonable price of course.. help? :)
I think I will call my momma to buy me new phone next year.
i want to buy new phone !
Okay so.. If my phone doesn't work. I'm going to sell my shoes and buy a new one. I have plenty of shoes that are mint condition.
New year, come faster lah. I want to buy new phone!
I'd like to buy a new case for my phone- but I'd also like to not pay a bilion pounds for one. Why can't I get a decent one for about £5?!
want to buy iPAD 2 or new phone??? anyone give me suggestion??
Wah! iPhone 4 is officially broke. Can't make phone calls. Looks like I have to buy the new one. Oh
Hollaa! I'm using SS in my old phone!! When my dad give me new phone! He's promise to buy new phone for mehh =.="!so long!
Ready to buy a new phone
My phone charger isn't working. :'(. Going to buy a new iPhone tomorrow. ^_^
I need a new phone who wants to buy me a new EVO
been trying to fix this damn phone since 9pm and its now 5am...... might have to fuck around and buy a new one if sprint cant restore it
mom gave me some money and asked me to buy a new phone. lol no. im gonna keep it. just incase.... for next year. lol
I want to buy a new case for my phone!!! Y all boring one!!!!!
Sooo I decided I would buy myself a new phone when I get back to Fay...maybe even get a tattoo...lol
She has fore-sight "@chickykenny: My friend said her new year resolution is to buy a Bold 6 blackberry phone-does this make sense?"
My friend said her new year resolution is to buy a Bold 6 blackberry phone-does this make sense?
So tempted to buy a new phone so i could be friends with soshi through kakaotalk.
off to buy a new phone today, no idea which one to chhose
.im about to gone head a buy a new phone!!
yu need to buy a new phone period
And tomorrow we're going to go buy my new phone <3
really need to buy a new memory card for my blackberry phone. it has been damaged since two days ago cb!
den head to best buy buy dis new phone....
FINALLY going to buy me a new phone.
D'lo is going to buy me a new phone ^__^ lol
Who wants to buy me a new phone so I know it's real
just searching new phone to buy for my self in new year, maybe new drums I want Dx hard to choose one~
Prev tweet... I've yet to buy a new SIM since my phone was stolen 2 weeks ago. Life's so much peaceful since! ^_^ (I do miss the txt jokes)
I definitely wanted a new phone...but HAVING to buy one when I really sit have the money bc this one just broke is so frustrating.
Im about to be nice to my mama this weekend and all next week so she could buy me a new phone!
Going to buy a new phone in the morning
I need to buy a new phone charger - mine is too janky .
I hope I dnt have to buy a new phone
gonn be phonless i refuse to buy a new phone whe nothing was wrong with mine .
Lost my iPhone 4. Fuck my fucking life. Refusing to buy a new phone for at least a month. Later cyberspace.
I need to buy me a new phone asap
Need to buy me a new phone.
Margareth,you have just bought a bag now you must save your money to buy a new phone :) YOU MUST SAVE YOUR MONEY
going out to buy new phone later...
i cant take u serious with that phone. im gonna need to buy u a new one so u look manly.
If anyone has a verizone phone I can buy and in good condition please let me know if not I have to get a hole new phone
Need to save money to buy new phone . i love HTC na !!! :))  Iphone sucks!
going to buy a new phone 2maro... does anybody know anybody selling a iphone 4?
going to buy new casing for my phone :))
Gila lah..i feel like to take out my money and buy the new phone again! And i'll sell my phone completely for $300 hehehe..
I really do hope my mom will take me to buy a new phone
Almsot Donee Saving Up To Buy MY New Phone : ) Feeling Mature
i'm really gonna have to buy a new phone tomorrow .. i can't go without one . /:
I'm about to buy a new phone !!! Shit pissin me off
either I buy a new phone or just buy the clothes I want to buy now. :( UGH! What a girl to do??
I hate when almost new phone chargers start tearing up...I don't want to have to buy a new one
Who wants to buy me a new phone??? I really need it..
was gonna buy a new phone.. but a sexy car is more important ;) lol ready to start my J-O-B!!
If I were to buy the iphone or any other phone, I'd have to make a whole new twitter :(
if anyone want's to buy me a new phone feel free.
I need to buy ths bitch a new Phone
If I have to buy a new phone I'm going to be swole
Had to leave my phone at Best Buy because it was taking too long to transfer my over 1300 contacts into my new Iphone...I'm that popular??
whos selling a tmobile phone. i refuse to buy a brand new one to use for 4 months
My android is kinda acting crazy, just like my blackberry started to do near the end of it's life span...I cannot buy a new phone now!!
I Mite Use My Christmas Money To Buy A New Phone. Rns.
T-Mobile tries to hard to sell their phones. Anytime I walk by one they always say come and buy your new phone :o
“@fyanrudger: Phone is wack again. Went to buy a new one and they're sold out of 4s'ssss. Back to 1995.” I can help with this...
You know you have to much money when you go outa your contract to buy a new phone full price for $550.
Instead of getting my hair did gonna buy me a new phone and go to church with lexi's mom , love you baby girl<3
Everybody Wants To Buy Me A New Phone, Ugh I Love Y'all !!
Had to buy an new phone today
Contemplating whether I want to keep this phone or buy a new one.. help :O
, i'ma buy myself a new phone cz waiting on sumbody to get it for me i'll never get it .
im about to buy a new phone and this 2year contract shit is scary man. its lik a fuckin relationship
i gotta convince someone to buy me 8 mile for my b-day lol still working on the hubby for a new cell phone lol
IF I HAD MONEY I'D BUY A NEW BMX. Souls in Jersey via cell phone thanks to Mikey. Next year, totally going to Home For the Holidays.
Fml I have to buy a new phone!!!
my step mom said she's going to buy me a new phone at the end of january :D
Damn I need to buy a new housing for my phone :/ but I'm broke ...
yo fuck this phone, about to not even buy a new one. disconnect and such.
Rio died, I'm heart broken. Also I have to buy a new phone and I have no money. This sucks.
I need to buy a new phone case!
I need to buy a new phone -_-
_jaxon i dont have a phone, it broke =( my mom tried to buy me a new phone but i said NO im putting nchtvA
Going to the mall so my mom can buy a new phone finally.
Fuck I neeed to go buy a new phone card
About time...he he RT Kat_at_LSP: Off to buy a new cell phone.
Sooooo who's going to buy this sweet  girl her new phone? No one? okay i thought so; dicks...
Someone remind me pleaaaase to buy a new phone tomorrow.. I forget day after day kmt
I'd take my baby to the mall to buy NOTHING and leave out with 53 new phone numbers....
Msz geez its time for ya to buy a new cell phone !! I have nobody to talkinshit withhhhhh now :( looooll
Damn, Its Gon Be 120 To Fix My Phone && I Gotta Buy A New Battery.! Deezammmmmmmmmmmmm.!
my father just needs to be smart and tell at&t to either send me another blackberry or just buy me a brand new phone.
haha mom you dont have to buy me a new phone for my brithday present XD
I need to buy myself a new memory card for my phone, I have like no space for anything.
&i don't have insurance. ....meaning....i have to buy a new phone.
On my way to Best Buy to get a new phone.
It's abt to b a new year so go buy you a new phone or dnt put it on ur phone at all
awww that was cute my mom told me to buy myself a new phone with the money i got for Christmas hahaha
Got to buy ANOTHER new case for my new phone I spent all that darn money on that other case smh
Got this dude to send me some money in the morning , got this other dude to buy me a new phone and take me & my son shopping Monday ..
I need to go pay my phone bill and maybe buy a new phone.
my dad's planning to buy a new phone... lol okay there...
Need a new case for my phone who wants to buy me One !
Got a nice crack in my phone...boyfriend txts me offering to buy me the new iphone..i deny it..and he. Says"i new u were awesome" haha
When I buy my new phone I'm going to change my number if you don't get my number then obviously I don't fuck with you so don't ask THE END
i want to buy some new phone cases
ugh. need to hurry up and buy me a new phone...frfr
i have to use a crappy Sony Ericsson phone until I can be bothered to buy myself a new phone ughh..
I got to buy a new phone.
I think I want to buy a new phone.....whats hot right now????
mama need to buy me aa new phone
Going to Best Buy to get a new phone:)
((My phone. Is a douche. Going to buy a new fucking battery for my fucking phone. Fuck.))
It's so stupid, i'm going to buy a new phone because of 1 thing (important but still) is broken.
going to buy me a new phone tomorrow
I wanna ask my mama to buy me this new phone or just go back to the mall?
lost my brothers phone. now i gotta use all my money to buy him a new one ##whyme
i really need to buy a new phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! iphone 4s! :(
Anybody want to buy me a new phone??.. I will be your best friend if you do..
I think I have to buy a new phone... Lol *peacemom ckckck
need somebody to buy me a new phone ugh .
Why is Verizon stalking me to buy a new phone.... Maybe they want to pay for it too!!!!! Smh
Had to buy a new phone, miss inspire already.
Its to the point I have to buy a new phone smfh
I think I want to buy a completely new phone though
Bed time me thinks going to buy a new phone tomorrow :)
I Wish She Wanted To Buy Me A New Phone . That Would Be Even Better .
Cant for him to buy me my new phone cover. Not sure what ill get!
Had To Buy A New Phone Case, This White Was Dead !
I need to buy a new cordless home phone and looking around NZ retailers I feel like the industry is stuck in the 90s. .Horrible designs.
I need to start thinking of myself sometimes. So with this paycheck Imma buy me a new phone. I deserve it. I always give all to bills. Lol.
Home sweet home...and now to fill the cupboards, buy a new phone and get caught up!
is it possible to buy a new phone for full price but still be on the same contract that you're already on on your current phone?
buy myself a new phone or road trip to statesboro in a couple weeks? this really is a hard one
going to sleep now, need to stand up early cuz i wanna buy a new phone :D
I still need to buy a new phone case. Ugh, this one doesn't provide enough protection.
Damn i Need to buy A New Battery For my Phone
I'm happy I have to buy both my parents a new phone charger even though they only had one. Thanks to whoever took my parents charger !
I'm going to buy me a new phone!!!!!
who wants to buy me a new phone
are you KIDDING me with this? my phone broke, had to buy a new one flat out, and now the K key on my keyboard is being tempermental... ARGH!
I tried to bedazzle my phone, I FAILED. Had to buy a new case and everything lol
So hopefully ill have my new phone buy school or somewhere close to that , cause lord knows now i actually need one
I refuse to pay 100 to get a new phone . Im just bouta go on Amazon and just buy the screen .
Everyone My Phone Dead Dont Call Me Or Text Me Cant Answer Or Reply :( Me Get To Buy Me New One 2moz Yaya Indeedy =:-D
well i have to buy a new phone now...
Phone is wack again. Went to buy a new one and they're sold out of 4s'ssss. Back to 1995.
My baba needs to buy me a new phone...
Imagine if instead of charging your phone you had to buy new battery every time it went dead
i need to buy a phone case for my new phone
Also, I finally hacked my voicemail and saved having to buy a new phone, but seems awfully weak security if I was able to break in... ¬.¬
“@youngPRETTYlove Think I'm going to buy me a new phone !”
Think I'm going to buy me a new phone !
i need to get some hair....get my nails done and go buy me a new phone.. thank god payday tmm
Bout to buy my new phone (:
This guy lost his phone and needs to get a new one. Just buy a cheap one!
I think I'm going to have to buy a new phone...
My new phone here! I can't activate it til I get to Best Buy or I'll lose my Unlimited Data buuuut....it's HERE :D.
I Got To Go Buy A New Phone Now Lol
Scared AF and i just remembered i have to go to my room to get money so i can buy a new phone charger. Shit.
See I could just buy my new phone..but no. I have to use that money for my fucking speeding ticket
Phone was broke last night :/ had to buy a new one !!
bout to buy a new phone cuz i cant take not talkin to her
Need to buy a new case for my phone.. too lazy to look though.
WHO WANNA BUY ME A NEW PHONE ? " I'LL WAIT " Don't Try To Reply At Once Y'all lol
!!!!!!“@foreverJADA_: I need a new phone case but I REFUSE to buy one with my own money !”
New post: Buybits Golf Bag Clip Phone Mount with All Weather Phone Case fits the Blackberry Bold 9700 to Buy Cheapest Prices http://golfgps
so i was just fina buy a new phone, iphone4 of course, and my muffins decides to give me his! (: him so sweet!
I Only Want Her To Take Me To The Mall So I Can Buy Me A New Phone ,, Idnt Think Im Ask 4 To Much !!
i went to buy my new phone on christmas eve...i dont think i put this phone down unless i was sleep lmao
I gotta buy a new phone cuz my old bitch to nosey
Great. now i gotta spend money to buy a new phone -________-
Trying to convince my dad to buy me a new phone is like talking to a brick wall -__-
I urgently need to buy a new phone. I have to learn how to save money.
I guess ill ask mommy to buy me a new phone for my birthday!
I wish somebody loved me enough to pay my phone bill&buy me a new charger...#wishfulThinking
My mommy seriously needs to buy me a new phone case. Cause this one is ugly now.
> New 6V,410mA Portable Travelling Solar Charger for Cell Phone w/ USB charging cable,GPS,DC,MP3/4 to Buy Cheap Prices http://batterypowere
need to delete stuff off my phone but i don't want to... think imma buy a new memory stick thingy!!
About to head to Best Buy, I'm going to keep my wallet in the car. I could use a new case for my phone but my money is for other things.
My phone is sick!!!! Need to buy a new one.. :( huhu
27 missed calls and I can't even see who they're from... I need to buy a new phone ASAP
I need to go buy a new case for my phone
Not loving this phone right now. Or this new app. Have to buy a replacement ASAP
Instead of buying a new phone... I will just buy a new batt nd reset phone to factory setting nd I'm good...
Think i'm going to buy me a new phone next month .
My Mom on the cpu look'n to buy ANOTHER new phone this lady stay buyin phones..nothin be wrong w/ hers
AmandaAdamson1 until I get the money to buy a new phone, no hahaQ7f
hmmmm buy a new phone to relpace my broken one or get my tattoo next week ?...... decisionsdecisions
Maybe I'll pay a visit to best buy & get myself a new phone case ?
Going to buy a new phone today ..... I wish apple would just give me one for being so loyal since 08 4 years next month
Bayguls and mall to buy spacey a new phone since she can't go a day withouit loosing it
Does anyone use a Samsung Messanger Touch phone? What's it like? Do you love it or hate it? I'm looking to buy a new phone..
People who buy every iPhone are crazy. All apple does is add one new feature to the phone and people think its a whole new phone! Smh
I think my daddy is still going to buy my new phone ..... I'm not getting my hopes though
I need to go gt a new phone b4 we leave buy I doubt that's possible !!!!! -_-
no phone for 4 days ... maybe i should go out to buy a new charger LOL
need to buy some boots, more pants, a new phone, leggings, and get my hair done then ill be straight !
Who the fuck said I wanna wait until tomorrow to buy a new phone. Do I look like a patient person -_-
I think I need to put aside my alcoholicness for a while after new years and buy my new phone. Mine is being a bitch.
If i 'll buy a new phone, i want it to be wifi ready, has good camera and should be budget wise. one more thing, i like Samsung. :||
I might buy a new phone until I get my BlackBerry back. This is ridiculous. It's impossible for me to live without a phone for another year.
I had a 20 year old brotha on Saturday in new Concords try to buy a car. He a 440 Fico & he owe 2 cell phone cos. & cox cable from 6 yrs ago
- looks like I have to buy myself a new phone smh
This phone is doing my head in time to buy a new one I think!
Bout to just buy a new phone I can't wait anymore...
i really need to buy a new phone!!
I really need to buy a new phone battery cuz this shit is for the birds...every other min I need my charger cuz my phones bout 2 die -___-
I just found out i wont have to buy a new phone cause the nurse at my job is giving hers away ! Yayayayayayaah!
going to buy a new phone:) who's at RW tomorrow? see you there!! haha
My daddy needs to buy me a new phone.
my phone is so stupid i cant wait to buy a new one
Cant Wait To Buy a New Phone
Going to buy a new phone kmt
My daddy needs to buy me a new phone, my phone dies quickly.
My moms phone fucked up so I told her I would sell her my blackberry so she won't have to buy a new one lol I'm so nice :) lol
I think I want to buy me a new phone..
Gonna buy new phone! Omg! I love you forever dad :'D but the phone that you want to give me is too expensive. I will not accept it :) kbye.
If i had a penny for every time i dropped my phone and caught it in mid air, Id both be rich and able to buy me a new heart.
Blink ng blink led light ko wala naman ako pending! Hays. Its a sign to buy a new phone :)))))))
Don't buy me a new phone and not expect me to use it.
i Really need to buy me .a New Phone,, this screen is .cutting my Fingers.. . .Oh My Goodness & the .Back is Worst,,is fall to .to pieces
My Iphone is almost dead...So sad ! I don't what to do : buy a new one (Expensive :I can't afford me it) or buy a stupid and banal phone ?!
fuck this phone....i really wasnt tryin to buy a new one -_- ughh
I need to buy me a new screen for my phone
got to buy new phone touchscreen not even working........... blowen like shit dam grasshopper
Just found a new site with supplies to make pretty phone cases. I'm so excited! I need to buy more things to bedazzle!
i need to buy a new phone
I refuse to buy a new phone
Im gonna buy a new cell-phone to myself on an european or american web-site....ANY SUGGESTIONS,GUYS?!))
found other dongle, doesn't work as expected so either have to buy new dongle or use pc/phone.
even though i dont really like iphone, if i got the chance to buy a new phone, i will still choose to buy iphone.
Fucking pissed just busted my blackberry screen now I gotta buy a new phone so much for starting to save
Nananahimik ang phone ko, nginatngat lang  naman ng data yung track ball. Now I definitely need to save a money to buy a new phone.
what to buy? jordan fly wade 2 or new phone? hmmm
I'm too busy today. I shoud buy a new phone, and go shopping more presents, and I want to watch a movie!
Going to Middleton to buy my new phone that's out of stock everywhere else.. Fun.
sick of my bb, going to buy a new phone as soon as i can afford one
This Contract Needs To Hurry Up So I Can Buy My New Phone.
It's depressing me having to search to buy a new phone. I loved my baby Bobina. The question is do I really want to pay 150 for another hmm
Yeay wanna ketuk my dad to buy me a new phone casinggg
i want to buy a new phone but i'm wondering what should i buy :(
Later going to buy new phone :)
I'll plan to buy a new Cherry Mobile phone, Claret classic jacket, a nunchuk for wii and a new game for my nintendo wii for 1K only. Cheaps.
Have to go buy my craft glue so I can bedazzle a new phone case for my new phone
so my phone's pretty much completely broken and I have Christmas money and money I've been saving to buy a new one; suggestions please? :)
Blackberry price went down? Time for me to buy a new phone...
Had to buy a new case for this phone... smh...
Looks like Im going to have to phone up my bank. My card seemed to have locked when I tried to buy a new TV yesterday >_>.
JumpOnDaJohnson did you talk to her about it, I'll just buy one or buy a new phone if I can't find i
' My ear phone isnt working, I really need to buy a new one.
I love Angry Birds, but I always reach a point where I want to kill myself and have to turn it off before I have to buy a new phone.
I need to buy a new case tho I'm always dropping my phone
Ma, If you buy me a new phone, I will go to the boarding school and make you proud. Hehehe that's all i want. Pretty please!!
igottah buy me a new phone (iphone) , takin my niggah out to eat , and NEED to go shopping.
Now I really am feeling guilty. If only I can afford to buy a new phone and then we don't have to depend on Maxis.
My phone dies soo fast now, def need to buy a new 1 wit my next paycheck.
Even with the new battery, my phone died after 5 hours of usage. Must be the phone, not the battery. Sigh, GOT NO MONEY LAH TO BUY A NEW ONE
I think its time to buy a new phone. Batt decreases 50% in less than 30mins! How like this?!
My phone charger is fucked up -___- .I need to buy a new one tomorrow.
I'm about to buy this Michigan case for my phone I want a new case
Me:"I want you buy you a new phone for your birthday" Him:"No please sayang, All I want is for you to stay with me"
I want someone to buy me a new phone.
Going to buy a new phone soon.
When I move to new house, I wanna buy new phone for me and my baby. I want change all new thing. :) I hope I can.. Hmmm~
There's enough on here to buy myself a new phone.
my father finally changed his mine and would like to buy me new phone .. Finally :D
they need to hurry up & send me my crazy check so i can buy i new damn phone.
Cause I promise I didn't tell him to buy me a whole new phone.
haiyoo.. i wish i had money to buy a new phone.. :( no idea from where to get this repaired.. i wish for new phone... :(
I wanna buy a new phone cover! Sooo badly! Shall go to Holiday Plaza before school starts (:
Need to buy an new phone... really ion care bout phnes, too worried bout bolting my car on 4s
I need to get a new phone but im too cheap to buy it ...
Stupid phone forcing me to buy a new one without notice!
i think i'm gonna buy a new phone. Just have to ask my dad if it's a good idea.
want to buy a new mobile phone check this out at Future Bazaar
Ugh,  I cannot wait to buy a new phone!!!
If I had a dollar for every time I have dropped my phone, I would have enough money to buy a new pho
Need to buy a new phone ,
Need to buy me a new phone like ASAP
does anybody want to buy me a new smart phone, and a good one!
Cant wait to buy my new phone,
i am cheap & don't want to buy a new phone case :(
I lost my phone charger now I need to buy a new one -_-
Ima Buy Me A New Phone Next Week Cuz Ion Got Time To Keep Listening To My Ma Say She Aint Got No Money Wen I KNOW She Do
Who wants to buy me a new phone case?
Ahhhh matina has to buy me a new phone, shit girl
anybody want to buy me a new phone? :3
Ugh!!! Now I'm forced to buy a new phone psh this rice better work
My Mom's told me when she buy my new phone I can have hers to LOL she stupid
Someone srsly needs to buy Kurty a new phone. I feel bad for him. If no one gets him one before his bday Im buying him a fucking Iphone.
I need to buy a new charger but i'm not cause i'm getting a new phone
Come to find out my sim card to fat for this phone. Guess I have to buy a new one tomorrow.
Lost my cell phone and I hope a kind person returns it so I don't have to go phone less. I refuse to buy a new phone.
Can't wait to buy a new phone
I think im going to buy me a new phone friday
“@jvlen: I need to buy a new charger for my phone”
I need to buy a new charger for my phone
Thanks to my uncle i got to buy me a new phone. this was a great day.
I Need To Go Buy Me A New Phone !
Unexpected turn of events. Dad's going to buy me a new phone... Out of the blue.
Ima have to go ahead n buy a new phone because this phone is fucked up
I really need to buy a new battery, I can't deal with this phone having to live on the charger
Have to buy me a new phone with my next check this one here so stupid and it pose to b a damn smart
I got the money to buy a new phone now..but I rather someone buy it for me ..so i'll wait :D
I need somebody to buy me a new phone!! ASAP
For my late christmas gift to myself I am going to buy myself a new phone woo:)
guess what??? i have to buy a new phone. seriously fml.
Nigie needs to buy me a new phone. Foreal foreal
I wonder would my daddy give me some money to buy a new phone
I need to buy a new phone and I only have 8 dollars to my name at the moment.
“@MiaCo: i want to buy a new phone :(”
Honestly thinking about using my Christmas money to buy a new phone.
if this doesnt work imma just try to buy a new tmobile phone
I need a new phone. Who wants to buy me one?? lol
trying to get my mom to use my grandma's upgrade to buy the iphone, cause my gma does not need a new phone. I told her i'll pay for it.
Hmmmm idk if I should switch to TMobile or just give in and buy a new phone from Sprint ???
Really need to get rid of my blackberry. Nxt year I'm gonna buy a new phone. Not an iphone tho...
My father is gonna roll his eyes so hard when he find out but I'm(he's) about to buy me a whole other new phone..... Ooops lol
"I can't figure out how to turn the ringer back on. I'm just going to buy a new phone next week" - my grandma
I'm ready to buy a new phone -_-
Need to buy a new phone :(
who wants to buy me a new phone ? >__<
Friday needs to come already, i need too buy a new phone!
If I have to buy a new phone im getting the iphone 4s .....happy birthday to me
So...I'm not gonna take bb anymore :( ....daddy said to just buy a new phone.
i refuse to buy a new sd card when ill be getting a new phone in about 2 months or so.
I guess I need to just give in and buy a new phone
Idk wut to do with my money save it up to buy me a new phone or just spend it on clothes hmmmmmm...
I want to buy a new phone !
I need to buy me a new phone asap !!!
I HATE T-MOBILE. But i'm about to buy a new phone tho.
DiDn't have to buy a new phone today ya
hopefully she sees my phone and want to buy a new one.
tomorrow im going to buy me a new phone
Needn to buy some new books, im always readn ebooks on my phone
this phone really.. really makes me want to buy a new one. urgh. jilaka lah kau tepon.
Looks like imma have to buy a new phone.
Tryna get my dad to buy me a new phone
I think I'm gng to buy a new chip for my phone so I can get net on my bb !
I'm really trying to buy a new phone.
stop texing me .. it pisses me off that i cant respond cus my phone brokee .. ughhhhh i refuse to buy a new phone ... PARENT : ))
Going to buy my new phone in the mornin..:)
I really don't want to buy a new charger for this phone... Especially since I will only have it for a good 2 weeks!
Big Dreamer RT TeeNathaniel: in2012 i will attempt to not buy a new phone and go a whole year with m
I need to hurry up and buy a new phone and iPod casee
Cortney & my mother just left to buy cortney a new phone she like u wana come I'm like o_O NO
CoCoShaniqua at least you can get a free battery but I think I'm going to buy me a new phone next mo
I got to buy me a new phone now. Hopefully I get one tomorrow
close to tears here ive got to buy myself a shitty phone instead of a new guitar cause blackberrys are fucking wank and broken asdfghjkl
.icant wait to my baby buy me my new phone dis weekend cuz im bout ready to throw dis one
I need to buy me a new phone case , this one is so 3 months ago . :/
thinking whether to buy a whole new phone or wait for my upgrade in may miss my blackberry so much mwah
I'm not going to buy a new cell phone, I don't need it, I already have a really nice one with a really good camera after all ;)
on the phone w/ Shampoo nightclub... THEY HAVE MY PHONEEEE!!! im so happy I thought I was gonna have to buy a new one.
Im tryna to figure out y I gotta go with my mama so she can buy her new phone hell she a grown ass woman
Im savin up to buy a new phone. With a data plan!
let's get androids “@brdn287: uh too many people from school got the iPhone they need to make a new phone for me to buy bc i hate them all”
ONlY_1Ne_Me she need to buy u a new phone ....lol girl it was so funny that day we was after school
I miss my evo! Ugh im tryna hang in there iPhone but im ready to buy a new phone! Lol
"@NbeautySherie: Finally got my uncle to buy me a new phone...we on our way to the tmobile store :)"get the new galaxy
Android users buy a new phone bc theirs won't get updated to latest version. .Apple users buy a new phone bc theirs is available in white now
i'm going to buy me a brand new mobile phone! can't wait to get rid of my old one.. ;)
When people call me they can't hear me talking. I'm not due for a new phone until the end of May. I'm going to have to buy refurbished again
Finally got my uncle to buy me a new phone...we on our way to the tmobile store :)
I was about to buy a new phone but didnt feel like spending that much money. :( STcuk with this weak ass phone.
I'm really excited to buy a new phone cover... ???? teamiPhone
Lost your phone charger? Don't buy a new one. Go to a hotel and say you left yours behind. They usually have a big bin full of any charger.
When is my mom planning to get a new phone or buy me a new phone?
Who wants to buy me a case for my new phone?
This would be the perfect time to go buy a new charger for but my phone but my dad didnt leave me an
"@halimaaa_: my phone is actually upsettin to look at and upsettin to get out infront of anyone :( buy me a new phonne someone please" haha!
Seriously about to just "accidently"destroy this phone so my parents will buy me a new one. That's how irritable I am.
Forced to buy a new phone today smh my screen went blank. On the phone wit Verizon insurance now
Fml my phones off so now I gotta wait for my next check to buy a new phone. I'm not wasting money on a phone when I can't even use it
Who wants to buy me a new phone??
bored as hell waiting for my mom to get home so i can take the car and go buy my new phone
Omw to best buy i need a new phone
Twitter e-mailed me to let me know I've been neglecting my account... lol. Maybe they can buy me a new phone...
gonna ask my dad to buy me a new phone but i know what the answer will be...
& then she wants to get mad when I have it all the time. BUY ME A NEW PHONE THEN. -_-
so pissed off, i dont want to buy a new phone
I need a new phone. By Feb. I'm getting one, even if I have to buy it myself.
But enough of that tho , my daddy need to buy me a new phone . Aha , fuck he think this is ?!
Wah! iPhone 4 is officially broke. Can't make phone calls. Looks like I have to buy the new one. Oh well :)
my phone is actually upsettin to look at and upsettin to get out infront of anyone :( buy me a new phonne someone please
My phone needs to figure it out because unlike all my rich friends I can't just go randomly buy a new iPhone
So I was going to buy me a new phone next week but I think Ima wait for the iPhone5
Going to Best Buy bro gotta get a new phone :/4dlIh
"I need a new phone" "get one" "buy me one?" "I dont want to give a fee phone" "then shutup" -_- I have this convo too often
Bout to leave to go buy a new phone
So my mom's boyfriend wants to buy me a new phone when he gets paid. But i dun want them to try to use that againist me.
Been on the phone for an hour begging my daddy to buy me the new iPhone
I dont see why my dad thinks its ok to go out and buy a new phone and not get me one. I have to wait 6 months for an upgrade......
I need to buy a new phone case when i get off work .
I really need to buy a case before I break this new phone! Lol
getting my new phone today :) my iphone fell in water. i have to buy my own blackberry. i'm excited though! now watching jayde play mw3 :)
I Need To Buy A New Phone. -_- I Really Don't Want To...But I'm Tired Of This One. !
Every time when I asked daddy to buy me a new phone , he'll say . We have an agreement . You get top 10 . I'll buy one . But , I never agree
Can't wait to buy my new phone today!
off to get my phone fixed. orrr maybe ill buy a new one. not sure yet...
Soon as my mom get off we going to this phone place.  How do I buy a brand new phone and can't receive msgs. Wtf
I wounder how many times I have to cut my finger before I force myself to buy a new phone
Does anyone want to drive me to Citrus Heights to pick up a new phone and then buy lunch together?
In a few minutes I'll go to buy me a new cell phone
Soooooo who wants to buy me a new phone since mine is dying on me?! Somebody? Anybody? No? HMPH!
i don't understand why my parents are fighting to pay the lunch for there friends. And then can't even buy a new phone for me.
and i cant buy a new phone because the dumb ass guy i want to buy my phone from is a little nasty ass horndog
Daddy needs to buy me a new phone.
Let me go find a new phone to buy
So who wants to buy me a new phone?
although, he has just gone out to buy me a new phone charger and pay the electric bill. this place is freezing. im so ill.
Now I need to buy my new phone, my tv, and more clothes..and shoes.
I need to buy a new phone case ..
Damn frequency of the modem and phone had to be the same. Now I have to buy a new home phone so that the devices won't intefere.
once i buy that new phone i been waiting forever to get.. my life would be so much easier!
Need to go buy a new phone
I promised my phone that if it lasts til we get back to the house i would buy it a new case...
My phone don't want to charge ...... I'm ab to go buy me a new phone I can't take this BS I HATE THIS STUPID EVO
Time to buy a new phone
I need to buy myself a new phone
Geek successes of day - fixed two of my favorite mechancial pencils and used living social deal to buy accessories for new phone.
i swear i'm about to take out money to buy myself a new phone today!
waiting for my sister so i can see how much this new phone gonna cost me to buy ..
So, I guess my father is going to buy me a new phone... When I get home-___- I need a phone now.
iBB aja perpaduan bb dan iphone "@aregigina: decide to buy new mobile phone tomorrow. next question : stay with bb or change with iPhone?"
About time to buy me a new phone charger
The only thing I've heard about the new iPhone that might cause me to buy one is that the phone part doesn't work.
Do I buy a new phone or more clothes what to do...
I might ask her to buy me a new phone.
Wow this guy is holding my phone captive until I go out with him, I'm about to buy a new phone and t8zUhi
<------needs a new screen protector for her phone but is to lazy to go buy one
I need to buy a new phone so whoeva hitin my 602 numba its broke
I'm going to buy a new phone. I hate this droid
i need to hurry up & get this money so i can buy my new phone !
My mother just told me to buy a new phone cos I can't use the money and talk and text. She has a point.
looking to buy a new phone help anyone ? <3
I need a new phone... But do I really want to buy one
When I get mad that mean u need to buy my happiness!!!! Looky here bills are do next month ohhh nd I need a new phone
Found out I hve to flat-out buy a brand new phone from Verizon because accidents arent covered by my plan. There goes my savings! :<
RT "@Nauti_x_Tev: I really need to buy a new phone ,"
I really need to buy a new phone ,
I Gots to buy me a new phone Ugh crackedscreen
Hope ii make enough to buy me a new phone before ii go bck to school!
Ima bout to go buy a new phone today or tomorrow any idea on wht phone I should buy
jaxon slobbed all in my phone. now my speaker is messed up. I hope I don't have to buy a new phone.
thinking ... to buy an extra phone .. suggestion ? thinking about the new bold ..
I should buy a new phone but I don't want to waste my money.
I need to buy a new phone case ASAP lol
Can't receive msg...Verizon can't fix...now I have to buy a new phone...wth
my goal is to buy a new phone n February
Think I'm going to buy me a new phone out with the old in with new
i'm hoping to go buy a new cell phone and then i'm gonna write the shit out of a "rise up" blog
I need to buy a new phone
lol i want to get naked in a public place or on a public site let it all hang out to bad my pics dont work on here go buy a new phone
I need to go buy a new phone diz shit been fucking up da last da last few days
--I can't wait to buy my new phone! I'm glad xmas is over & all the bills are paid..
Cover of new phone has arrived. Now all I need to do is buy a new phone.
Pay my phone bill, get Jajuan sneakers, buy my hair, Najee snapback, new pair of heels, mommy boots...so much to pay for
i can't support anyones music atm, i refuse to buy music that would have to go on my shitberry, when i get a new phone, then i will support!
i need a new phone case , anybody want to buy me one ? i have a samsung epic galaxy s !
Time to go buy a new home phone. Here's hoping the new one lasts longer than my previous ones.
im going to buy a new phone tomorrow
Mabey going to buy a case for my phone today, then practice(: Stunting with JV and working on varsitys new stunt sequince. (:
You know what Dad, don't buy me a new phone if you are going to complain about how much time I spend on it
Ppl i am so so so sad i want to buy a new phone i want to buy nokia C3 black
ugh i gotta wait til next week to buy a new phone!  this sucks ass
i hope i'll get my mom to give me a ride to go buy a new phone tomorrow... i want it before nye
Okay sorted. Father has decided to buy himself a Corby. He says it looks good. Means I don't get a new phone. Done. Happy new year!
Thanks to the awesome Hamza, I do not need to go out and buy a new phone this weekend. Yay me!
Need to buy this new phone son.. My shit jacked!
I really need new mobile phone. And nobody wants to buy it for me. Should I found a job before finishing school?
Ima ask my boyfriend to buy me a New phone. Cuz my jawn is shitty.
So every time I want to buy new phone or accesorries, we always buy from the same person, every time SPECIAL DISCOUNTx3!!! =P hahaha...
I think im about to go buy me a new phone . .!
i dont want to buy a new phone -________-
I only need 300+ to buy a new phone. sana mas pa-aga delivery nung pinasreserve ko >:D<
Note to self: buy a new phone. Self to note: Ommak estala7et!
Busy day tanning & going to buy a new laptop & phone thankgod
Gotta spend this money my sis gave me to buy a new phone ^__^
Okay, need to buy a new cell phone - something cool that has a fairly good battery life.  Any suggestions?
Hmmm wondering if my check is in .. Cause I really want to buy a new phone !
I need to buy a new case for my phone and get these shoes
I need to buy a new phone. This b word is getting on my nerves. Either not sending the text, not get
Going to buy myself a new phone! From walmart....
i was going to buy a new phone but imma just get my hair done instead :/
Off to buy a new cell phone.
I'm having bad phone luck. Going to buy a new charger... :(
“@TokyoDiamonds03 I need to go buy a new phone and stop procrastinating!”
Real talk I'm so thirsty for a new phone I think ima fuck up my blackberry on purpose so my mom would be forced to buy me a new phone lmfao!
Think I'm going to buy some new phone cases today
I need to go buy a new phone and stop procrastinating!
Just Came Back From So Called "Shopping" And Going To Buy New Phone Tomorrow, Effing Tiredd, :P
it wont turn on, dont tell me i have to buy a new phone..
Who wants to buy me a new phone ?? =)
So my phone broke in my dream last night, I was so convinced that it happened, that when I woke up, I had plans to go buy a new one... WTF
Have to get myself a new phone before school starts, but I don't know what to buy :'(
spent the majority of my money on my new phone, starting to regret it now Ive realised I cant buy As many clothes as I planned to, dammit:(
i want to buy a new phone
phone less for like 2 weeks -_- ...cause i refuse to buy a new one this week
My daddy talking about buy him a new phone!!!  Tuah nigga you don't want to come get me on holidays lol
Definitely need to buy my grandad a new phone... VERY old phone...
Even if my iphone is 100% charged when I go to bed it's dead in the morning. Refuse to buy a new phone b/c of these stupid effing "updates".
Even though its early a/f im wit dem to best buy so i can see if i can ge a new phone or gt my phone fixed
was just about to buy a new phone and then i read "not in stock"... damn, I were so close.....
well my revision session consisted of clearing my wardrobe out and now getting ready to go buy a new phone charger.. f*ck my thick life
Bout to go buy a new phone in a min then later going to get my Ls back
I broke my phone. Well.. finally have an excuse to buy a NEW phone.
i srsly need to buy a new phone ._.
My godmother asked me to bake a biscuit cake. Best part, she's going to pay me. I'm trying to save some money to buy a new phone.
RT if you want to buy me a new phone
Going to buy myself something new to cheer me up today. Stupid phone
Phone is officially dead, time to buy a new charger
Damn I got to buy a new phone my damn handsent message want work ughhh
Ugh I need to buy some new phone cases
Not sure whether to buy a new phone or just save ma money ??....!
Kyles not using his new phone cos he wants a case for it but hes in no rush to buy one, he doesn't know how to work it but he wont admit it
Convinced my Dad to buy me a new phone >:)
Yoooooo!!!! Imma bout to throw this wack ass 3d EVO across the fuqin room so that I would have no choice but to buy a new fuqin phone.
When I call her later for our talk I'ma tell her then I'll buy my own new phone sick of this iPhone 4 giving it to Tyler
Sister is planning to buy a new phone.. (AGAIN) Hmmm! BB! BB! BB! >:)
My dad want to buy me a new phone :) Corby II or Samsung Galaxy Young??
Waaaah!! Can't wait to buy new phone
Prolly should buy a phone before I leave. I just need a couple days to get my strength back. Maybe I will make new connections.
Okay okay. Now using this. Need to cope until i buy new phone. Wait wait wait...
> New 6V,410mA Portable Travelling Solar Charger for Cell Phone w/ USB charging cable,GPS,DC,MP3/4 to Buy And Save Big http://solarpowercam
Want to buy new phone , what do you guys suggest ? *must be BlackBerry*
Who tryin to help me buy a new phone??
i need to buy a new phone asap :(
i'm gonna have to use my last $100 to buy a new phone, my mother will skin me alive.
I would have liked it for her to buy me a new phone tho
Need to buy me a new phone &  ipod asap...
funny thing is i was bout to buy a new phone today ...so i guess im goin to get a new one when i wake up later...
In other news, I have enough money to buy a new phone. I will do so on my birthday.
Should I really buy a new phone so that I can have an app that support free texting etc? I seriously don't want to be a burden to him.
I'm going to buy a new phone in February.
People get to know my phone is lost they say "sedih pe", kan lagi bagus ask me "you want money to buy a new one?".
Later I'll buy new sim card (GLOBE) and phone. Care to text? Hehe
NanyMTV Welcome to the iPhone family. The only reason you'll ever buy a new phone is when a new vers
I need to buy a new phone case
Since I have this phone, I don't feel the need to buy a new laptop....
I can buy me a new phone tomorrow thanks to kd <3
I Need To Buy Some New Cases For My Phone.
i wanted to buy a North Face jacket but looks like imma be buying a new fucking phone
now i have to buy a new phone this week. *rolls eyes*
I'm so tempted to buy a new phone on Friday …
So oomf is trying to buy me a new phone cuz of the buzzing nosie my  .phone makes  -______-
I hate this damnb phone. Barely able to send a text and fucking impossible to send a tweet "Someone" needs to buy Zane a new one
need to go buy me a new phone my speaker keeps goin in an out n i b missin erbodys calls
Well now I really need to buy a new phone :(
Stubborn Dad who doesn't want to buy me BB but a new iPhone instead :-j Pwede bang classic phone nalang ena
cellphone hunting...      hahaha:D Nid to buy new phone for new year ...
Mad I have to buy a whole new phone smh -__-
Omg I just turnt my iPod into a phone I can call and everything  guess I don't have to buy another phone after all :) who wants the new #?
have to buy new phone..as temporary..
Going to buy a new phone tomorrow. Hopefully Tmobile dont be on that bs
I have to get new phone , anyone wants to buy this 4
About to see if my bae will buy me a new phone :)
I nee to buy a new phone
Need To Buy Me A New Phone Asap..Dis Shit Keep Freezing Up
My phone messed up. If you're trying to reach me (which you're probably not) I'll buy a new phone tomorrow and hit you up.
“@MattIsCabin: 2 hours on the phone w/ XBOX customer service for them to tell me they can't fix my XBOX and I should buy a new one<~PS3 man!
idk what to do with this money I got I don't know whether to buy a new phone or some mac make-up!
Ima Have To Buy A Whole New Phone !
I need to buy me a new phone •
I have all the right to be mad , how she gone buy her a new phone when me and rayven had shitty old ass phone from 2007 ? -_-
Im Helluh CHEAP ; I Refuse To Buy A New Phone Thurs. Lol But I Want One Helluh Bad !!
I always have to buy a new phone case.,
Mom said in a week she's going to buy me a new phone. Gahh so excides.
omg my mom told me to save my money so I can buy a new phone I'm gonna bargain with her and be like can we go halves and get me an iPhone?
pause did my ex boyfriend just agree to buy me a new phone???? lmao
Who wants to buy me a new phone
So I just found out my phone has water damage its time to buy a new one
Bout to buy my mom a new phone . Smh
Mom gave me money for a new phone cause my shit is broken.. but I dnt feel like going to buy it.
Is it Tmobile? RT "@taziaFLO: I hate that I have this brand new phone and no one wants to buy it.. Ugh"
aww my dads just walked in and said he's gunna take me for a new phone next week :) thought I was gonna have to buy myself one, nice suprise
KiAirRahh i never got it smh ugh!!! my phone pisses me off and I can't get MY money to buy a new pho
guess i have no choice but to buy a new phone
Need to buy myself a new battery for this damn phone!
on new years imma restart my phone : O lmaooo
Da New Year is fast approachin, so b4 I get drunk, naked, arrested, & lose my phone, I wanna wish every Ass I knw a  Happy New Year
sirbrigetta_ I swear I haven't gotten any texts from you! I just got a new phone so I wonder why Im
stupid black berry playin with me doee ! need a new phone . i wants an android :/
I needa get me a new phone ASAP.
Just bought this running app on my phone so my new years resolution is to get fit haha.
2011, especially last six months, is really something. new phone, boarding room, related to fade-away-you. and Christmas. bye, thank you.
New phone, ang tagal mo!! b-__-d
I'm like in love with my new phone :) its a touch screen && it slides
New Year *sigh* this is the time wen the home phone rings non stop because everyone in the family is calling to wish us a happy new yr
wow and 12 texts to read, my phone blowing up whilst having a new years dinner/bfast? with the family haha
Your Buttman is back! After a long move daddy finally set up my cell phone & I can tweet! Happy New Years Mofo's!
Anybody see tash new phone damn that percent cut really affect her boy
yo that ole shit right there for you playboy ..my phone took a laxative for the new year..japan flow
i want to throw this phone like right now!  new was is needed asap
I feel like a new person with a new phone. Lol
"@amandarhodes: I want a new phone soooo bad... this cracked screen is annoying"
Maybe I'll go to Verizon to try to get my new phone...I'm debating going to team iPhone too I love my free music app on my Droid tho
Phone works like new now
Just learned how to do something new on my phone
New phone :D ♥ excited!
I'm not texting EVERYBODY in my phone and telling them happy new year cuz half of ppl in my contacts won't be in my life anymore
New phone people please text me name and numbers!!!
Loving playing with my new phone. The jump in screen size from an Xperia X10 mini to an HTC Sensation XE is huge!
I need, a new phone :(
Ahhh!! Need a New Phone!
a week today I'm getting a new phone k.
New post: University of Illinois Cell Phone Case PHONE COVER HOLDER Fighting Illini Logo - Phone CASE FOR MORE Cover Cellular Holder Gift I
"@JCole_MyNiqqa: . ' New Phone Andd # Todayy : )".. Betta DM it to me!
new phone for me before I go see 1D! YES BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII.
SHUTTING THE PHONE DOWN MOTHA FUCKASSSS !!! WON'T BE TEXTING ... HAPPY NEW YEARSS
Just got a new phone!!!! Its a samsung galaxy ace. I love it!
I have just decided my new years resolution... Understand the stock market so the I phone app makes sense
Mama said i can get new phone end of the year k wth k k k ...
Phones off til like 12 or 1 cause I don't want my phone to die before I can tell all my bitches happy new years as I watch these balls drop.
My new iPhone makes my old Android seem like a rotary phone.
Thank God for everything this phone new guys
I Want A New Phone . I Was Actually Hoping This One Wouldnt Work After Its Terrible Downfall .. Lol.
Ok bunnies I'm back got a new phone and it's much better being on twitter I'm happy to be back :)
Unlimited data. Now, a new phone and a capped data package will see me save only £3 a month. No way I'm giving up what I have for that.
"@David_Boreanaz: I hate New Years resolutions. Ok, how bout No social media or cell phone for a whole year! Who's in?" SO in!!
maaan i need a new phone, had this one for like years now, and i think it's come to the terms it's now breaking blaaah
My phone number has changed so if you don't have my new number hit me up!
jaayemesdy hahah she's texting me right now from her new phone lmfao
New phone! Let's hope I don't break this one :D
Before the phone lines get clogged up, Happy New Year to all! Forget the bad shit, usher in all the good stuff!
Tonight guys I have no mobile phone because I dropped it in a wine bucket so I am sending new years love on here xxxxx
Finally a new phone
Manual drip espresso, Belle & Sebastian Pandora, and driving 45 minutes just to see if Sprint will mail me a new phone. Happy New Year?
Can all my legend pals text me with your name as I have a new phone :)
“@ImTakingOver94: And thank god I got this new phone”
Aw go to check my phone and I have 15 happy new year messages how cute!
Happy new year people. To avoid any emotional new year tweeting later I'm handing my iPhone over to the phone police early doors :)
Got this new phone and I'm really happy had my last one for like 3 years
BrittanyEschner I have a new phone
Could be getting a new phone, yaay.
. ' New Phone Andd # Todayy : )
New Years can be tough for some. Just had a teary sister on the phone. Wish I had a wand to wave...
I just want to greet YOU a happy new year. I remember when we used to talk on the phone while watching the fireworks from where we were. :')
talking to my friends...new year phone call ♥
Clearing out my phone. Not taking ANY bs into the new year
I hope my phone doesn't stop working like last year due to everyone tryna send out happy new year at the same time
new pets, new phone, new year, new something special \(‾▿‾\) \(´▽`)/ (/‾▿‾)/
Going to get rid of this crappy phone and get a new one. There is a tempting contract with T Mobile for an iPhone 3GS...
New phone case has arrived!!! :D x
Tell my why, why oh why would I need a new phone when I only use my phone for urgent matters? And I barely touch it.
My phone bill won't get paid after new years until people call more darnit
got a scratch in my new phone already lol gr8.
Before I get drunk thrown in jail or loose my phone I just wanted to say happy new year
No matter what bus you take out of New York City, there is always one constant: An African guy talking loudly on his cell phone.
My new phone >>>>>> (:
can you put your phone ,type just 3 words 'happy new year' to me? .can't you? .oh. oke, .happy new year.
Tweeps, I got a new phone, and am looking for a new Twitter app. What do you like?
Can't wait to get a new phone !!!!!!
Lost my phone >.< hope I find it, I'm not paying $700 for a new IPhone
Just got a new phone man is it ever different
Just got my new phone ! ^^ Time to watch MBC Gayo Daejun ! ^^
Boutta Get Me A New Phone... We switching Over To Cricket
Another new phone number and now I got an iPhone! Hit me up if you want my new num!
On the bright side, I have a new phone.
Yo Huma's new phone is sick bro:D yeh not going with the chavy gett up:P
Phone still wont work. I think it is about that time to get a new one
Hopefully I'll get a new phone...
They're blowin' up my phone! Thanks foe the messages guys! And of course, to youuuuu! Happy Happy New Year! <3 :">
- i have 44 contacts in my phone now i just deleted 234 contacts well happy new years eve (:
New year, New phone #, Those that matter should stay tuned
Seriously in need of a new phone. This bullshit.
I want a new phone! :')
but nobody better ring my phone drunk saying happy new years !!!
New phone so i dont have any numbers text me with your name
New Fashionable Universal Cell Phone / Camera / PDA / MP3 MP4 / Electronics / Card Holder / Holster / Cradle / Mount / Chair Desk Stand Disp
Ahhhh put new screen protectors on my phone and the new case. lookinswift
how can a facebook status like 'got a new phone number :)' get 10 likes?
Happy New Year!!! Got a phone call from my parents who are celebrating in the bush. Haha bless. <3
“@shortyroc11: My textline >”< lol got a new phone and don't know how to act
My phone is going to die before new year celebrations even begin :/
iNeed a new phone Asaply
RiyLee spilled milk in my phone ugh new one next week !
new phone is needed today NOMATTER WHAT
Hahahahahaha bye phone! Have fun spending new year without any battery :)
I want a new phone case, probably make father buy one today.
jordanknight just got a new cell phone lol hope your having a great night so far hugs
ASDFGHJKNVXADNJAWDFVBHWQERTUIOXDVBNFGH!!! GOT MY FIRST NEW YEAR PHONE CALL FROM MY BESTPREN!!!! <3 <3 <3 :'>
Gonna take my new phone up and take pictures...excited :)
Went to the cell phone store...and I want a new blackberry
My phone is getting bare vibration from all those wishing me happy new year from both twitter and facebook :-)
About to get my new phone.
JYE ANSWER YOUR PHONE. I'M USIN CREDIT ON YOU TRYING TO WISH YOU A HAPPY NEW YEAR.
Internet is off and have to get on by phone. But on a brighter note got some new headphones:)
Ppl used to blow up my phone with new year wishes but now, not anymore. Well its alright. *flicks hair*
a new phone would be rather nice , right about now !
new year nite,,no phone no party no funny plan no boyfriend!!just feels like a fool.. :'(
so my countdown to 2012 was in the toilet on the phone to my parents lmao! & the fireworks went off! arh loved it HAPPY NEW YEAR PEOPLE xx
Going to get a new phone :D hoorraayyy!
Iphone all day RT S_Shorter23: I'm ready for a new phone but I don't know what to get??!!???!!
My phone stop working on new years eve WTF!!!!
my new phone cover feels good. its maroon colour :)
Happy New Year everyone! Just tweeting from my phone. xxxx
i miss my phone :/ i neeeed a new one soon.
Phone? Tablet? Happy New Year?
It's a new year. I'm sit in front of the tv, staring blankly to my phone. Whooaa, I'm a loser.
My new sunglasses actually make my phone screen appear clearer and more vibrant. Plus I look supercool with them on. Win/win.
Woohoo, my phone is finally activated. Voicemail set up. Leaving for Long Island in a few mins. Yay. Happy New Year everyone!!
praying  that I can get a new phone today
TJRoyall hey, text me. I have 2 numbers for you and I'm not sure which one to send my new phone numb
Added a bunch of new apps, will now be glued to my phone for the next week. Finally making use of iP
Happy New Year, in advance, before my phone dies! X
I got my new phone!! =))) hehe
Love my new phone!
I'm going to spend my new year answering phone calls and wishing people back. Also, which tamil cinema's on TV this time ?
fuck mac its stupid cloud and keeping me up all night trying to make my phone not work and my computer crash happy new years im sleeping
My phone sync should be finished before new year
Getting my new phone today :D
My new years resolutions: be more friendly and be a better phone conversationalist
Tweeting from a new phone cool :)
New phone next week wooo! Sell these crappy ones i got.
Up and early to see my mommy before to wish her a happy new year. Better to do it in person than through the phone..
You got a new phone? So now youre the king of the world.. No. Realize what comes first, fame or the people that get you famous.
I just installed the new UberSocial for Twitter on my Android phone - it's free and I love it!
I broke 2 of my phone cases in less than 24 hours & both of them were new.
On my new phone! I loveeee eeetttt!
My mums new discovery: A mobile phone
My phone must be fast. Happy new year now.
willowbrook mall again new phone maybe ?? hmm let's see
Updating from my new phone!!!!! :D
neeeeeeed my new phone!! two months is too long without a phone with internet/camera etc!!
danacakes get a mac or usuk. you need one to match your new phone. SIRI DEMADS IT. and happy bday to
ledesmaj lol.  no i been got a new phone case tryna play me.
new year, new phone, new bed, new mee?!<3
I hate when my phone says new message, but it wont let me see/respond to itt!
I'm so excited to be spending New Year's weekend with the SBFF (East Coast) Crew! So excited that I'm putting a passcode lock on my phone...
Happy new years all 2012 .#2012Wish : hopefully i can getting new phone cell -___-"
finally get a new phone
Now, learning to tweet with my new phone...
2 hours to new years! Or thereabouts! Maybe I should find a radio or something in case all my phone and internet clocks are wrong.
Happy new year to everyone, get in early b4 the phone networks crash!
My new landline phone will make outgoing calls but won't accept incoming. Any ideas why this could be? It rings once and that's it.
Part of me wants a phone call from Richmond so I can move somewhere where no one knows me and start a new year....hell a new life.
and celebrating new year's eve by phone.. this-is-sad.
Can't adjust to this new phone for the life of  me!!!! Ugh!
Swear I Betta Get A New Phone
Gonna countdown with my trustee tv and phone... Wat a great wy to start the new year...
My mother bluffing on this new phone but I'm not gonna press her about it because something more important happened.
I hate when my bro walks around the house playing old  music on his phone like its so brand new
I'm better off now. Saving my phone battery! Enjoy your new years eve! :D muaahhhhh
Why somebody just textd me nd tweaked cuz I said who dis I got a new phone wow its was one oomf's
Wow! Binasa ko yung new message sa phone ko, si 8888 tinext ako. And the good news is unli na ko! Yey! HAHAHA.
Last New Years I turned off my phone, the tv, the radio, the lights and just sat still...
Happy New Years Eve about to get it started waiting for some phone calls to come in
Seriously, kung may new year's gift man. A purple phone case or a penguin stuff toy will be perfectly appreciated. =))
Ok all, its after 12 on my phone, tis good enough for me! Gotta be up at 4:30am...night all and have a splendid New Years Eve xox
I need a new phone case.
Colour of my new phone: "Noble Black"
Got a new phone screen protector & bumper today to welcome 2012. =)
Just deleted my whole damn photo album while transferring everything to this new phone. I hope I backed it up on my external hard drive!
Just Sent A Text messege to The Girls In My Phone Saying Happy New Years Eve They Lucky I Thought About They Lil Stanky Asses..
For the couples, New Year's kiss? Through phone pun dah okay.
"@MCXCIII: New Phone :) ." Oh me too what type of phone u got :-)
6463898990 hit me up dont got a phone but it's a new app :?
Much as I love my new phone, the battery life can leave a lot to be desired
its time for me a NEW phone
Got my new phone from Apple yesterday ??
New phone case. Only had like two options and I don't like the way this one looks so much but better
hopefully i can switch and get my new phone .
When I get a new phone , I can't stand looking at the old one .
Actually don't mind going home on tuesday just cause I know my new clothes and phone are waiting for mee
Incase I can't find my phone later. Happy new year to you all. Genuinely hoping 2012 is an awesome year for you all. U make twitter twitter
6 mins to go - getting in before the phone carriers drop off their perches. Happy New Year! Wishing everyone the best 2012!!
I'm spending new years with my wife and son. I'm turning my phone off and I don't wanna talk to anybody but them
* Before I get drunk, naked, arrested, and lose my phone. I wanna wish you a Happy New Year! *
Idk if my phone ever make it to 12 o'clock. Happy New Year 2012 in advance!! Xxxx
Anywho, new years ima still be SHIKA. Only thing I wanna change is my location, phone number, and add more numbers to my bank account
Hope I Get My New Phone Later .
Urg wish i never got the new phone-_-
[[ I need a new phone -_____- ]]
I want a new phone!
New Phone :) .
Getting a phone call from my great nan who lives in Australia saying happy new year ... I'm still in bed!
Trying out Siri on my new phone. This baby is bad!  <3
well i justs got the phone with dustin cuz my fam got so im so i geuss im go 2 sleep goodnight godbless twitter n happy new yaers
The cat that lives in my phone (in a bowl of noodles) wished me a happy new year, and then started scolding me for staying up late.
Sel:juz10, wud u buy me dat neckles? Juz10: *busy with his phone*no.. Sel:oh so wut u'll by me 2nite?its new year!;) juz10:*typing*Nothing..
Waheeey new phone;D
In fact , I need a new phone !
Ain't even got that tm103 or the new loso on my phone
New phone is charging. :')  I'm gonna miss this lil blue one.
Nothin like gettin a new phone to play with
Time for work and to get numbers on this new phone!! :)
Yawn........woke  and  my  phone  already gettingatttacked bt  New Years messages..........   -_-  C'mon.
Love my new phone whey
I need a new phone,stupid phone irks me!!!
Phone's dying. Shall wish people happy new year tomorrow.
My auntie in Australia on the phone screaming happy new year. I don't think she remembered about the time difference.
It's not even 2012 and I'm sending New Year messages already. Haha. Sorry, my mom's taking away my phone. Meh.
Shouting guy on cell phone: "Let them suffer!!! As I do!!!" ... Hahhh haaa happy new year?
I know the devil is mad about How God is going to move Tonight. My cell phone erased our Church New Brand!!! Can't Stop Life!!!!
Got a new phone case, its purple + silicone :)
New Year's Eve & i'm in some person's house that I barely know & my phone is running out of batt. GREAT.
Well the first step would be gettin a new phone
about to send my new year text before the phone lines get blocked!
My phone seems to habe made a new years resolution to be a different phone
New phone, lets see how it works.
Need a new phone ASAP
Happy New Year!!! Happy New Phone!!!
All iWant for my 17th birthday is a Remi,my new chain with pendant,my new phone,pink iStockCandy headphones,and my Daddy's Credit Card :)
Happy advance new year don't wanna touch my phone babaha
I havent had a phone to reach  any1,so if you want to come for the "Mbadiwe New Year Party"..DM me so i can put your name on the guest list
im going off the computer & using my phone. gettin ready to countdown to the new year.
Oh great more drunk happy new year phone calls.... *TurnsOffPhone muahaha. I hope yall spew your guts out in the morning!!
I actually love my new phone
Can't wait to get my new cell phone!!! :D
still a bit over two hours to go here, but since the time on my phone/laptop stays unchanged, happy new year sydney!
MY MUM ALSO LIDDAT .______. "@qarinaaah: "Ibu, can I get a new phone? My phone dah rosak sikit." "Tgk results dulu." OMG RLY"
Had my new phone 7 days and now it won't turn on...
When I drop my phone, I act like I just dropped a new born baby LMAOO !
No more phone until later, happy new year in advance mis amigos!
Everyone's phone gonna get jammed and flat later from all the New Year Greetings.
We were so desperate for civilisation, new people, phone signal and proper food. We must have looked really out of place. :')
Tomo's the day! I get my new phone! :)
when your best friend's phone breaks on new years eve and she has a habit of wandering off when drunk: this is gonna be an interesting night
Might not be on much today, so Happy New Year one and all.  Or as I call it, amateur hour.  Lock door, unplug phone, fasten shutters.  :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR thought id say it now becus phone network will be rubbish x x x hope u all av a gud un x x
I need a new phone la. This phone manyak cacat one
Cleaning my phone out for the new year
Just individually sent a text to everyone in my phone & told them exactly how I feel about them. Now I'm ready to embrace the new year :-)
So sad aaa time ni gak his phone batt low :/ hm, another sad new year's eve for me.
New year= new phone=new car (hopefully lol) and a new wonderful girl :D
Like i said yesterday....im gettin a new # and deleting everyone from my phone xcept weedman and my mom
"@Joey7Barton: Into the lions den, phone off. Later people......." You aint been at places like the new den!
gonna try live withought a phone for a while new start oh yea i know there looking at my account juss f off
"Ibu, can I get a new phone? My phone dah rosak sikit." "Tgk results dulu." OMG RLY
Kai, my phone fell down and it has now cracked :( Can't wait for my contract to end jare... Let me get a new phone.
Mom and dad, please buy me a new phone. please.
Will be kissing my phone this new years:)
Spending the first hour of the new year on my phone txting
My new phone case is hawtttttt
Good morning wrld! Happy New Years Eve! Up early n i dont kno why lol.  Phone abt to die lol
_Willmatic_ its this damn new phone lol
New Phone! I Love It<3
Not impressed that my new memory stick for my phone hasn't come yet, argh.
087864741617..That's my new mobile phone number. Save it, okey?
New Phone Coming Next Week !
i hope tomorrow i can get my new phone..
Eating wheat Crunchies!  :3 going to get my new phone today! (hopefully its going to be a blackberry)
moneyrelle Ayee follow my new twitter benfranksent this one got hack but im still log on my phone -_
Got a new phone case(:
Can believe it bought a new phone and everything and just got a phone call saying have you lost you phone Becoz av found it,two iPhone 4s:-)
Ugh I want a new phone
Turns out I'm too sad to even eat chocolate. So I linked all my contacts on my new phone.
And im not spending new years with my sisters awwwwww but we will have the phone convo I love them... They will be at church
Interesting phone call. "Oh, I phoned the wrong number, but then I thought I might just wish you Happy New Year anyway." Gee, nice. Thanks.
So I fuckin ordered my new phone yesterday nd now shit is acting fine smdh.
Celebrating new year with le phone and ze iPad :P
Just had a phone call off Jess to say Happy New year from Australia! :D Crazy!!
Just saw your new year wishes to me. Thank you. I can't reply you all because I'm on my phone. So, excuse me while I hunt down a computer.
Playing with new phone.... activated sim.... trying to connect to internet... hmm, failling to connect to the internet...
I think I keep using my old phone ;) it's better than the new one =P
I really need a new phone and car insurance... Anyone wanna loan me $290???
got a new phone.. needphonenumbers text me if you got mine!
my new mobile phone is there ...i´m sooo happy :D XD
i really want a new phone =( 2012 please be good to me ;)
happy with my new phone :)
Finally got my new phone YESYESYES
Everything else is new and black... the mouse, the keyboard.,the hard drive, the phone and the computer screen is old and GIGANTIC
Everytime my phone says I get a new DM I hope it's from Edward. But it never is.
Awww a lovely little phone call from Laura in Oz.... She just celebrated her new year! Miss her so much
new phone when I go home...
I feel like I just bought a new phone after changing the phone cover. Eheh. Me likey.
God,I really need new phone.
Love my new phone case :)
New Phone :) can everyone please text me with their names & add my new BBM pin please! :-) 28A35BB5 tarrr xxx
Tweeting from my new phone, bitches!
Sad that the taxes took away my dreams of a new phone... Will have to patiently wait for May now...
My new sim card has arrived YEEEEE. At last have been lost without my phone.
my dad just bought me a new phone ! bye bye blackberry :) hello android :)
ok 1d biggest fan ever right here. can stop listen to there songs on youtube, on the cd or my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! happy new year 1d!!!!!!!!
New year = a new phone I think. My BB has seen much better, non drunkenly dropped days.
New Phone Please if u gotta do all that smh
YES. FINALLY. MY PHONE HAS UPDATED. I HAVE THE NEW TWITTER:')
About to clean out this phone... New number today
Aaaarg.. Bought a new phone two days ago, already lost my charger. I am 100% sure where I left it, but it's not there..
When ever I see my dad walks in the room I check his hands he might get me the new phone any time now.. Can't forget my first BlackBerry :')
I really need to get a new phone cause this EVO battery is wack as hell..
Dad wants to get me a new phone 4 newyear! Ion need a new phone jor! Cash pls!
Happy new year! So hard to get Internet on phone in the city :p
I need a new phone asap
brittanysharee lmao yepp. I was like laura you have a new phone!!!!
If u have an Android phone u HAVE to get the 3D New Year & Christmas Live Wallpaper. It has a countdown clock n fireworks n shit...
Waking up, in bed, checking tweets....bam phone to the face...happy new year's eve everybody :P
Fucking fuming that my phone can't be fixed, £500 for a new one, so I'm not allowed a phone now, fuckk offffffff :@!!!!
Just got a new cover for my phone ^^
Not going anywhere for new years, it's not like I can without a phone anyway.
My phone just auto corrected happy new year to happy Jew year. I smell a conspiracy.
Up at work fuckin around on my new phone gettin paid to do it ;-)
I just wish when I'm playing with my phone, a guy could pull my hand and said "wanna go with me?" On new year! :')
House phone and internet are out and winstream won't fix them until Mon afternoon. Happy new year.
Finna let this phone charge then I'm handle my business early... ion got time for new years eve crazy drivers n shit
Hopefully i order my new phone today and get the phone i really want.
Just got off the phone with Amazon customer service. They're sending me a new Kindle, should get her
LMFAO my brother just got a new phone cause his old one broke and he didnt even put his battery in t
My phone and I want some new numbers! lol (: *hint hint*
happy new year everyone! my phone died just as I was about to send my crush a text saying happy new year. what a shit way to start the year.
Your all well jell of my new sats phone cover. Lawl
Maybe getting a new phone
turned my phone on to have 5 happy new year messages, YAY I FEEL LOVED
All messages deleted. Feeling ko gumaan phone ko. Haha. Give way for new messages. Haha. 6k+ messages TRASHED!
love my new phone ! :D
lol happy new years phone calls from people are super cute hahaha
TweetingABOSSxD DM me your ! New phone :)
Fireworks can scare our furry friends, so keep them indoors & put tags on them with your phone#. Keep your pets safe this New Year's Eve!
I will not be taking my phone out tonight so there'll be no Happy New Year texts. So here's a big Twitter one instead HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!
When I get my new phone, whenever that is.. Im changing my #!
Only thing I'm goin 2 talk about doing 4 2012 is getting a new phone this phone is a mess
My twitter is just gonna be spam with happy new year later. And my phone gonna hang since everyone is sending 'happy new year' to each other
ooooh yeah that jus reminded me i can get a new phone now what to get guys
Now niggas can make phone appointments to the Barber shop. Something new everyday here
Can't even phone anyone from customer services because it's new years eve and they finished work at 1pm. Lazy fuckers.
I just want to on the phone with you. at this moment that the new year along with a beautiful~ ;-)
so wanna get a new build for my phone. a pink or yellow one :D
new phone - delete and add 290A4D32
My dad was busy with his fckin job, my mom busy with her new phone! Hell, this is new year!! What must I do to get your attention? Suicide?!
Up early getting ready to go out gettin new phone  hopefully :)
someone greeted me happy new year and i don't have their number saved onto my phone HELP
Oh n I gotta gt me a new phone like yesterday
New post: Hi Capacity Portable 5600mAh Li-Polymer Solar Charger for Handheld Devices, iPhone, iPod, iPad, LG, Samsung, Motorola Smart Phone
Do not want to get out of bed... Work 10-4, come visit. Only plus is I'm on my new phone hehehe
New year, New phone! OYEA
I need a new phone. Thank god it's time for an upgrade. Siri here I come
dice and raffle!!! luck, come to me! i need my new phone hahaha
Feel to by myself a new phone! SF money is tempting me
Twitter , bbm , with  my beloved phone I celebrate the new year , yeah m/
Getting a drunken phone call from an Aussie currently celabrating in style definitely puts me in a New Year's mood! Happy New Year everyone!
MYGAD mama! you won't let me turn on the TV or use the phone or even go out! wow. way to go, new year! :l
did they get a new phone lol cuz tk got a blackberry & cash got android phone
69 followers needed by tonight for a fabulous phone case give away!!! Someone's gonna start their new year with a lot of sparkle :D x RT x
New phone smell
i really need a new phone, but every time I have money I can think of better things to spend it on
The friggin cheesy new year SMS' have started trickling in. Time to switch my phone off.
Got a new phone :D Dad got his Samsung Note and its hugeeeeee
My new phone won't turn on um awkward
missplaced my phone! happy new year everyone!
Anyone who texts me before midnight saying Happy New Year because the phone lines will be jammed will die. It's not New Year 'til tomorrow.
omfg!!!!!! my new phone has come and i cant use it becaus i cant get the back off HELP
Given that there's a risk that none of us are able to operate a phone later on, a very Happy New Year to all of you.  Hope 2012 is lucky :)
Damn phone and internet are out and they can't come out to fix it until Monday. Happy fucking New Year
I want a new phone case even though I just paid 48 dollars in one
He sittn here with his new phone n can barely work it .
Can see me dropping my phone tonight so off to get a new phone case!!!
Def getting a new fucking phone....this shit is annoying me now....
So I got myself a live new years countdown wallpaper for my phone, now I won't miss it no matter what >:D
Looks like my phone batt is not gonna survive the night. Advanced happy new year to all. :)
In dire need of a new phone!
Gotta new phone don't have your numby :(
Somebody come in and buy a new phone today. Lol.
I love my new phone :)
happy new year   everyone iam saying it know coz ya what mobile phone networks will be like tonite lol
New phone monday!!!!!7!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i cant wish people happy new year tonight through msg cause my phone no money :'(
I need a new phone case
Can't wait to get a new phone number for the new year
New phone in a couple days awesome :)
Ohhh I can't w8 2 get my new phone...at
phone is charging outside and i'm in my room . sorry for not replying your new year texts . though i don't feel like replying any of them .
i hope my new phone came today because this is starting to get annoying.
New post: Itrack Protect Family Protection - Mobile Phone Security Solution (30 Day trial) Save Price Shopping Online http://childlocatorph
Lawd help me! My Mom found the Voice-to-Text feat. on her new phone. Chapters of SMS texts all read
Need a new phone
Preparing my phone for New Years Broadcast & Drunken messages from friends!! Haha
Um new phone today though. Best believe I'm making my dad take me!
After my wasted trip to Leicester the other day, apple decided to give me a new phone. They are too nice!
I hope everyone has a safe an happy New Years! If you don't have a cab company phone # in your phone do it before you go out! Cheers chase!
Have got a new cath kidston phone case it's awsome!
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE! Won't be on till tomorrow cause phone is about to run out of charge!! Have a good night (: xo
I woke up to a nigga crying on the phone fussing wit his girlfriend outside my window....KMSL this is going to be a crazy new year
New phone XD I love it!
happy new year all the best for 2012 i mite not be able to see my phone by midnight xxxxx
I was going to get things done today. And then, new phone happened :/
im not ever getting a new phone  at first i was pissed but now ima just accept it ...
aintitfunny how when you get a new phone and only have half your contacts, the only people that txt
I'm already after getting 3 "phone lines will be jammed later, so wishing you a happy new year now." texts :L
New Years resolution:  take a photo every day, even if it's just with my I Phone. Should be easy to keep, right?
get my new phone
Happy new year to my Sydney peeps! lovin the phone calls..miss Ya'll
took SIM card out of new phone to put in another. Orange network had a little fit. what a load of wankers they are!
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTRALIA !  if i were to phone my family in australia right now i'd be talking to people in the future omg omg omg
ToDamnBadd finna grab a new phone, then imma see if i can get that whipthang... get this session goi
new phone after work, its been a crazy time without it!!
im soooo super fuckin pissed this morning smfh now i gotta buy a new phone n shit
KEKECALLAWAY I just got a new phone I don't have yours either. Lol check yo dm then ma baby
First post using my new social networking friendly phone. Here's to an informative 2012!
Phone's broken, need a new one. Tweet me if  you have any recommendations?
New phone finalllyy
So i ordered my new phone yesterday and it said it would arrive on the next working day...so is that Tuesday?
I lost my fuckin' phone man...gotta order a new one today =/
If I get another broadcast about the new year I'm going to throw my phone in the road. This is why I want a iPhone :/
I am gonna celebrate new year with My family, (@lovatic_swe on phone), and listen to Selena and One Direction <3
Got new phone!! Amazing!
New year, new phone?? HAHAHA  or ???
New phone at last...fingers crossed this works...
New years eve, looking forward to party tonight. No doubt I'll attempt to make phone calls at midnight and shocked when it doesn't work
My phone is out of money . I can't text my friends to say happy new year . feeling a bit guilty
My phone is at its end. Broken screen, not charging, and outdated. Time for a new one, eventually.
Gonna have to get a new phone & get rid of my iPhone ;''''''(
Well, I'm going to get off the new laptop here and just mess with my phone. Read some. Maybe sleep. But no promises.
cannot wait to get my new phone sick of this prepaid bs
New phone yaaaay!
I have no phone til after New Years. :-/
My phone says "SD card removed. Insert a new one"??????????  My SD card is perfect placed in the slot.
Imagine| *New Years Eve* You receive a phone call. "Happy New Year DEAR" You :"Who's this?" Person: "Your Husband, Bruno Mars ♥
Tempted to take my old phone out with me tonight so I don't smash up my new one :/ haha.
Tweeting with my new phone
im bout to go to REHAB and get a new phone
If I haven't called you yet to wish you a happy new year stay by the phone it will be within the next five hours.
In desperate need of a new phone , I should just order one.
Hotel's internet sucks and the connection via my phone will fail so i'm gonna say Happy New Year to you guys right now (20:24pm  here). (c)
Ughh I hate this new phone. I need to break it in...
Feeling to ring my cousins in New Zealand and scream down the phone "happy new year" but its not the same till tonight!
Phone signal isn't great in Anna's new house & the broadband isn't connected. There will few tweets from me for now but HAPPY NEW YEAR! :oD
Asking my mother to describe her new car on the phone, she replied "four doors and a boot" ... thanks andrea that really narrowed it down.
Really need a new case for my phone, keep dropping it, just dropped it on my grandparents driveway :P
Oh well, I have a new phone, and I'm addicted to it, haha.
Tried to call my sister in Oz. Phone is off I hope she is alive...happy new year to her :-)
I got new bag and new phone. Thanks mom. I love you so much ♥ :)
Fuck my phone's reception >.< but Happy New Year everyone!
My new years party.. Me,Bed,phone,tv,laptop. DONE.
Wow! Organizing a New Year's Eve party is not that easy. I don't look at my phone for 5 minutes and I already have 10 new messages.
Gon Try Ta Show Off They New Phone & Get It Took Lmao
“@Jblaze_88: My new phone is the love I've been looking for” lmao
I need a new phone ASAP cause this one is through -_____-
Because I will probably be unable to use the phone network at midnight, I'm saying Happy New Year now to all my friends, family & followers!
My new phone is the love I've been looking for
Ima need for zel to take his ass to da metro store &get a new phone cuz dis not gne cut it!
'Someone better answer that f'ing phone. Ed Sheeran's on.' Yeah, New Look, sort yourself out. Pffffft!
gonna send all my friends happy new year texts in advance bc I probably turn my phone off
Masturberry - A new term used to describe those blackberry users who fiddle and fondle their phone every few minutes.
Loch awe for new years... Only down side is no phone signal.
I can't reach you guys on the phone after this, so lemme say this earlier, HAPPY NEW YEAR 2012! May this year brings as joy and happiness!
About to shop online for a new phone case (:
Your all shit and new years is shit, stop getting drunk and doing drugs and pick up the phone and call someone you love. Happyfuckingnewyear
My phone's going crazy with Happy New Year texts! Mum, dad and nana are sleeping - sorry guys :)
OMG!!! I am tweeting from my new android phone! Now I can tweet from anywhere! Can't wait for Tuesday so I can bring u all along for the day
I am really enjoying my new years eve right now.. aircon, laptop, food, drinks, phone and most importantly, ALONE.
Hubby has a new phone. It's exactly the same as mine. I am now his personal HTC teacher. Ffs.
Ughh parents said I can only get my new phone tomorrow. Always delay. -_-
And thank god I got this new phone
...But he has to get a new phone.
FlatbushCtyLmts phone alive? Tift on New Years Day? I'm coming for youuuuuu
Imagine| *New Years Eve* You receive a phone call. "Happy New Year BABY" You :"Who's this?" Person: "Your Husband, CODY SIMPSON" ♥
I don't think my phone gonna last that long.. With this opportunity I would to wish every tweeps happy new year. May 2012 treat us well :)
2012 i hope you and i ... Hm.. I guess no i want new phone :p
I got a new phone n loving it
Right I got to go now will tweet form my phone later though hope you all have a great new year! :D
I think I might get rid of social networking this new year. And ignore calls on my phone
Getting drunken NY phone calls from home. Happy New Year, Australia!!! I need to play catch-up now xxx
Every new year he'd phone me & tell me that he wanted it to be me who was the 1st person that he told he loved that year.
My phone keeps playing love letter, I love this song so much! Sounds especially good on New year's eve.
I will just celebrate New Year with you through the phone :)
lol my phone is currently having a heat attack from all the new year messages, so happy new year people =]
Just kissed my phone wallpaper which is a picture of my 1D boys, BEST NEW YEARS KISS EVER.
What a way to usher in the new year: sick ._. But new phone and I'm heading to church! <3
Got my new phone, love it!!!
getting a new phone today for the 2012 :)
I got a new phone im so happy :)
Got a phone call from Australia!  Happy New Year Australia!!! We have 2 more hours ;)
Mom you've had a phone upgrade for 4 years, get a new damn phone.
Could somebody put the new drake album on my phone please!!!
BrainsNBeautyTG idk I need a job so I can buy me a new phone I can't take dis
i really need a new phone
OMG I am one of those people who change phone and lose all their contacts. Ugh fml. And right before New Year too! AAHH what to do!
New phone finally nocracks gotawarrantythistime
Only thing I think about is my new phone YES
My phone is blowing up with Happy New Year texts ... xoxoxox
Finally got my twitter working on my new phone. What a relief!
_AarinDemi my phone is off and shit, hopefully ill get a new one monday !
In my phone its a different story but on twitter its something else, I NEED SOMETHING NEW !
Need new games to download on my phone...any suggestions?
When I get a new phone I'll change my avi! Lol So when ya'll see that avi change ..Ima free man! hah
Ermingard. My mom must have forgotten that I lost my phone after we got cut off. She didn't mention about buying a new one! Azzzar.
I will be accepting last minute 50%off booking phone calls up until 11:59pm!!  Have a safe and Happy New Year everyone!!!
Just in case I'm plastered on red wine & on the phone later & so forget, Happy New Year to you all,I hope 2012 brings you all you wish for
My phone battery is draining and won't last till after countdown. Please stop broadcasting. Thank you and have a very happy new year :)
My daddy got me a new phone!!!! Now i can talk to you guys more!!!!  :D x
okay, like wtf. my phone is spazzing out.... i need a new one. i want a blackberrrryy cause tmobile
FYI our Mutley store is open till 5am on New Years Eve. Here's number to save on your phone when you might be worse for wear 01752 252526
I want a freaking new phone.
LovableLandry i Promise im Giving You The Phone Cause im Going With Sprint And Getting A new iPhone.
I love my new phone bro.
Happy New year all my dear folks before the bottles get uncorked and  ( phone) lines get choked !
So I 'reboot' my phone which wipes half my memory and for what the new twitter app is no better than the last
Great nw cnt get new phone,boohoo
Anyone got Nicolas Cage's character in Gone in 60 Seconds' CELL PHONE (he's American) number? I need to give him a ring. Need a new car.
Really want a new phone! Preferably the white iphone 4s :(
Overheard at the train station: Lad 1: 'My phone's shit. I need a new one!' Lad 2: 'Get an Iphone.' Lad 1: 'I've got one.'
My mom takes about a month to master anything on a new phone
New phone number for the new year? I think so.
New phone???
did I tell y'all I ♥ my new phone
Omw tuu get my new phone
The way my mum goes to someone on the phone earlier 'hope you have a happy new year and stay warm' STAY WARM?! Who says that? Ahahah
new phone!
Hate people who show of there new phone by taking pictures of themselves with it clearly on show.
Need a new phone :(
I want a new phone, but honestly not the iphone... Why would I want something everyone has? Were not
I do not known who u r!!! This a new phone with a new number
Welcome new year ˆ⌣ˆ‎​​​​ new year without mobile phone (⌣́_⌣̀)
Never tried to say Happy New Year on Twitter. If it is anything like phone signal, better say it now. Have a great 2012. Yes, even you.
I need a new phone asap. Fed up of using this shite samsung
Texting My Mr. New New , I Told Him Thats His Name In My Phone He Mad .. lls
Fuck. Tonight my phone will be blown up with "Happy New Years" texts. I hate holidays -____-
Got new fonts for my phone:p
Still getting use to new phone. Its so touchy
I really need a new phone, I've waited long enough
I'm going to have to do that 'hey guys this is my new number!!!' text because I don't want to wait until the 4th to use my new phone
Off to get a new phone, but don't know what to get?
Happy New Year Everyone... Best wishes for 2012!! .I have zero phone reception....back on the 4th xx
I got a new phone and I need number numbed, text me if you have my number
where is moms so I can get this new phone and get LOUDED???
Laughing at the thought of all the gay texts / facebook updates saying ' Before all the phone lines are jammed, wish you happy new year'!
fa new years im cutting my phone off , I dnt want them fowarded ass txt messages
I'm probably gonna be pass new year sittin here reading Frerard, alone, with food on table, MSI, MCR, BVB, PP and LM playing on my phone
My new year resolution: hav my phone fixed! lol
wish my dad would hurry up and send my new phone down this ones driving me crazy
My God I need a new phone. This one is playing bitch on me.
Random woman: "happy new year!" Lizzy: "happy new year to you too!" *woman is actually on the phone*
Woo! Just got my new phone and now im trying to get used to typing on touch screen again :S
I just kissed my hubby for New Year...over the phone. He's at home with the boys camping in the backyard. Miss H & I are keeping Mum company
Still here. Can't believe I'm gonna be here to see in the new year. What a pile of shit. And my phone almost dead too!
New year at jambi just hearing some music from my phone and study for the check .. Really awsome (⌣́_⌣̀")
Just had the shittiest new year. Sitting in my friends garage talking to my dad on the phone because my friends didn't want to do anything.
wow the phone call i just had, we going super lavish this new years eve  /(^_^)\  now in need of a partner.
New years with my phone :')
8 hour plane delay - no phone/internet access since here in New Delhi, but looking forward to playing in a few hours. Big Love from 2012 xxx
Having to write a whole essay to my dad as to why I should get a new phone :(
Cant wait to use my new phone(:
idk what i did to my phone until i can't make my photo as my wallpaper. so i cant use my new theme!! no wallpaper very ugly
Who's buying you a new phone? *crickets*...
My phone being flooded with texts xD thanks everyone for the new year wishes!
Sa_Shayy yessir! My  is off though! :( I'm getting a new phone though! But for the time being, text
... Say hi to Uncle Brandon and to the rest of 'em for me. Love you all, bye! Happy New Year, again!" I sent the email, through my phone ...
ohhh nooo ive scratched my new phone alreadt
Spend the new year eve at home with my phone and i-pad and ofcourse family
The only thing I'm changing for the new year is my phone plan. Shit too damn high lmaoo
My phone keeps saying I have new mentions but its not showing me them, so if you've tweeted me I'm not ignoring you:-)
I love the people that blow up my phone and Facebook asking if I can cut u deals on New Years Eve? Everyone pays! No discounts,no guest list
My track pad on my bb stopped working yesterday on my birthday. Now it's time for a new phone ! :D
My Phone Saying I Have New Mentions & Messages But It's Not Showing Me -_____________-
I do love my new phone :D HTC Incredible 2!!!
Happy New Year,  omg how my phone calendar just changed from december 2011 to January 2012!! Freaky shit
Ordered my new phone (: goodfeeling imreadyimreadyimready
Got a shiny new phone. No more cracked glass or scratches for me anymore.
Haha counted down new year on the phone with Kaleb
yay, new phone today:-)
' - ii ' JUST want aa new phone !
Before 12 hits...happy new year everyone. When 12 hits, pls Hv ur hands around a loved one or party with friends with u. Not your phone.
New year moment with fixiebike, phone, piattos, headset, 600D, ranOnline and ....................without girlf
I WANT A NEW PHONE.
New Year = Sirang phone...!!!!huhuhu..that's how to start the year!!! :(
“@_ctAMIRAHH: Later tonight my phone will be vibration non-stop. "happy new year" "happy new year" "happy new year".”
Free taco with your phone tweet tomorrow new years day. At Las Olas Exeter or Hampton.
Luvin this new battery now my phone has a longer life span
Downloading rihannas albums on my new phone
Phone ringing for liquor sales at 7:30am. Really? May I suggest a New Years's resolution?
a happy new year in advance everyone c: I'll not be able to say that once it's time, since I don't have internet on ma phone x_x
Back in the day we'd phone Happy New Year; then it was 'texting'. Now, I guess the youngsters'll 'Twitter' each other on 'smart phones'.
DeAnte trying to stunt like he aint happy bout his new phone <<<<<<<<<<,Aw okay
Going to invest in a new phone i feel that i deserve a better one =) that actually allows me to do things...
Don't phone him. It's New Year's Eve and he's Scottish.
I am about to go out of mobile phone range for the next 2 days so will wish you all a happy new year just now!
Idk why I even keep thinking ima get a iPhone. This phone I got is brand new!vzjQf
Happy New Year 2012 My Wish : New Phone ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ
I wish I could call steph when it was a minute left until new years but my phone is fucked.
ugh so apparently my phone has some technical problems so they're sending me a new one but who knows how long that'll take ugh
Better charge my phone . Cos 'Next year' 2012 , my phone will be flooded with New Year wishes .
didn't buy a new phone after all because there wasn't any aesthetically pleasing ones
Awesome new phone case mah
i need my new phone sap sap.!
Well, my phone might not be new but who CARES??!! It's in a very AWESOME CONDITION! :D
To all those with my number...... DO NOT TXT MY PHONE HAPPY NEW YEAR... I will delete ur fucking #
Sooo much to do today but i have to wait for a bloody phone call from Asda! Happy new year!
My sis need a new phone ASAP
New phone!
Guess I'll just get internet on my phone and spend the New Year on Twitter. Or just get my laptop to my grandma's
*hulur iphone4s* "@DenaBahrin: ya Allah i really need a new phone"
finally i think i might be getting a new phone that actually works
Someone go to Futureshop for me and get a new battery for my phone. I don't wanna.
The New Year is fast approaching, so before I get drunk, naked, arrested, and lose my phone. I wanna wish you a Happy New Year!
Wish my dad would hurry up, so I can get my new phone
According to my phone it's 1/1/12 so HAPPY NEW YEARRRRRRRR
... Happy New Year's Eve, sir! -He greeted me back, "Same too you!" I smiled as I sat down, pursing my lips as I brought my phone out. ...
OH THE EGO reaches new heights/low “@BearGrylls: will give a phone call to follower 500,000...”
ya Allah i really need a new phone
hubby gave me my new phone i still dont know how to work it, he's talking about selling it and getting me a simpler phone lol
She betta do what do ' call the damn cell phone service && damand for a new phone !
Supposed to be xmas shopping and so far all my dad has bought is a new phone and lots of accessories
got a new phone today :D still trying to figure it out though...
I want a new phone
Made Twitter The New App , On My Phone I Guess Im Back To This .
ogg2233 you get ur new phone yet?
New phone and I getting along very well :)
I have no phone...Anybody tryna get hold of me should just use twitter or my email. Have a HAPPY NEW YEAR!
LOL, 85 NEW MESSAGES ON MY PHONE. XD YOU GUYS. <33333
Well got my new phone . Tweet me doe .
The shutter sound on the camera on my new phone sounds like a sneeze...
Got a new simcard! So happy my phone works ok now :)
Might delete all my messages on my phone for the new year
phone was lost.... idk how but whateva... new phone should be coming in the mail by thursday so hit me up here if u need me
23days till my new phone!
BBM pins and numbers pleaseeee I have a shiny new phone :)
New silicon for my phone!
I hate when I get a voicemail without a missed call, I really need a new phone !
My new phone cum today but if it dnt before 12 ima gne head to the new orleans!
ekowalzy9 yes!!! Welcome to team iPhone. Glad u finally got a new phone instead of that pieceofshit
new phone tomorrow.......finally
I think im fina buy a new phone !
New post: 5x Samsung Infuse 4G i997 Mobile Phone Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Film Kit, No cutting, Perfect fit wi
Just got my new phone. I'm so happy
ready to bring n new yr wth new phone new num new life ahead
(Y) new phone ,new year!
Whenever I hear my phone beep, I'm deeply wishing that you are the one who is greeting me a Happy New Year. but......... :l
When I sync my phone, the computer makes a little mocking trumpet noise if I haven't any new pictures to import.  Jeez give me a break
just got off the phone with my old roomate. happy new year friends.
I NEED A NEW PHONE!!!! BADLY!!!!
Bought a new case for my phone, its like a house brick! Can't even swipe my notification bar down!
The answer phone is going on in 13 mins. Get your calls in now or be patient til Tuesday :)  Happy New Year!
Waiting for all the 'ill text you now cause the phone networks will be jammed later, Happy New Year!' texts, like 7 hours too early.
alright let me get this straight the location on my tweets is wrong so dont stress :-) i donnt no why its wrong but new phone is retarded!
achoi12 me too...I need to get a new phone before the semester starts...but iPhone 5 rumors kill me.
B4 the sun sets  b4 all the  networks get jammed and b4 i go out get really drunk n loose my phone im goin to wish u a very HAPPY New year !
New Year's Eve "Home Alone"?The last thing you need is the pre-2012 "Countdown"?We'll be sitting by the phone through the night. 08457909090
Internet's gonna lag, phone networks' gonna be bad later.. So Happy New Year in advance :)
Ipad2, music, cell phone, wifi and my bed!  .-----> PERFECT NEW YEAR CHILL!
Need a new phone soooo badly!
Just bought my new phone Blackberry Curve hehehehe. BB pins anyone ? ;)
New year's eve and my phone won't charge. Whyy
I want a new phone. And i want that shit to bee kool ass fuck ~
UGH guess friday ima b buyin a new phone SMH never drinking again jus kiddin never having my phone near my cup of booze»
I get my new phone Friday. Yay
(c) laptop so I can tweet from my phone but my story wont be updated until after the new year.
this is the new phone case im getting ^_^ i only got the case, not the other fabric thingy.
My greatest achievement  .1-Got excepted in KU ENG .2-I got my license .3-Got FA in calculus B .4-A new best friend  .5-Got an I-Phone
Enjoying my new year eve with my mom and my boyfriend via phone :p
Yes yes yes!!!!! New phone up and running!!! Very very excited. It's so well good
My phone isn't showing new texts anymore -_- that's just fantastic.
Hopefully I Get This New Phone Today
New Year in the middle of nowhere with no phone signal but at least wifi! So Happy New Year tweet instead of texts it is!
I know they say be grateful , but DANG I WANT A NEW PHONE -__-
New year, new phone. <3
Got some new music on my phone! Can't wait til Inception starts! :) MovieNight
my phone thinks it cool with this snow effect over the screen cause its new years, but its annoying as :O
Phone has already started ringing at 730a. Happy New Years Eve to me!
BOTH!!! "@JoulesDaKid: Okay so my blackberry isn't working. New pin or Phone number?"
Off to get my new phone! Yeaahhhh budddieee
Ah, Echo & The Bunnymen, just what this New Years Eve ordered. Cheers, shuffle function on my phone.
i need a new phone i can't even get apps on this one :/
Today will involve cleaning up my room, my FB, my twitter, & my phone. Getting rid of all the baggage b4 the new year starts.
no1 2 bring n the new year with, : (  no1 to kiss. I guess imma kiss him over the phone lol
phone broke on xmas I just got a new one today fam text me I got no numbers prettyboysam09 KushedOut
Sorry cant get to my telephone but if u aint my new boo then leave me the hell alone =9
Sorry Can't Get To My Telephone If You Ain't My New Boo Then Leave Me The Hell Alone. (:
Sorry can't get to my telephone if u ain't my new boo leave me the he'll alone -Trey
When he call i bet he hear something like  'sorry cant get to my telephone if u aint my new boo leave me the hell alone'
Sorry, cant get to my telephone if you ain't my new boo, leave me the hell alone ..
Sorry, can't get to the telephone, and if you aint my new boo then leave me the hell alone!
"sorry, I can't get to my telephone. If u ain't my new boo leave me the hell alone"
I'm sorry I can't get to my telephone if you aint my new boo leave me the hell alone
So... two hours doing the telephone dance with Verizon trying to get our new HD cable box activated.
Just now went to lot 1 , to get my new telephone , I saw my p3 teacher ( miss tan ) 
“@ItsDarianDuhh 'sorry , cnt get to my telephone . if yu aint my new boo leave me the hell alone'”
'sorry , cnt get to my telephone . if yu aint my new boo leave me the hell alone'
The people from sandhill telephone company said if my google apps arent working by monday or Tuesday we have to get a new router -___-
Sorry, can't get to my telephone. If you aint my new boo, leave me the hell alone.
Sorry. Can't get to my telephone, if you ain't my new boo leave me the helll alone :)
