Life is hard sometimes hey, one doesn't always get what they want, and they must learn to accept this...#sigh
We as men must learn to realize which females r which.... Its either u make love or u jus fuk... Its either ma material or motel 6 material!
That's why I tell guys: You must learn the Deep Psychological Secrets to getting women sexually aroused -
To succeed in life, you can't fear failure. Instead you must learn from it, get up and move on.
We must learn to “be” and not always feel that we must “do.”
must learn how to spend my $$$ smarter, instead of blowing it
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
my nephew is obsessed with my fat stomach, well stomachs in general....but he must learn not to punch people as he is doing me
We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions.
My woman must learn to make Thai food. I'm adding that in the vows. lol
In order for you to love someone else. first you must learn to love yourself.
I am such a pushover sometimes. Must learn to stand my ground
u only live once, u must learn to take advantage of your daily opportunuties to be a hero to the youth in this lifetime
Life has unending challenges, we must learn to face our challenges with confidence and grace.
Unknown~ Fear clouds your mind it distracts your thoughts to survive in dangerous times you must learn to supress it and think.
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." .Martin Luther King, Jr.
There is such a thing as learning to love well (the heart, mind and body). But first one must learn *that* it is possible to love at all.
I must learn how to control my emotion 
They say  .That I must learn to kill before I can feel safe .But I .I'd rather kill myself than turn into their slave
Who is teaching me how to dance i must learn!
<3  If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. <3
Before you learn to love others, you must learn to love yourself.
love is like playing the piano. first, you must learn to play by the rules then, you must forget the rules and play from your heart!
We must learn to apply all that we know so that we can attract all that we want. - Jim Rohn
One must learn to always appreciate a random conversation with an old lady about tulips.
We must learn from our mistakes if we ever intend to move forward.
People will always disappoint you, to remain happy you must learn to face the ugly truth forgive, forget and move on
Our expenses should never exceed our income... We must learn to be be financially sound
I must learn to hold it together.
We all must learn to dig down deep inside, trust that inner voice, and not be afraid to face and forgive ourselves.
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ It is not enough to conquer one must learn to seduce.
Though it hurts you must learn to try i know i've got to let you go
How many times must I hit myself against the same fucking wall to learn my lesson.
We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light. We are so bright inside.
Learn to think for yourself! If so and so said it, it must be true! That's FOOLISHNESS! Get the facts for yourself!
To live remains an art which everyone must learn, and which no one can teach. Havelock Ellis.....Happy New Year!
Before you can help the world .1 must 1st learn to help them self
Really must learn to censor myself....I have a tendency of being way too blunt...smh
We must hurt in order to Grow, fail in order to Know & lose in order to Gain. Because some lessons in Life, are best learn through Pain.
You must think we're the Lost Boys and can live on imaginary food. Better learn to cook something sweerie.
If u want to talk less in 2012, then ur words must be ur bond. If we'd do whateva we say, then we'd learn to talk less.
Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right.
You must first learn to follow before you can lead. Influential leaders know this principle, power leaders forgot this principle.
Do you know how hard it is for me to be asking my boy to open my supermalt bottle for me, nahh I must learn
Before you can find your  number two you must learn to b at peace with number one.
bout to play my daddy in checkers beat this old nigga ss smh he must forgot i learnt form him but i wanna play chess i will learn and be
"Who dares to teach must never cease to learn."  John Cotton Dana
Argh, must learn not to start debates on Twitter, where 140 characters is just not enough to express a fully-formed opinion...
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Realize People Will Make Mistakes
As if you close your eyes, it's a beautiful world. Human must learn to find God in the simplest beauty.
We practice judging others by judging ourselves. We must learn to love ourselves so we can stop hating everyone else.
Before you lead me to be better, let's learn your self. Because start from your self you must lead your self
i always seem to find myself in a situation where i am the one that gets hurt. must learn and not do this.
Love is like playing a piano. First, you must learn to play by the rules. Then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.
To my teammates, hold your heads up, we put forth a good effort today. We must learn from this game and be ready for the next
RT “@SSligh: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." ~  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.”
my hair cant do anything cool, must learn how to make it cool looking
I vow to learn to be better to myself this year; I tend to neglect my needs for others  that must change
I swear the 405 freeway is crazy! lol you must learn to cut off people and speed
Someone must of learn how to have f .good sex :)
In order to enjoy someone's good qualities, you must first learn to accept their flaws
We must learn how to love and care for the stranger to whom we find ourselves married. Stanley Hauerwas
To get most from your blessings you must learn from your past & move forward with the purpose of not repeating mistakes or dwelling on them
To understand who you are, you must first learn how you perceive reality around you, and how you cope with the events that befall you.
It's not 2012 and am planning events 4 2015, I must learn to slow down... Lol
''Park Bom unnie must learn them how to dance with a short dress''
Really must learn how to use a hair dryer.. Sleeping with wet hair is so annoying! :s
must learn how to put effort into not using all my effort for drawings fuuu-
Must learn never to drink so much wine on a weeknight!!
Learn to do common things uncommonly well; we must always keep in mind that anything that helps fill the dinner pail is valuable.
If you want to grow, you must learn to let go
Love is like playing the piano. At first you must learn to play by the rules, then you forget the rules and play from your heart.
Have mad respect for those with one leg must take a lot of talent to learn to live with one lower extremity
Marketers must learn to identify and adapt to these different identities
Drivers of Baton Rouge. I don't know you all did it but, most of you must've skipped drivers ed. Please, learn to drive.
“Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right.”
Computers are dumb. They only know what you tell them... I must not know enough about the flesh myself. I'm gonna have to learn.
somethings in life you can't change .. and those are the things you must learn to accept
Lovely evening with the girls at Pizza Hut. Must learn to ignore my manly appetite and accept I have a tiny stomach.
Ohhhhhhhh so this is what it feels like to be slapped by a zulu guy...what did I learn...maybe just maybe bobby must stop dating!!!much love
We all suffer setbacks from time to time. It's how we grow & learn. Must say, I much prefer the rollercoaster v's the merry-go-round. :)
"You must learn how to follow before you can lead"
You must first learn how to Follow, before you can lead.
(2) make it a MUST 4 immigrants from everywhere 2 learn English B4 coming to d US, and (3) make it illegal 4 employers 2 prefer bilinguals.
why is it politically incorrect, or rude, to say, immigrants to this English speaking country MUST learn to read, write, and speak English ?
Pushing him away won't get you anywhere besides farther.. you must learn to trust him, but only if he's worthy enough.
"Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right."
I must learn to carry an umbrella. I've been caught out far too many times now.
My dad to my brother: "Brad, you must learn to not argue with the girls." lol
As we seek to experience God working in our lives, we must first learn to see our self as God sees us
to learn from your mistakes, you must make the mistakes
I must say I have started to enjoy cooking, need to learn how to make roti and dhaal now!! :D
Dear daughter: you cant txt and drive with your head down.. Guh hold your head up. You must learn to txt without looking at ur phone..
To succeed you must first improve, to improve your must first practice, to practice you must first learn, and to learn you must first fail.
You will never learn until you LEARN!!! So I think its safe to say ''you must learn to learn''  lol
Sometimes you must stumble, fail, take the wrong path So U can become stronger, learn some lessons and realize what to appreciate in life!
I must learn not to trust people that much.
"@AbcGrade: I must learn to lock my phone" lmao I feel tht...hide yer pornos :)
1 of the greatest needs of this generation is true spiritual fathers! They must learn 2 father & sons must learn to be sons, rooted in love.
always! “@shiva_tina: My intuition and gut feeling is never wrong! Must learn to trust them more... ; )”
In order to be succesful, you must learn to deal with rejection
no matter what the world comes to I stand tall, I face my fears & accomplish my goals, life is a hard lesson but we must learn it somehow...
I must learn to lock my phone
I hav to learn ow to speak yoruba well!! Dese pple must stop laffin at me..
"We must learn to contact our inner source of happiness & satisfaction & flow it outward to share with others...~Shakti Gawain"
Before you can learn something new, you must become willing to unlearn what you now accept as true.
Don't ignore ignorance... it must be taught to learn.
Stephen Jones said Dez Bryant must learn to take care of his business off the field
I was blinded by your love, .but now I must learn to see.
To receive from the world, you must GIVE to the world, for the source of love is endless, if you learn to GIVE first.
We have to learn from our mistakes and move on don't beat your self up over your pastGod has forgiven you & Now you must Forgive your self
Loose its the first step to be a winner you must learn to accept the lose if you wanna be a winner
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.
“@Ashuhiee: There are too many tricks in this life. If you don't want to be played, you must learn how to play them.” PREACH IT GIRL!
Things we dont want to happen but must accept, things we dont want to know but must learn, & people we cant live without but must let go.
Hey, how are we all doing? My shoulder's feeling a lot better now, must learn to stretch before shooting :P only 1 week till my tournament
Whether or not you can understand the situation - u must learn to live with it
“He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. ”
You must learn to keep yourself happy,.because it's not guaranteed that anyone else will.
Thinking of New years resolutions...just thinking...lots of people seem to have them so there must be something in that...learn to cook??
"You will never outgrow warfare... you must simply learn to fight." Mike Murdock
Last year’s teacher: ’M not going to teach this, you’ll learn it next year! Next year’s: Skip this, you must have remembered it last year.
Sound engineer must know to make a song sounds more beautiful in ppl ears..and I still need to learn. Much
Jada must learn how to cook for her self lol
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Realize People Will Make Mistakes...just stop making em
"There are things we don't want to happen but must accept, things we don't want to know but have to learn, and people we can't live without
“@sandmarg: Must remind myself to learn the art of saying absolutely nothing.  Great skill.”How can one do so? Incredibly hard to button up.
Problem with ppl these days is they hold grudges. You may not forget, but you must learn to forgive
“@ManniFresh_44: Before I died I must learn how to play the Saxophone” ur gay
Before I died I must learn how to play the Saxophone
you get your spot to shine, & then you either make the most of it &, you must learn to have the patience to pick your right tourny to take
Must remind myself to learn the art of saying absolutely nothing.  Great skill.
If one teacher cant teach all 5 subjects , why must kids learn all 5 subjects and expect to pass -___-
Humans must think about living on. And, must also understand death. Most important, we must learn to understand the truth. .(xxxHOLiC)
Who remembers that thing you did in primary school to learn your spelling ..look, learn, cover, copy ..or somthing must have just been me
In order to Learn One Must Live..
My intuition and gut feeling is never wrong! Must learn to trust them more... ; )
EVERY OPPORTUNITY REQUIRES LABOURYOU MUST LEARN TO SEIZE EVERY OPPORTUNITY THAT COMES YOUR WAY
In order to learn lifes lessons, we must face a fear each day .
"Who dares to teach, must never cease to learn." (John Cotton Dana).
To live remains an art which everyone must learn, and which no one can teach.
Love is like playing the piano, first you must learn to play by the rules, then u must forget the rules and play from your heart..
Love is like playing the piano, first you must learn to play by the rules, then you forget the rules and play from your heart.
& In Order To Do That I Must Be All Of Those Things Myself! Ur Children Learn By The Example U Set 4 Them!
We must learn to stop letting past experience morph into future probability ☺
There are zero songs that discribe my feelings. Now i must learn to sing and play every instrament ever made. Im going to start bassone!
I must learn to stop cursing and swearing....though i just learnt them,10% only...maybe scold a little? 5%?
There's room at the top they are telling you still. .But first you must learn how to smile as you kill
In politics, a man must learn to rise above principle. - American Proverb
I must learn to relieve my hand of the strain of its own fist and save my teeth from the grinding of their jaws.
i must learn to sneeze with my mouth closed..
You must learn how to dust, not vacuum
Who dares to teach, must never cease to learn
I must learn to let go without 2nd thoughts.
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Forgive And Realize People Will Make Mistakes
To learn to succeed, you must first learn to fail - Michael Jordan
Just as you have to learn to give, you must learn to receive! Good givers are great getters!
Everything is a game, you must learn how to win.
"@SSligh: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." ~ Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
We must learn to put issues in more capable hands than our own. In our hands it becomes misery, but in His hands it becomes a miracle.#1Word
To have the fulfilled life, you must question the unanswerable and learn nothing
To move on you must learn to except & forgive....
Before we can be happy with someone else, we must first learn how to be happy with ourselves.
Must learn how to bake Salted Caramel Apple pie.....
I am learning crochet. Must learn it so i dont need to buy each time i will feel cold.
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." ~  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I think having to cook my own dinner is a liberty although I am an adult now and must learn the ways of life. Yay!
“@AntoinetteJoi87 I said it before & I'll say it once again...people must learn to live within their means.” This is fact
<~~~~ @ me“@AntoinetteJoi87: I said it before & I'll say it once again...people must learn to live within their means.”
I said it before & I'll say it once again...people must learn to live within their means.
You must learn to train the flesh not to seek its own pleasure, but to yield to the word! Submit unto God, resist the evil n he will flee
D'past I accepted as an expperince n memory, no regret at all, now I see to d'present n future while learn from it, d'journey must continued
She must learn to do some food shopping
password hint: something you MUST to learn!
"is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart."
In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn
Shola Mensah Adeniyi wrote:  We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions."
To b a great leader...one must first learn to follow.
No fear, no pain, nobody left to blame i'll try alone make destiny my own i learn to free my mind myself i now must find once more♪HELLOWEEN
You must learn to see what your looking at.
and yeah I must learn to take responsibility from now on. you are a highschooler luciana at the gate of the future!
Sometimes we must do stuped things to learn how to do good things!
“You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.” ~ Sam Levenson
people must learn everything... no one can walk right after they born...even the most famous people learns how to be more respected....
When morals decline and good men do nothing, evil flourishes. A society unwilling to learn from the past is doomed. We must never forget.
To succeed you must first improve, to improve you must first practice, to practice you must first learn, and to learn you must first fail.
I MUST learn to control my anger, my temper and all the crazy things that go on in my head so that I may stop the violence!!
i must learn to grow up.
Must learn to be a better loser... Crying in the bathroom because I feel stupid as fuck doesn't suit me
If you want a companion, you must learn to be companionable.
We must learn to live together as Brothers. Or Perish together as Fools
I feel the most important requirement to success is learning to overcome failure. You must learn to tolerate it, but never accept it.
We must learn to love those with whom we do not agree and who have not necessarily treated us justly.~Debbie Ford
we choose such foolish ppl to be with at the time in need of affection the choices we make must not define us but 4us2 learn our needs&wants
"@JoyceMeyer: We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions."
I must learn to stop touching my savings account :(
RTRT@MsPanda21: Okay,today I learn again!! I must carefully to choose the person to be my Couple. </3 luckily I'm not choose you,boy (:
Okay,today I learn again!! I must carefully to choose the person to be my Couple. </3 luckily I'm not choose you,boy (:
I MUST learn how to make my own clothes
We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions <3
They must be ain't learn from this past Monday.....if my ass aint supposed to be at work....i'm not going to be there ...period
Must learn to play other songs... But damn hard:(
There are too many tricks in this life. If you don't want to be played, you must learn how to play them.- Wilson Kanadi
i learn 1 thing from my friend.. "if u want to get someone u must be brave and honest"
Why u fall? Bcoz u must learn how to keep ur self up.
Dude, autocorrect. I must learn to master your stealth.
okay i'm going to learn superbass now i MUST win against abbie in january
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish t'gether as fools"
We must learn to trust our feelings. They are your guide throughout your life...
The word 'swag' will never die. Peeps must just learn to deal with it!
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Realize People Will Make Mistakes..
We must learn to contact our inner source of happiness & satisfaction & flow it outward to share with others...~Shakti Gawain
I cannot let things get to me. Must learn to control. Already at my maximum but no choice.
We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light. Sn: It's abt to be a new year n 1 day.
“@KaeRose106 In order for a relationship to function properly, you must learn to realize people will make mistakes.”
And from Nature we should learn. .That all can start again. .As the stars must fade away. .To give a bright new day.
"We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light. " - Earl Nightengale
Op, light's green, that means it must be turning red soon. NO BITCH, GREEN MEANS GO. LEARN TO DRIVE.
Must learn to fight the urge to view those pics smh
Oh well, things happen and we must all learn to adjust :)
She must be really thirsty to learn my business...request on fb & twitter. Who tf r u?
I can't even believe Rebecca made me go there with her. She must be sick. She knows I do not play. I had to learn her something real quick.
I pray for my enemies on the daily! God loves us all, so we must learn to love the ppl who hate us as well...
Dont b upset or force ppl to come to Christ, God must deposit this desire in their hearts, not u. Learn how to evangelize correctly.
You must learn to live accepting poeple's achievements, you gotta learn to leave behind envy. Be a good friend or you will hate and you...
Things I must learn ; how to pick a lock.
I need to learn Arabic .... It's a must
I must learn how to make a perfect omelet before I die...
must learn not to stare at ppl while in my car...without sunglasses...i keep forgetting that they can see me too :-\
Must learn to sleep like a normal person.
One thing I learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself
There's room at the top, they are telling you still. But First you must learn to smile as you kill.
If my Gran was here I know wat she would say " you must learn to cruel before you can walk"
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools" MLK
To live remains an art which everyone must learn, & which no one can teach.
Done my 2012 resolutions! DIET is on the list every year.. And accomplish my failure 2011 resolution LEARN TO COOK is a must! Haha
You must learn to desire before you ever learn to aspire.
Poor me. I dont know how to ride a bike. Must learn it by 2012. Excited for sunday!
To live remains an art which everyone must learn, & which no one can teach
must learn how to shuffle... the cool kpop to the world shuffle... i was stunned
In order to learn the important lessons of life one must each day surmount to fear..
To learn to Succeed, you must learn to Fail!
Hot goose fat in the eye, must learn not to shake the roast potatoes so much.
Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right
We must learn to see the world with bare, naked attention, seeing it without any concepts, beliefs, preconceptions, or expectations.
duly and july, english must really be a pain in the arse to learn for non native speakers
You must learn to work miracles on a daily basis they don't happen on their own
"@prettysara12: Its so simple to be polite and never say any thing would hurt her feelings  That what men must learn "
You must try to love  .to help  .to see  .to have value  .to live present or simply live  .you must try to learn  .I said  ./Mariposhka/
Since in order to speak, one must first listen, learn to speak by listening~Rumi
One thing I learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself.
Economic injustice will lead to civil unrest. Government must learn this , from histories of other toppled governments
Sometimes u must learn to snub people. B'coz u need to move on, especially wen dey are holding u back
“@BossBadongski: Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” --must agree to this..
I must learn that when I try a new wine I don't always have to finish the bottle !
this holidays i was like, MUST LEARN HOW TO RIDE A BICYCLE. MUST! in the end... haiz.
We must learn to come home all together
must try laser tag, ice skating and must learn how to ride a bike before i graduate
To have knowledge you must first have reverence for the lord; stupid people have no respect for wisdom & refuse to learn. Proverbs 1:7
I must learn to still enjoy on all situation,keep calm,and patient... Bismillah o:)
"Love is like playing the piano... You must first learn to play by the rules... Then you must forget the rules and play from your heart"
Must learn to let go...
There is an enormous power that yearns to be activated (or re-activated) within all of us. We must learn how to manipulate codes.
in order to learn the important lesseons in life, one must each day surmount to fear.
I regret quitting, I was once a quitter... I was young. Now I realized in order to have the character, I must learn from my mistakes...
Its so simple to be polite and never say any thing would hurt her feelings  . .That what men must learn 
If you want to grow, you must learn to let go.
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Forgive And Realize People Will Make Mistakes.
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself. .     All from Sam Levenson,
I must learn to control.
I must learn to be patient. I must learn how to be patient.
"We must learn that passively to accept an unjust system is to cooperate with that system, and thereby become a participant in its evil."
I've heard it said that people come into our lives 4 a reason,bringing something we must learn&we are let to those who help us most to grow
“I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.”
To learn u must be disciplined, it is stupid to hate correction
Anyone interested to learn driving,must let me know okay,because my dad teach =D.
to live fully, we must learn to aim.
“@TayBarnes22: She keep yellin she want another job they must have told her she gotta learn how to skate”• lmao no they didn't !
She keep yellin she want another job they must have told her she gotta learn how to skate
We must learn to take advantage of every opportunity!
we must learn to love each other and replace the competitiveness of capitalist greed with joint initiatives to benefit all
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, and then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.
I believed that He who doesnt work must not eat, so i set out to learn the strategies of successful working and existing
If you want a deeper, more intimate connection with God you must learn to honestly share your feelings with Him.
champs of selfsustainability... the taiga group. there hard work has no end. we must all learn NOW to be selfsustained, lest we become lost
Life isn't a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right.
People come into our lives for a reason - to show us the things we must learn.
I love coffee. But I must learn to drink something else. The coffee consequences are too dire.
I must learn how to understand you my love #^_^
Life isn't a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right;)
Life isn't a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right
"We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light."-Earl Nightingale
one must learn to be appreciate the nothing before they can be greatful for everything
Too late we learn a person must hold his friend unjudged accepted trusted to the end
Aaahhhh to lazy to get up... But MUST learn all lines!
I must learn to control my tears when it comes to the Ghost of You video, but I cant coz it's too sad *cries*
Take this day is make it count, cease every moment. Life is a gift we must learn to enjoy & greatly appreciate. It becomes what we make it!
...nevertheless, we must learn to employ them consistency in our lives. The most important of all laws is the law of Love....
After all, Atari must know that it's possible for determined players to learn to negotiate much arcade insanity without use of beta blockers
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." -Martin Luther King Jr.
Our energy needs to be focused on our future. We can't change the past, but we must learn from it.
there is no stopping the thought carousel. you must learn to tuck and roll.
other groups must learn from my boys how to steal the show lol
We must learn to say NO and not fear the loss of relationship.
From tomorrow onwards, I must try to get my weight back to 60kg and below! Must learn to control my eating again!
one thing we must learn about love, if u dont love a person at all, never give them a reason to love u more.
Must learn to be independent - completely independent!
Insany is part of the times you must learn to embrace the madness; let it fire you.
2012- I must learn how to control my temper and if I can't or the situation calls for it, I must do it with flair! Haha. Good vibes!
I must learn to not feed the trolls
Its P-a-r-t-why time? Because its new year time. Must learn to celebrate,smile everyday. Why people are so tensed up man?enjoy
Natijahnya, we oftentimes do mistakes too, so we must also learn how to forgive our friends, who forgive us always for our oversight.
You must learn to put aside what isn't worth keeping/staying with.
Learn to enjoy where you are on the way to where you're going. You are already moving forward but you must allow the process.
Hahah ok i must learn to get used to this
Training Quote: He who dares to teach must never cease to learn - Richard Dann
Must learn to travel light. Bt all are essential things that i cn't leave hm without. Hehehhhe
Hyunah must learn how to sexy dance CLEANLY.
Íýã ºðºº áàéð ÿàðàëòàé çàðíà Óòàñ - <<< Mongolian must be really hard to learn
2011 give me a lot of best&worst memories. The problem and mistake bring something that I must learn to be better. Thank you! ☺♡
One thing I learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself. =)
Come 2012... Nigerian's must learn to be optimistic..cc@nnaziri
It's normal for children to make a wrong choice. More than once. But as we mature, we must learn that only right wins.
Must try & learn to sync-purr to all hearts. Fuck it, if hard. Must learn & will do.
You must learn to be a thankfull person .
A man who wants to lead must learn to follow first. Leadership is worked for, not given.
They say that I must learn to kill before I can feel safe, but I, I'd rather kill myself then turn into their slave..
Losing is a part of life that we all encounter & must learn to cope w/.Just because we fail at something doesnt mean we're a failure..
I must learn to cook for myself soon. Having canned dinners for two days ain't exactly healthy.
If you want to lead the people, you must learn how to follow them.
I must Learn how to love myself more ♡
to learn you must make mistakes; when you make a mistake you often will get in trouble
Anyone that sends me purple messages from now on will get these pictures of pores sent to they. They must learn!
These two beasts must learn to sleep later.
Accept yourself and learn to be happy with who God made you to be. If you want to truly enjoy your life, you must be at peace with yourself.
“@RapidBI: Training Quote: He who dares to teach must never cease to learn - Richard Dann” < Teacher learns most. Usually by listening. Odd
must learn to say#no
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Training   Quote: He who dares to teach must never cease to learn - Richard Dann
Ok... I must learn how to calm down..
One thing I learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself. -@WilzKanadi
Must learn to ignore superficial conversations in the new year.
I need to learn I'm not funny when I'm drunk. No one thinks I am but myself. I must learn from this.
Every Filipino youth must learn to believe that he/she can also do what JOSE RIZAL did for our country. Happy RIZAL Day!
There's room at the top but first you must learn how to smile as you kill
"@IAM_SHAKESPEARE: a banished father, you must not learn me how to remember any"
There's a time, time lord; when every boy must learn how to dance :3
Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right!
First you must learn how to smile when you kill if you want to be like the folks on the hill.
To find peace, first you must learn to stand still.
If you really love someone,you must LEARN how to UNDERSTAND and most of all how to STOP when you feel IT'S NOT MEANT TO BE! Yo! yun lng :))
Must learn not to eat bread before bed.
I must learn to say NO..doing things grudgingly is worse than just not doing them at all!
One thing i learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If want to be happy, must create it yourself.
Mission: must learn solo to the sharpest lives by mcr.
I must learn to switch off both phones when I sleep -_-
Me: Are you going to tidy the toyroom today? Small: Unlikely. (Damn it I must learn the difference between questions and requests)
Awake at last, alarm went off at 7am must learn how to reset that!
My parents need to learn that before they wake me up, a cup of tea must be next to me, bacon must be in the oven and the heating must be on
A person must learn to be contented to achieve happiness.
Father's brothers only ever come visit when there is free food or they wana cause sh!t. Causing sh!t today, B!tches must learn to be easy!
“@ihatequotes: One thing I learn about happiness: it's made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself.
God insist that we learn the right lessons of life!it may take births to learn! But no other options? Must go through training by
I must learn how to play the piano.
Winners must learn to relish change with the same enthusiasm and energy that we have resisted it in
I think i must learn how to "flirt".
If u must shout to stress a point then u're slow. Something Nigerians must learn.
Must learn to speak softer:P
There are too many tricks in this life. If you don't want to be played, you must learn how to play them.
"We must learn to get tail out" - Dhoni, oops I thought he just won a cricket World Cup & has been at the throne for past 4 yrs.
Everybody has their own insecurities; something they fear and hide. One must learn how to control themselves. To Lead, not to Follow.
to be happy, you must learn to forget.
I'm not going to wear my contacts until I learn that I MUST take them off before I sleep. I look like I just smoked 37 blunts to my face
Finally finished packing!!! Must learn to be a minimalist of never move again.
All about spreading love man!! Must learn to allow the random's!!
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
You must learn to forgive and forget without any regret and from there move on.
I really must learn that my alarm means to get up otherwise I'm running around trying not to be late.
People must learn to be more verbal... If you don't say anything, I will never know!!
"To weld ourselves into one humane society, united in its diversity, surely, we must learn to listen to & hear one another." - Thabo Mbeki
What we hope to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence..
somethings...some folks you must learn to let go
in order to move on you must learn to accept that things arent the way the used to be.
I must learn to live half alive from now on:'(
Must learn to do my right boot properly, left it in the mud this am whilst leading Eybee out, shouted "Help" and Annie came to my rescue
"To study music, we must learn the rules. To create music, we must break them." - Nadia Boulanger
i hear a voice "you must learn to stand up for yourself cause i can't always be around"
In order to be forgiven we must learn to forgive
We all must learn to dig down deep inside, trust that inner voice, and not be afraid to face and forgive ourselves. - Darren L. Johnson
People must learn of your not a stripper it is bad for .You to pick up money that somebody else has "made it rain" with... Keep your dignity
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
Now i must infiltrate that circle to learn their ways of detrrmining math, fixing vibtations, etc.
like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.
Love is like playing the violin. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart... ;)
I'm gonna learn to play the bass. it's a must.
One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others
Failure is essential for success. To succeed at a dream you must fail at it, learn from the failure, and grow.
It's OFFICIAL! I must learn how to TWERK !
Must learn not to turn off alarm and then fall back asleep again!!
I must learn to humble yourself before you can be blessed
So observant. Must learn to be like him one day. So much info you can gather by just looking at someone. Wah~
Must learn to cook ._.
Haters must learn to bear. I'm Lovie Smith with the vocals.
People must learn to take a chill pill damn! Why are you guys acting like a bunch of dickless niches
I LEARNED IN LIFE TO BE BETTER YOU MUST NOT THINK WHEN POL TELL U SHYT THEY TRYNA BE NEGATIVE YOU MUST LEARN 2 ACCEPT CRITICISM TO B BETTER
You must pretend as a student as long as you can. If you are a student in college to learn art, you must behave as an artist.
He who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Ugh okay must think of this as a test from god... I have many lessons to learn ;_;
Must learn to check my spelling before I send anything, for my last tweet I meant red bull :P
RT"@JoyceMeyer: We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions."
why must i wake up to bs at 1 in the am… mf's gone learn
We must learn to live as brothers and sisters or perish together as fools
"@JoyceMeyer: We must understand the power of thoughts in order to learn how to manage our emotions." Yes ma
Some people must learn to control themselves when their under influence ka Tshwala
If we seek to be great we must first learn to be good.
In order to speak, you must learn to listen. In order to write, you must learn to read. ~ Papa Jack
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I hate to hear a new song with a dance and i can't do it. I MUST learn it .K & M 4EVER
Congress runs a coalition govt. It must learn to respect its allies and not take them for granted.
Oops...new word to learn: conation. My conation made me assume that it must be a typo since I didn't know what it meant!
I must learn to act on what I learn. Action is important because through action I get things done.
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart. <3
I must learn to let decay fall where it may.
Feel the flame forever burn. Teaching lessons we must learn. To bring us closer to the power of the dream
Every shelf of every cabinet you must turn every page and rifle through if you wish to learn more about this school.
If you seek happiness you must be learn to be happy by yourself before you end up depending on someone else for happiness(:
A famous quote from michael jordan " you must learn how to fail before you learn how to succeed"
I must learn to save $
to learn, you must feel
Listening to You Must Learn by Boogie Down Productions.
"Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules,then you must forget the rules and play from your heart."-Unknown
Why must everything always be a competition?! .We must all learn to be happy for what others have and can do!
I must learn n grow as a man n I can't do that with u because u are not as mature as I would like my world to be
key west is 90 miles away form cuba. now i must learn how to swim, get over my fear of deep water, and make a drive to southern florida!
Democracy is not something u store away for ten yrs&in the 11th yr u wake up&start again. U must learn to rule yourself1st be consistence.
It's a must that I learn how to swim this summer..
You must learn to follow that love. Don’t ignore it. Act on it. Somebody needs what you have
If you feel like you've been going through it for long enough, your wrong. One must learn how to survive in a storm. O ly then will it pass.
“@THEILLUMlNATI: We all must learn to dig down deep inside, trust that inner voice, and not be afraid to face and forgive ourselves.”
Must learn not to leave phone unlocked. Ummmm what to say!!????
And its Azaadville loser! Learn to spell! Place where Kings n Queens come from!Shame man must b sad knowing ure man entertained me hey
"With so much pressure I can't take it. Somehow I must learn to fake it..."
When I start learning hangul im not going to think of it as not just another language but a secret language I must learn/know to communicate
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience. -Ralph Marston
Most individuals overlook one thing, before we can forgive one another, we must learn to understand one another
She's my friend and she has a lot to learn i must say myself. So just let it go. Wouldn't you want to be the better person and walk away?
Must learn to treasure EVERYTHING.
If it takes more than one mistake for you to learn something, you must be doing something wrong.
Lets not deviate from the teachings of the Rasul SAW no matter how pleasing a thing seem to us, we must continue to learn and act on d deen.
“We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”  .-Martin Luther King Jr.
i as Civil must learn-lessons not to 'rush' n 'push' thru. BILLS in haste, d FATE is before me, no Parliamentarian took it SERIOUSLY...
I must learn how to do the azonto.. This is just an embarrassment
If your life is going to take on real meaning u must learn to give and not
you must learn to love yourself before you can love anyone else
What we hope to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence
What am I on about? I write about letting go. As lawyer I must learn to delete grudges. And some judges.
In order to learn the lessons each day, one must surmount a fear.
To learn important lessons in life, each day one must subdue to fear.
In order to learn the most out of this, we must conquer a fear each day
people must learn to text better !
living in AZ its almost a must to learn Spanish
India must learn to get tail out - Dhoni
If you want to be a powerful leader, you MUST learn to serve.  Jesus was the greatest example of a leader.  He was a servant of the people.
If we plan to win basketball games, we must learn to play defense.. Including Carmelo Anthony.
You must first learn to make yourself happy before you can learn to make others happy.
Not before our eyes are open can w learn to see the light. We must come to the understand, in the middle of the night.
Japan must learn what to do now and future from 'their' history. Bad histories should not be repeated again.
to succeed you must first learn to fail
"I've heard it said that people come to our lives for a reason, bringing something we must learn and we are led to those who help us most..
loving is being sensitive. Must learn how to considering the happiness of the person you love and understand by listening.
Love is like playyin a piano. first yyou must learn to playy byy da rules, then yyou must forget the rules and playy byy yyour heart. !
before you succeed you must first learn to fail
Self discipline is a must in life, if you don't have it you need to learn it
To think Big & Speak big we must learn to get into God's word & see what God is saying about us!!!!!
Your destiny is bound with the destinies of others. You must either learn to carry the Universe or be crushed by it.
We must learn to trust what God says more than we trust our feelings and emotions. That is what it means to walk by faith and not by sight.
In Order For A Relationship To Function Properly, You Must Learn To Realize People Will Make Mistakes.
Girls must learn to be smart while in love
When you grow, sometimes you must learn to let go some of the things you love in order to succeed..
Some time ppl just don't give a fck.! We must learn how to deal with it!
“@OhGirlThoughts: Life is not a video game, we can't have an "extra life" or "try again". So we must learn to play it right.”
Its pretty fucked up that you have to learn your situation with someone on Twitter! Like really.? Ok
I have too learn to eat peaches, there so slimey ewwwwww
Before you can read me, you have to learn how to see me!
In the year of 2011 grew up to be responsible and have more patience 2012 I will learn more
The wisest people still have things yet to learn (:
When you learn to accept instead of expect, you'll surely avoid yourself from being hurt & have a fewer disappointments!!!
You have to learn the rules of the game and play better than anyone else.
The only New Years resolutions I have is to learn how to forgive & to let go of grudges...
Gonna attempt to learn how to play this video game thing but I don't have patience for this sort of thing
I have the biggest mouth eva!!!! I need to learn to keep my feelings to myself
Life is a game. We have to learn the rules of the game and then we have to play better than anyone else."
Sometimes you have to act like you don't care, that's how you boys learn
Everyone has insecurities but you have to learn to live with them .
“@EzVip: Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.”
We change for two reasons. Either we learn enough that we want to or we’ve been hurt enough that u have to.
There are something's you have to learn to let go and actually move on~ Pastor Shawn Williams  King Freaky
they're going to learn from their mistakes last year. And after all, who wouldn't want to always have a better year?
I have to learn when to stop.
You have to learn that EVERYBODY you call your friend ain't your friend .
feel sorry for those who "HAVE" to be in a relationship to be happy!! Learn to smile without a significant other :s
You have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else
Life is a game. We have to learn the rules of the game and then we have to play better than anyone else.
My nieces and nephew have a bad habit of trying to speak for others. they need to learn how to shut the fuck up.
learn to be happy with what you have why you pursue what you want.
I dont think acting would be that hard, all i would have to do is learn how to cry at will
Boy:Harry styles is gay. Me:was that supposed to be an insult? You have a lot to learn pal. Boy:what, your not getting defensive?   -LOL.
ugh I hate slow drivers but what's worse is when their driving a nice car... you have an audi! now fucking learn how to drive it
look back on 2011, where we have faced challenges, use them to learn,teach and position our lives differently from having been through it.
..some ppl have to learn for themselves.
Why have your Twitter name in Japanese if you don't speak Japanese, or can't be bothered to learn?
I have to learn to look at my analog watch instead of the digital clock on my phone
Damn, guess i have to learn
Some people need to learn the difference between TWO, TOO, and TO! They sound the same but have different meanings. (Homonym)
the hardest lessons in life are the ones you have to learn over and over again..
I would rather have just one real friend, than a group of 20 that I could never learn to trust;
This man still trying to have his cake and eat it too. Smh he aint learn yeeeeet
In the gutta. You learn to have a criminal mind.
AJ better learn pussy aint nothing to play with. The right one will have him doing what ever she want
a baby shouldn't be picked up every time they cry, idk why people think I shouldn't have kids b/c I refuse to do it lol they gotta learn
Everything For A Reason There's Things You Have to Learn
You have not because you ask not...You have not because you say not!Abraham had to learn to speak how God Speaks!Call His Will into our Life
Im livin and Im learnin.. Its ok too make a mistake but u have to learn from it.. Its ok to fall but u gotta get rite back up!! ITS LIFE
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. ~William Arthur Ward
mydream is to learn french, latin, italian, and spanish! i think i have confirmed that im an over achiver. .emotional status: content
I still have a lot to learn
Life is a game. We have to learn the rules of the game and then we have to play better than anyone else. :-)
have to learn to plan my spending. okay, maybe next month :P
In the few years I have in this life .. I've screwed up .. Alot! .But I thank God I had a chance to learn and move on ..
OOMF lied so hard on twitter earlier. But I understand she has a boo now so lying is definitely somethin she'll have to learn how to do. Lol
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
u can have him till I get back. then either u learn to share or I'm taking him. lol
2012 i will continue to find myself, theres alot I have to learn
But what do I know. I have so many mistakes to learn from, my lessons are back logged.
“@iAmorRavyT “@FlyGuyTony If you learn to be thankful for what you have, eventually you'll be blessed with more””
yo foreign ass need to learn English before yu come to America if yu gon have a attitude because I cant understand yu
You change for two reasons, either you learn enough that you want to, or you've been hurt enough that you have to.
I'm fckn fed up with my car being used by everyone! I hate to be a bitch to my brothers but oh well they have to learn!
You have to learn how to follow before you can lead.
" Life is a game. We have to learn the rules of the game and then we have to play better than anyone else."
Can't turn back the hands of time once it's too late. You have to learn to live with regrets.
Money and prices have their own goals, so do emotions and feelings. Learn not to confuse on them and your society will start to prosper.
Always nice to learn that you have respect for the wrong people.
You have to learn to follow, before you learn how to lead.
Haha trying to combine Bboying and Freestyle Soccer..pretty hard since i have to learn to freestyle with the soccer ball first!
Been shopping 3 times this week already & going tomorrow & I have no job .. Defo need to learn to save!!
So.. the Japan trip we planned should go ahead. I have limited time to learn some Japanese xD
you have to learn to follow before you can lead.
You have to learn to follow b4 you can lead! I love it
Yu Have To Learn To Follow Before Yu Can Lead
Some things aren't always going to end up like its plan but you have to learn how to love the place that your in and move on with life.
As far as I know nobody's ever bitten into an oatmeal raisin cookie, disappointed to learn it's chocolate chip but lots have done vice versa
“@theeINDIA_mArie if its a mistake i have to learn from it in the end.”
I don't go to school anymore, but I still have teachers. I learn from my friends, people I admire, people I follow on twitter.
Learn to play guitar, get fitter and stronger, get a summer job and just have a great year
Life is a game. You have to learn the rules of the game and play it better than anyone else:D
I hate old fashioned ppl...learn how to party and have fun
"Were we so different? They’re a young .species. They have much to learn. But I’ve seen .goodness in them" -Optimus Prime
I have decided, I'm not going to learn to drive. I'm going to marry a rich man who will drive me everywhere, js
Sometimes the thought of success can be scary, but we have to learn to silence that voice that tells us to hold back...
"In order to eat, you have to be hungry. In order to learn, you have to be ignorant. Ignorance is a condition of learning" Robert A Wilson
so you getting torn to pieces and all you have to say is you gon learn today... oh -_- okay learn something new everyday
I will learn how to appreciate the things I have , & pray for the bccchs that hate me .
if its a mistake i have to learn from it in the end.
My friends estalamouni today 3'alasa coz I dnt know ezay arod :S I seriously have to learn!
'Stick to the plan.' How many more times will I have to get hurt before I finally learn that lesson?
I've finally realized that I have to just learn from the past and know that change isn't always bad thing even if it hurts sometimes..
@ Do you ever have emotions or thoughts that are completely out of character for you? Learn how to clear your blockers!
Sometimes u have to learn to just not give a fuck.
We change for two reasons. Either, we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to.
And if I share my secret .You're gonna have to keep it .Nobody else can see this .So watch and learn .I won't show you twice
I have much to learn. Today is over! gn
you have to learn from them mistakes and make the best of it
Once you learn to control your emotions thats when you have the upper hand
I have to learn to do a lot of stuff better than I am use to .
You guys need to learn that when someone is standing before you, you have to treat that person with respect
I Still Have To Learn To Let Stuff Roll Off My Back
I just have to learn that people are not me so they won't act like me. This is hard.
Just have to learn from your mistakes...its apart of life
You just have to learn to forget about the people who forgot about you.
I swear I have to have a 'major clear out/tidy up' of my room every 2 months... Need to learn the secret art of non-clutter.
I have got to learn when something isn't worth fighting for anymore . I be passionate about shit though lol
You have to learn to appriciate for what you have in your life that others would kill to have in their.
I have to learn to accept that I can't change everything..
For the things we have to learn before we can do, we learn by doing. Aristotle
The hardest lessons in life are the ones you have to learn over and over again
I stop trying I have come to learn that you are gon do what you want
oh how do I say happy new year in your language? I have a day to learn :)
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer disappointments.
Being hurt by someone you love doesn't mean you have to stop loving, its one way for you to learn not to give up and keep loving.
When we realize we all have sin, we learn to extend grace to others
“@Mayy_Rahh9: Never been so hurt! And by my mom too ”moms tend to do that but you have to learn to ignore them cuz they don't realize what
iv learn you have to earn to be someone bestfriend
America would maybe have to learn old Indian traditions where women were held in high esteem as leaders without the scalping of course
I have to admit I learn alot this year and I matured even more
I can be saved when it calls for it and I can live the single life when I have to. Yall sad broads needa learn to do the same. Shift gears.
I have a funny feeling Aya wants to learn how to dance -smirk-
Learn to appreciate what you have before time makes you appreciate what you had.
We have to learn from old people. Make sure not to make their mistakes.
Life is a process. You can't get the best of it w/ out getting the worst. So you have to learn, love, and live.
In the end Hastings would be more effective than any FA they could have brought in. Has had plenty of time to learn the Playbook & the Off.
Once ur married u have to learn to put ur family FIRST hands down. Friends come last.
Would you like to have a copy of our life-changing "Wonder" Production on DVD? Click here to watch a preview and learn more!...
I guess that's one of the advantages of being God...He don't have to explain WHY. We have to learn to be satisfied with His silence
Warning always comes before destruction, u just have to learn to look for the signs
Why do people have to be so sensitive about my choice of vocabulary? Gotta learn to lighten about about some things and not be so serious.
What the hell? Bitch learn how to walk in those heels that are too big! You look like you have a stick in your ass!
You hold v important info, do you tell the person or sit + watch them ruin their lives?!! We have to learn from our own bullshit right!
"When you learn to accept instead of expect, you’ll have fewer disappointments"
I forget tht Im only 20 & tht I am not yet full grown. I have plenty of time to learn & grow. I dnt have to know everything right now
I wished Jesus lived in my time. So many things I would have liked to learn from him. People in the past took him for granted.
You have to learn from your past and focus on the present, to have a better future.
When people had Swine Flu, everyone wanted to wear a mask. A million people have AIDS & nobody wants to wear a condom. *People never learn
And when I get these extra bass headphones, I'm definitely goin' have to learn sign language. Knock on wood.
U have to make mistakes in order to learn from em
might learn how to make carrot sticks and humus dip myself so i can take it to college and not have to walk all the way to marks&spencers
As you grow, u learn that some ppl you can't hold on to, u have to let them go
There are some things I will just have to learn to deal with
We got another win and there is lots to learn from it. Have to continue to get better. . . Hope everyone has a safe New Years Eve. Go Dawgs!
“#Cancer's have to learn how to reach an emotional balance since they tend to be overly sensitive and moody.” I'm tryna find a balance...
I wouldn't have to manage my anger, if people could learn to manage their stupidity.
Ladys you dont have to be hard all the time men dont like women that act like hood racks learn to be gential and more a lady
“@FlyGuyTony: If you learn to be thankful for what you have, eventually you'll be blessed with more”
You just have to learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
Life's so weird, like if you think about it really, we have to experience things to learn from them and once we have the knowledge we die!
Friendship is Something Special any person can have. You learn to love & communicate and you feel special yourself... !
Either you learn enough that you want to or you have been hurt enough that you have to
Okay, I'll stay at home trying to learn how be a housewife u- u. The next week i'm gonna start to work so, I have these days to learn some
You wont always get what you want but that is how u learn not to be selfish in the end you will see that u might not have needed what u want
It's scary how things can happen so suddenly. I guess that's why we call it life. We have to learn how to handle it, & learn from it.
Yew have got to go to school and learn how much I     L O V E   Y E W
i learn from my mistakes i have made and i refuse to do it again
Mom: 'what's the difference between a podcast and a blog?' oh mom. You have so much to learn.
If you learn to be thankful for what you have, eventually you'll be blessed with more
We all have that one friend who needs to learn how to whisper.
If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else
Learn to love what you have
Hello!  .So Calabarte is now on Twitter too :-)  .Nice to see 8 followers before my first Tweet. .I will have to learn a little how it works
Sometimes you have to learn how to put yourself first
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
If you think about it the reason they fall in love is bc baby has to learn how to dance to fill in for penny so she can have an abortion...
I wouldn't have to manage my anger… If people could learn to manage their stupidity!!!
Im not afraid to admit I still have lots to learn
I guess dude want me to chase him... Bofl... He really don't have an idea of who he's dealing with!! He's gon learn today!
It's either my barber learns English it I have to learn Spanish..... Where's my rossetta stone?!
Once you have been hurt enough, you learn to disconnect with your emotions. You can't hurt those who don't feel!
You have to learn and make mistakes to be the man
If people didn't make mistakes you wouldn't have anything to learn from
what i want in 2012 is just joy, peace, to continue to learn about my self, have a stronger relationship with God. nothing much :)
If you have to do it every day, for God's sake learn to do it well.
ok, its A LOT to learn about EXPOSITORY writing but i have got to get my head out this book for a second!
I hate when people change their twitter icons! I have to learn the pictures all over again!
2011, you have been great. A couple of breakthroughs and falls, I wish to learn even more in 2012.
fucking asshole. i have no fucking respect for you anymore. learn to stick up for yourself you fucking dick.
Do u have to make same mistake 100 times b4 u learn!#somebodyprayforme
I have a horrible habit of biting my lips till they bleed ._. I should learn to stop it :')
we could learn from crayons some r sharp some pretty some dull others bright some have weird names but they all have learned to live 2gether
New iPhone! I have so much to learn. :)
just now on Omegle: You: "Vas Happenin?!" Stranger: "Learn English. And we can have an actual conversaion" look who needs to learn.........
I really just want to learn how to play 'In The Mourning'. INTERNET; Y U HAVE TO BE OFF?!
I have the worst road rage ever, I seriously dnt know how ppl got thier liscense! Learn how to drive!
A guy came up to me and said "Say girl what yo name is can I have yo nunba?!" I said come back when you learn how too actualy talk to a girl
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down, so you can learn how to live, right side up
c nigga's is askin for  that bilingual ish, i may have to learn spanish
It's a difference between a provider and a parent, learn that from not having a father in my life...sometime you have to make sacrifices
I want to learn how to make them Japanese paper swans. BUT WE HAVE NO PAPER. IN THE ENTIRE HOUSE. WTF?!
I don't have an issue with my weight but some guys need to learn don't ever comment about a girls size they get sensitive about it
You can't always change a person, sometimes you just have to learn to accept them as they are.
People change for two reasons. Either, they learn enough that they want to or they've been hurt enough to have to.
You have to learn how to decipher real shxt , from Bullshxt.
That moment when ur internet crashes n u have to learn how to tweet from ur phone.
You cannot learn meditation from a book. You just have to meditate.  .- Thomas Merton .Something true about other things as well.
In 2012 I want us to learn from our experiences and from the wisdom our elders have acquired through their experiences
I always have to learn the hard way
«@iiFeeLike You may think you know me but you still have a lot to learn.»
Sometimes you have to realize the problem and learn to move on.
and even if all you have is yourself, learn to love it. its fine (:
SupergirlZorEl Kar, you have a bit to learn. Men are not dating material if they proclaim themselves
I am almost afraid to spend any time on Linked-in anymore as each time I visit, I learn of more and more friends who have lost their jobs
KMike and I have watched 3 accidents in the same spot since 2pm. Seriously Gaines Township, learn to drive.
You may think you know me but you still have a lot to learn.
You change for two reasons. Either you learn enough that you want to or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.
Frat boys: I have wanted to say this for a while... Bow ties make you look like children. Learn how to wear them before leaving your house.
"Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen." .— John Steinbeck
My experiences have taught me a lot and I'm happy with my learnings, if not with what I went through to learn
Everybody can teach somebody something,u have to be willing to listen and learn
I have to learn to play poker too.
i have to learn how to accept things that cant changee .
They too old for that. Ya child put their self in the position so let them work it out on their own! I mean they have to learn some time.
Sometimes we have to learn that we are not meant to do all in life. God has planned the ways for us in life,and if you are in His will GOOD!
All everyone wants to do is blow ever dollar they have like learn how to save up
You have to learn to follow before you can lead.
You have a lot to learn.
My new years resolution is to learn to play Oasis - Wonderwall. Should have learnt to play guitar years ago i love it!
People will have to learn the hard way
Just because somebody can sing amazingly , doesn't mean they have good music! I've come to learn thixM1
"We've all heard that we have to learn from our mistakes, but I think it's more important to learn from successes.
OMG I have to learn to type again
I guess Sim!Cas has to become the cook now since he doesn't have a job so has time to learn while he writes his novel
as black children who grow up in the suburbs there comes a time where you have to learn white aint always right..
yikes...what have i done? joined twitter...one more thing to learn & keep up with...
Have this sudden urge to try and learn how to play the ukulele.
Have no idea how imma have a cake session tonight with 8 plus kids in here. Smh...oh they gone learn how to be quiet tonight... Bet that
Cheers to the freaking weekend/ I drink to that. Let's have fun tonight BFF ms_black_diva. Oh u gonna learn today. lls.
Inari pockets topped with spicy crab salad? Going to have to learn how to make these. Who knew I'd find something that awesome at a buffet??
RT "@InspireBookClub: There’s really only one way to learn how to do something: You have to do it."
I have to learn who I should distance myself from, and who I shouldn't. I've been getting them backwards lately.
Stop pushing people away you have to learn to trust people
“@InspireBookClub: There’s really only one way to learn how to do something:  You have to do it." that is soooooooo true x
Learn to apperciate what you have. Cause other kids in the world dont have anything.
I rather watch a dude play Call of Duty then 2K! Until I learn how to aim right on Call of Duty then I won't have to watch I can play...
S'fucking cold. Mind you I don't have a shirt on. But. It's either I go cold or learn to use the washing machine. And those things are hard!
We all have wants and needs I'm life but we have to learn to know when to be realistic and when to step out on faith.
But that's okay, everybody makes mistakes..you just have to learn from them and not make the same ones
People need to look at, talk to,& learn from old couples who've been married, have kids, been together for ever, & STILL do things TOGETHER!
learn to appreciate what you HAVE before time makes you appreciate what you HAD ..
I got my license first gonna have my car first already had a apartment and a job i'm in a university you can hate but I advise u to learn
Sometimes you can't get rid of your fears, you just have to learn to live with them.
we have to learn how to be ourselves without losing each other.
Ini boong bgt deh, jelas2 td malem ngorok+ngiler! "@AminaturER: I think i have ro learn how-to-sleep . Haven't sleep since about 11 pm ._."
I have learnt from other ppl's mistakes and have tried to improve them but y can't I make my own to learn from and for other to learn too :S
You change for a reason: either you learn enough that you want to, or you've been hurt enough that you have to.
"@mr_leadership: When We Talk, We Only Learn What We Already Know; When We Listen, We Have A Chance To Learn Something New. ~ Manny Steil":-
We should learn to have open communication w our elders for them to hear other ideas or opinions but never argue w their beliefs!
There’s really only one way to learn how to do something: You have to do it
maybe one day teenage girls can learn to have some class.
There’s really only one way to learn how to do something: You have to do it.
I have about 26 hours to learn to walk in heels.... or settle for wearing flip-flops with an exceptionally nice (by my standards) outfit.
Sometimes you just have to learn to let go.
Things I have learnt this year:to be myself,to try and learn from my mistakes,everyone makes mistakes and says stuff they dont mean to say
I resolve this year to be fabulous healthy wiser thinner fitter; I will fall madly in love learn to swim travel have a baby and stop lying.
you have to learn to respect yourself before you expect others to respect you.
In life, there are many moments that we have to LEARN TO LET GO. LET US celebrate ENDINGS, because they precede NEW BEGINNINGS! - 2012 !
"@_GodsGift__: If I wanna go to that makeup school I'm going to have to learn french :/"@RacckCityBitchh and I can helop you:)
Some people have to learn
Life is just 1 big game, all you have to do is learn to win.
I'll say it again, if you cry about the mormons here, you have a lot to learn. You think Utah is any different than anywhere else, it isn't.
It doesnt mean you have to unfriend me because I'm a Belieber and you are not. Learn to respect your
Parent: What did you learn today? Kid: Apparently not enough! We have to go back tomorrow!
I really dont have a New Years resolution. I guess i'll learn how to trust. Try to stop cursing so much. Eat healthier. Have more sex =)
To live you have to learn to love
WHO do you listen to?  Listen to people that HAVE what you want, follow what they do, volunteer to work for free for them, be open to learn!
I'm not doing nothing for anyone else! Every time I do I get a slap in the face!  ! I have to learn to say NO.
on dogs the tlks i have w. my bro thomas are deep i learn alot espically when it comes to relationshmKE
some people will just have to learn the hard way
When I have nothing to do, and I'm by myself, I learn how to do new things. Today I learned how to make a fishtail braid. <><><><><><
why do i have to learn 4 languages btw? --'
Marriages have problems everywhere. some people learn to live with them, others choose to provoke them.
I'm so nice I let 3 girls Boroe my Halloween customes n tell me if any of them have hit me up to return them ? I need to learn how to say no
Made the smartest & stupidest decision awhile ago. I bought a hat and scarf knitting kit. Great idea, but now I have to learn to knit again.
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer disappointments
New Years Resolution: Learn How To Cripwalk...and have not One Soul Angry With M
You don't have to learn how to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you.
Made mistakes this year im sure there will be more next year will have to learn from them
Some times you have to fall to grow stronger. Some times you have to have your heart broken to learn how to love again
That's myy friend and I told her if I was you , that nigga would of been done , str8 up ! But she is gona have to learn on her own .
Does that even make sense to you!?  Now you got kids and they have to learn how to love from your deficient arse?!
We've all been set up to be disappointed...you have to crawl before you learn to fly
Same for people who abuse children, don't have them. Learn to suck dick or take it in the ass so you won't have them.
"There’s really only one way to learn how to do something:  You have to do it." (via  InspireBookClub)
learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
love how my brothers all jelous cause i have the mw3 xbox now all i have to do is learn to play the game lmao keep shooting the wrong people
Omg the hassle u have with having to learn how to type and use a all touch screen android omfg grr
Eventually you learn not to have expectations
All I have to do now is keep my job beyond Easter and learn to not give a fuck and I'll be fine. New Years Eve beckons.
I remember the same woman saying women who want to be independent need to learn how to still be a woman for a man and not have egos like one
Sometimes you have to hold your head up high, blink away the tears, and learn how to say goodbye.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world
When you learn to accept instead of expect, you'll surely avoid yourself from being hurt & have a fewer disappointments.
Being hurt by someone you love doesn't mean you have to stop loving, its one way for you to learn not to give up and keep loving. !!
Not a new years resolution but I have to stop being so nice, learn how to say no, and stop being a push overrr
Some people always have to learn the hard way...making their lives harder than what they should be like.
I think i have ro learn how-to-sleep . Haven't sleep since about 11 pm ._.
How can I learn if I always have to follow everything you think is right? Can I not decide on my own? :(
Have you followed a MUA on Twitter from another country?  LEARN to be receptive and BE INSPIRED by MUA's around the world.
You want get what you want until you learn to be grateful for what you already have!
Awkward moment when you're trying to learn a kpop dance and you forget you have a sofa... and you land on your butt OTL
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. William Arthur Ward
I have to learn, have to try, have to trust I have to cry. I have to see, have to know, that I can be myself.
I still have so much to learn from life.
I've finally realized that I have to just learn from the past and know that change isn't always bad thing even if it hurts sometimes.
If I wanna go to that makeup school I'm going to have to learn french :/
We change for two reasons. Either we learn enough that we want to or we’ve been hurt enough that u have to."
in 2011 i ave finally learn to trust ppl nd i have realize that their r ppl who ave my best interest in mind sooo thank u ^_^
Have to learn how to use ubersocial on new androoid phone
'You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else' ~AlbertHJ3n4b
A hard head, makes a soft ass. My mother use to say that ish but it's true. Some just have to learn on their own. Even when they were warned
Never again will I let a bitch play me , had to learn once to find out that bitch was crazy , straped up neva let em have my baby
Made Many Bad Decisions This Year That I Have To Live With And Learn From...
You really have to Learn!
I appreciate when I learn what a song/album is about for that artist. I automatically have to listen again to appreciate the words.
Lmao did I say I have to learn how to stop shouting my thoughts out loud :(
And that's my thoughts I want to share with ya'll right now. Really do like the interactions I have with you guys, I learn a lot.
A poisonous attitude is one that fails to acknowledge that we always have more to learn
U live and u learn...its life. So who is anyone to judge the next person? Cuz I know I have no space to judge no one afta 2011!
As sad as it is, some times you just have to let people learn the hard way. You never know when it might be to late to say good bye.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
I Luv That I Have The Ability To Learn Something New Everyday. No Ones Perfect, But Shit, A Nigga Tryin. Ya Feel Me?
When you learn to accept instead of expect, you'll surely avoid yourself from being hurt & have a fewer disappointments."
One day you will learn to love me. One day you will thank me, you’ll see. If I can’t have you, no one can.
You only have to go through something multiple times, only if you didn't learn from it the first time.
«@slym1212 U have to Learn to jus relax and laugh sometimes»
To love a person is to learn that song in there heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten =)
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept and things we don't want to know but have to learn.
I have decided to stop pronouncing my name as (Ferrah) to make it easier for  americans to pronounce. Most of us arabs learn english (1/2)
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and to sing it to them when they have forgotten~Thomas Chandler
So, you were a hoe in Catholic School, then you "learn your lesson," but continue to be a hoe at Ryken? You have problems.
In life , you have to learn to say 'no' once in a while
if u have a thyng for me..try to befriend me first..give me a chance to learn what ur all about..
I'm not a perfect mother. But I'm pretty good at it. I have a lot to learn. But I know a lot too. And I work to get better.
I absolutely hate it when people have bad grammar. Learn to speak proper english please.
I have to learn patience
rt@Scorpiobornbria  .Some ppl have to learn the hard way and sometimes thats not even enough
Everything does happen for a reason. God gave me the family I have to learn.
Oh lord, when am I going to learn not to party when I have a morning hair appointment.  I love my hair dresser. So busy oh here!!!!
Its been two years, but thanks to my brother and some of his buds I've finally gotten an 85, haha. Now I have to actually learn how to play.
I've noticed that every year I've changed and I've gotten to realize I still have a lot to learn.
Some people have to learn.
. takes you to lose something to learn something..if you aint learnin you really shouldnt have put yourself in that predicament
What can I say there's still so much have yet to learn of each other.
I may have to learn the metric system.  Quel horreur!
We Gottahh Learn To Respect Our Women But They First Have To Learn To Respect Themselves !
somehow i am itching to start work on my list of stuff, I guess I have to learn to enjoy these precious few end of year "down time” days.
i have to learn to spend my money wisely, its like i cant walk in any store without buying some shxt i dont need.
"@QuoteAGirl: We change for two reasons. Either, we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to."
People who have nice cars need to learn how to drive them. And btw use all 3 lanes ppl. That's why they are there
We live and we learn and we choose what to do with what we have learned.
You have to live to learn...
girls my age honestly need to learn to keep their legs shut and have some respect for themselves actually disgusts me !
John Steinbeck~ Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them and pretty soon you have a dozen.
I guess I'm coming to Cali every other weekend till he's better. There goes my grades and choir. Have to learn that family is more important
I have an electric guitar sitting in my basement, I want to learn how to play it, but I don't even know how to turn it on...
I ain't going out half-naked just for attention, cause I have SELF-RESPECT. Girls need to learn they don't needa look trashy for a guy.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child??#justasking
Thay have like the worst music in this place... They should learn how to Bieberblast!! Thank God i have good music on my phone :)
Don't have to learn from my mistake but one time!!!
you don't always have to make the mistakes yourself to learn from them
People have high expecations for high schoolers. They expect us to learn from their mistakes
You have to learn to take opportunities when they present themselves. Everyone wants the chance after they've lost it...
“@Freddie_UK “@WhoseKennedy We change for two reasons. Either, we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to.””
I think its weird that you have to pay for education, especially when you learn more from real life experiences anyway.
Dont give them no more chances oh girl theyve had their turn . Everything hapens for a reason theres things you have to learn .
To teach you have to learn, to learn you have to experience to experience you have feel the hurt and joy.... biggest accomplshment is love
people have alot to learn bout the game of life. stupid
Omg one of my last years new years resolutions was to learn to play drums...or at least have lessons.. Well that failed:-(
"During the past five years, I've learned that time flies faster than you think, and because you only live once you have to learn from...
Just have to learn to luv in forget!
If I'd known earlier in life I possess the aptitude to learn/be anything I want, I would have skipped school and became a full-fledged ninja
I have to learn to follow my first instincts.
Some of us learn from d mistakes of odas; d rest of us have to be d odas.
Bought myself a little inexpensive present; learn-to-watercolor kit from Amazon.  I have zero artistic ability, so hope I can figure it out!
How many times do you have to endure it before you learn the lession ?
I have to learn not to let idiocity & foolishness get to me smh
I want to learn how to play the guitar and the piano, if they have these classes for high school I'm defiantly taking them haha
Forget chasing celebrity - Learn to celebrate what you have been blessed with instead
God gives the best advice, i just have to learn to listen
Learn to love what you have before thet time teach you to love what you had.
sometimes you have to learn shit the hard way, its all apart of life lessons.
People have to learn how to be alone
I'm going to be the same person in 2012, I'm just going to have to learn from the mistakes I made in 2011.
RT"@B_L3A: I've learned from a lot of things in 2011 but I know 2012 will have more things to learn from so I'm preparing myself."
we are able to do far more then we even know, we limit our selfs buy thinking it cant be done, or no way to do it, i have learn if u can
I'm try learn how to use twitter :-) have a good weekend and Happy New Years!
So I have a feeling my permit is going to expire before I even learn to drive. /:
I have no 2011 regrets. I believe everything happens for a reason, so I just count my blessings that Im able to learn from my mistakes :)
I've learned from a lot of things in 2011 but I know 2012 will have more things to learn from so I'm preparing myself.
omg why did we have to learn about ireland and then have an exam on it :(
I have to teach em something so they can learn and if I allow them to remain ignorant the tables will never turn.
people need to learn how to drive. & keep in mind all of you, i have NO brakes and NO power steering. i advise you to stay out of my way. (:
We all have obligations. That's why we learn how to plan. So we won't be victims to our own apathy.
Before anyone can truly accept you, you'll have to learn to accept yourself.
And to learn to spell "purchase". "@Penusferatu:  do you have a new years resolution? Mine is to PURCHACE Resolution."
I have to learn to stop arguing with small minded people.
My new years resolution is to learn how to shut the fuck up because I have a smart ass mouth .
I hate waiting on ppl. I really need to learn to have patience.
Some people you just have to let them learn on their own
Happy New Year guys! Hope 2012 brings the best to me and you! Have a good year! And don't make the mistakes you did in 2011. Learn from them
People think cheap is bad.. You have to learn to budget your spending to afford the things you NEED not WANT. Only splurge on occasions.
when you do something nice for me for a change I'll do favors. until you can learn to talk to me like i have feelings i won't be doin shit
My ugly ass never have cashhhhh -_____- I'm gong to learn my lesson
We change for two reasons.. Either we learn enough that we want to, or we’ve been hurt enough that we have to.!
Learn to drive, get a job, get a girlfriend, have children, follow fashion, watch TV, obey the law. Now repeat after me: "I am free".
"@girlposts: Life is a game. We have to learn the rules of the game and then we have to play better than anyone else."
We need to learn to love coz love is the only hope that we have
learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had...
Is Food Separation The Best Way to Lose Weight?: I have tried this for a while, but need to learn to do it at least 90% .	The method i...
i am only human and cant do everything at once, i also have a novel to write, a keyboard (instrument) to learn and pets to take care of
We have to learn the lesson play with a high tempo and we will beat Swansea let them outrun us and we suffer a shock through TUT like LFC
I shop entirely too much!!! I have to learn to control myself! Lol
I don't know if I'll ever get over you.. But I have to learn how to live without you..
my aim in 2012 is not to have a 'fresh start' or 'a long relationship' - it's to learn how to play the guitar because I find them cool..
I hate when people have their phones on auto correct, no  learn to type on your own.. it's making no sense.
"@InspireBookClub: There’s really only one way to learn how to do something:  You have to do it."
You have to live and learn so you can learn to live
So excited to get my keyboard tomorrow, . .Theres one of my ambitions started. Now all I have to do is learn it..
Friccck, just sliced three finger tips while cooking supper. Now have to learn to masturbate with left hand tonight. So much work.
"he wasn't made for words and he can never say what he really wants, and he'll just have to learn to live with that."
my mother keep sayin you gotta learn how to have patience, well i dont so stop talkn to me.
“You change for two reasons. Either you learn enough that you want to or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.”
To love a person is to learn that song in there heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten
life is not about waiting for the storm to pass over; .its about learning to 'dance in the rain'!
This year God wanted me to know that stress is on the shoulders of those that either look for it or require it for their learning curve...
History2 is showing Armageddon Week. Total nerd for this crap. Just spent 2 hrs learning about the "little ice age"
2011 is definitely not my year for academic thingy (nangis inget UAS) but it's more to be year of life lesson and self-learning.
I guess that's what I get for learning ethics from a superhero. I just can't stay hip with the times.
Each day of your life is a workshop, rich with opportunities for learning, evolving and re-discovering
Learning that people befriend you for the most devilish reasons
Well g`night all gonna get off her busy day tomorrow. Frosty dog will be home with us for part of Sunday learning about houses.
It looks like 2011 was the year of learning about oneself. I know it was for me
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, but learning how to dance in the rain..
Algebra 2 is easier than I thought... Or so for a freshman learning it [:
Life isn't waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain:)
Learning how to adapt when something I cherish is gone has been a hard thing for me to do
CLiC helps the community by creating a safe and supportive working environment for people with physical and learning difficulties.
2011 has been a huge learning curve for me
Teaching my mom to use her new iPod touch remotely has been a learning experience for both. She has FaceTime down. Working on Messaging.
For me 2011 will be remembered as the year of Learning, 2012 will be the year of Control xXx
I hope they use this as not only a learning experience for their other employees, but also for this one employee
I don't know who I am...but life is for learning
I am learning to use twitter..........Need a book "How to Tweet for Dummies"#Dumb
I'm thankful for the time God gave me even though he couldn't make it last. I'm learning how to live without you even though I don't want to
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating!
“@SiMPly_DEMETRiA 2011 was definitely a learning experience for me :)”
Registered for a Flamenco intensive workshop... 4 weeks learning to fight my duende... Excited :)
TY for those who I met, kept & deleted within 2011. The things that happened this yr were learning lessons. Seeking my many blessings.
We think learning to sew would be a awesome goal for anyone in 2012.
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass by, its about learning to dance in the rain.
Your ancestors are rolling over in their graves. They were beaten for learning to read and you fuckers won't even pick up a book.
Life is not about waitiing for the storm to finish, is about learning  to dance under the rain
"LEARNING TO TRUST YOURSELF MEANS DOING WHAT YOU FEEL IS RIGHT FOR YOU, EVEN WHEN WHATS RIGHT FOR YOU MAKE OTHERS MAD." Antonia Carter
Middle school aged boy looks like he's learning how to put his arm around a girl for the first time. Cute. Reminds me of me three weeks ago.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to DANCE IN THE RAIN.
Daddy's talking to me about considering learning ASL. I've always kinda wanted to... Hopefully JJC has a summer course for it... Hmm.
Thanks hemet valley medical center for the demographic of old people. Its a great learning experience with the old/rolling/delicate veins!
guess its time for me to start tweeting, had an acount for ages just learning how to use it
You might regret it all, but I on the other hand thank you for the experience. Everything is a lesson. Learning equals growing.
Any suggestions for software for learning French? Rosetta Stone is out of my price range!
Learning to just distance myself from drama && trouble;; for the sake of them though ;)
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass.. It's about learning to dance in the rain! <3
Euripides~ Whoso neglects learning in his youth Loses the past and is dead for the future.
Starting over requires endless learning of setting boundaries, gathering boldness, and standing up for myself. No, I won't be stepped on.
Cokking for my babies and learning about my new laptop.....Can anybody say HAMBURGERS AND FRIES..
Learning to deal with problems is a skill all couples need to learn for a successful LOVE Relationship.
Refused my New Year Honour after learning I couldn't trade it in for the cash equivalent.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , its about learning to dance in the rain
2011 full of memories. All of these things for learning so that i could be better than before.
2011 was definitely a learning experience for me :)
Growing up is about changing and finding yourself, I'm not afraid to live and make mistakes. Lifes meant for learning, not being scared.
Sometimes learning the hard way is best for you
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
2011 was a learning year for me, so much to take in..
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's learning to dance in the rain.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Quote for 2011-Failure is just another way of learning lessons we needed 2 learn- “Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.”—Zig Ziglar
People keep on going over the Scriptures, over and over and over for ever learning and NEVER coming to the knowledge of the TRUTH.
No one should be scared to say their opinions either way people will either hate you or love you for it, Its learning to ignore the hate
“@Gwala_DaGreat Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's learning to dance in the rain.”
Aeschylus~ Learning is ever in the freshness of its youth even for the old.
Shopping for flats with my daughter.  Hell they all look the same.  I'm learning or getting better  @ being patient. Single Dad #  priceless
Learning the language of the Quran for the love of the Quran.....
Pondering mini-hobbies to futz about with for 2012. Didn't expect canning, but that was fun. Maybe re-learning to code... it's been a while.
Learning my lesson for all the mistakes I made in 2011
2011 was really a learning experience for me I learned so much about myself and others.
Yesterday is history and tomorow is mistery, learning everything from yesterday preparing everything for tomorow and let's start new things
I wish my dad did that for me.... But I'm learning tha game on my own..
I believe Skype is completely underutilized vis a vis its potential for education and language learning. Plan is to explore it in 2012.
I look back at 2011 and I took some losses but was blessed in so many ways a great learning experience and I'm amped for 2012
I had always felt like I was neva gud enuff for dis girl...that's y we didn't wrk..but after learning what i learned recently it makes sense
"Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, its about learning how to dance in the rain"
Rabbinical Saying~ Dont limit a child to your own learning for he was born in another time.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship -- Louisa May Alcott
Life is all about growing and learning 2012 mistakes and wrong moves are for the weak minded Launch Up
I feel like learning how to play the acoustic guitar will calm my roaming thoughts..... saving money for it :-)
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain <3
Something new I'm learning for 2012... Worry bout me first and foremost
Man 2011 has been full of realizations for me. I regret nothing as always. Its all a learning experience
We all make mistakes in life. We all have secrets we hide. But as one moves on with a smile, there is no times for regret. still learning<3
This was a learning experience for me
“The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.”  .― Baruch Spinoza
I have in the past few minutes come to the conclusion that all we are, is a display for God. (After learning the Earth' speed round the sun)
Learning to quarterback, n training for the Olympics (martial arts) is hell on my body! Even my dang SKIN hurts! Lol  No pain, no gain PUNK!
I thank God for the opportunity and learning experience!
2011 was a year of learning for me and even on this last day of the year i'm still learning my last lesson for this year.
its all about learning how she grades*~*~ and what she looks for in your answers. and actually trying to learn
Learning how to eat without meat. Its definitely a challenge but its for my benefit. Aint no way I'm giving up bacon tho!!!
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass...it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
People who complain about bus journeys should take their shit experience as punishment for not learning how to drive
And so there I was learning a new hobby, playing virtuso piano on my iPad... .Hopefully,complete a song play for you...
*waits for Jose to come in being like YEAH NIGGA NOW YOU ARE LEARNING*
Life Isn't About Waiting For The Storm To Pass , Its About Learning How To Dance In The Rain .
Coaching for self-discovery results in deeper and lasting learning and understanding. Telling often lasts only for the moment.
I give it away and now i am so tired, there's nothing more left fight.. i've been learning to change [TWO LIVES WORTH FOR RECKONIN] (8)
Again, DFW's essays are so good, so brilliant. They are the best learning material for me now, along w/ those 'The Millions' essays.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time. Tagore
Eventually people will realize that mistakes are meant for learning not repeating.
It's coming down to another year so much to be thankful for even the ups and downs your always learning .Now for the next chapter
*chuckles*  I tried learning it for the diner's chef, since he barely knows equestrian.  I failed miserably
Sooooo who wants to do my 100 question castle learning for chem?! Anyone...?
UC Has to Plan For the World That Is: That also means learning to save for those months when all of your opportunities tank simultane...
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's learning to dance in the rain
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
I highly recommened it for anyone just learning how to sew
We're learning about Rainbow on GazziliWords — this is a must for Preschoolers!bhj
Learning how to use my new XBOX/Kinect that my son, daughter, and daughter-in-law gave me for Christmas.
2011 was for sure one of my bad years, but a wonderful learning experience.
Sometimes learning to let go is the best thing you can do for urself
Reading the latest in the 39 Clues series - series 2, book 2 - A King's Ransom. Good books for my students to read...learning while reading!
Getting a coupon for free cinnamon sticks from Pizza Hut but learning the only Pizza Hut around here doesn't accept that coupon. <<<<<<<<
BTW, when you don't have much energy for writing a 400-word piece. Type 400-words from your favorite piece. It's a good learning indeed.
2011 has been a busy for me... have learnt so much in so many aspects of my life, hope 2012 brings me more learning and more challenges
I'm ready for the semester to start I feel like learning
Innovative learning: New Tech High prepares students for future
2011 was a learning year for me, never underistimate life cause at any point it could be gone. Live life to the fullest with no regrets.
all story's of the Bible are for learning each have a virtue to be taught. each one teaching us the ways of the creator. but still all those
I have loved 2011. Been a fantastic year for me. Looking forward to learning more and working on bigger productions.
2012 will be the year for focusing on my health, setting up a home with my love and learning how to balance work and play.
LEARNING...that when u look for something you not going to find it,but when u just open up and b ursuG5Nz
Quote of the Day: I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship. .- Louisa May Alcott
2011 was a learning and growing year for me I guess...I've really grown as a young woman and for that I am thankful.
Be careful what you wish for. Im learning my lesson.
wouldn't say i had a bad year, went to florida for cheer worlds, ayia napa with my bestaaa, turned 17 and started learning to drive :))
Completely avoiding something you like. Then that thing still controls you. Learning to take responsibility for that things thats discipline
When it comes to living gluten free...do you have any goals for 2012? Mines kinda boring, lol, to just keep learning as much as I can.
I've read several scholarly definitions of "blended learning" today. Now I have an inexplicable craving for a smoothie.
Stop looking for short cuts and travel the distance. Life is a learning course, make sure you don't miss a lesson.
Learning to appreciate the simple things Make for a happier life!
"life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain."
How dull is sick certification e-learning? Why can't I just sign everyone off indefinitely?? Apparently work is good for your health...
going to get my nails done wiiff brittany brown and ears pierced haha for the 100th time learning new tuts haha((: i am free<3
The only resolution that worked for me, is learning to and let things go, and move on.. That was 5 years ago..
eww when i was learning to drive my dad would always tell me shit about speeding but apparently not for my brother.
Okay, time for a break  from all this 3D (re)learning. Maybe I'll go read or something for a bit.
Learning this Smokie Norful song for church tomorrow...
Gods divine connections surround me. So many MATURE women of God to take notes to intercede with and for me. I am learning the correct way!
Goal for the new year?  Be fearless, keep learning and keep moving forward!!
There is an art to learning when to shut up BUT remember that you have the excuse of youth for a short period- use it. ;)
Don't blame the kids for learning what they're taught
I think Lampard & Gerrard learning that they can come off the bench to change a game can only be a good thing for England next summer
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain."
Abigail Adams~ Learning is not attained by chance it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass its about learning to dance in the rain
Learning auld lang syne with dev for tomorrow! Haha guna know the words this year
Spending the night learning iOS development whilst sick. In my mind one of my first projects from 2004 is perfect for touch controls.
Learning to accept things for what they are.
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
Thank u god for 2012 and my ferenns and family thank u for the talents uhave given me and my flaws u gave me i am learning from them everyda
Prayin 2012 is a great year for me 2011 was def a learning experience progression is all I'm worried about
I'm learning way more about armpits than I ever really wanted to for this . . .
I'm learning for my auto theory, it's such a boring boook!
Apparently, i'm goin' to tulsa, ok for the next 3-4 days... why am I just now learning,this?
LIFE isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... it's learning to dance in the rain
Life isn't abt waitin for d storm to pass,its abt learning to dance in d rain
Thank you everyone for making 2011 a wonderful year of learning, great shoots, new visions, new places, and finally a new home.
My goals for 2012 include getting back into yoga, running again and learning to drink bourbon like a champ.
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to be over, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain.”~Author Unknown
life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass, its about learning how to dance in the rain.
Iam learning to let go of blame as I discover my own need for mercy...
Im learning not to sweat the small stuff... This last year has been about finding strength within myself not looking to others for it ♥ -TQW
Everything in life is either fun or learning. So, if something happens that it isn't fun, look for the learning, ~ Richard Bach
since adya has grabbed my old mac & am learning iOS programming, looking for a macbook+display (Refurbished okay). any deals?
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, its about learning to dance in the rain.
Learning how to become stronger. There is a reason for everything, it just blows sometimes.
im learning to think alone... for myself. i like it.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
5. I moved accounts, providing me with some big challenges. Although sometimes I can be heard swearing for miles, i'm learning.
MY DAD. Is. Learning whoever she is on guitars for me;') he has permission to wake me up to this
all the stuff I'm learning from my book for nursing school got me eating healthier
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.  .Anthony J. D'Angelo
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Leaving Sac & heading home to the bay. I gotta admit these few days spent in Sac was a huge learning experience for me.
Thomas Fuller~ Learning makes a man fit company for himself.
Learning, Memorising, Exams, Work, Career. What for? what can one person do to the world.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain
Learning Race for the Prize for NYE. Fuck cover bands.
actually it was a good year for learning- don't send photos, don't take no shit from noone, don't like most people- espesh slags and players
Life's not about waiting for the storm to pass, but learning to dance in the rain.
I know I'm still learning .. So excuse me if I actually don't mind fucking up a couple times.. At least ill know when its right for me ..
woow i never hear before about tumblr..... shock :O i will learning how to make tumblr hmm... easy for me but not really
So so Tedious. Just, everything. Learning, Pathetic little games for our entertainment, Working, Eating, Drinking, Dying.
learning from the past is a gift for the future
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain
I'm ready to start 2012! God has great things prepared for this next year. 2011 was a year for learning...  2012 is the year for blessing!
So if you've got FS through Humble Bundle, Steam sales or whatnot, I'd love to offer some "pro" tips for a smoother learning curve.
2011 a big growth and learning year for me can't complain gotta take the good with the bad, I'm excited for another year new things :)
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain
Have had this account for some time now and just learning how to use it. Lol :-)
Letting go of every problem i had this year learning from my mistakes to better myself in the new year changing myself for the better
Sometimes getting rich is just about learning how to ask people for money (in a correct way).
Some are not content, no matter how much they have, greedy fools. As for me I'm learning to live without materiel wealth.
“I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning to sail my ship.” - Louisa May Alcott
Been learning some new songs for Bad Debt.....
2011 was a year that showed me a lot about myself and others. It was a year for learning hope 2012 is a lot easier.#cheerstoanewyear
k just kidding i dont have the patience for these spanish learning drills.
In most cases people don't look for the bare truth. They look for the truth wrapped up in a colorful paper. Bc learning the truth is hard.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass its about learning to dance in the rain.
Thanks for the following.  I look forward to learning from you.@LeightonGage
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass its about learning how to dance in the rain :))
Painful experiences as a learning factor for the less fortunate
learning whats worth fighting for and whats worth letting go are the two hardest things to do
Learning from yesterday, living for today, n wishing for tomorrow
I have never had any friend because of lack of learning about business. Starting to work is difficult for me but I have chances to do so.
Learning not to take people for granted.
Looking for one person who is interested in learning more about Body By Vi. What a great way to kick off 2012 than with a $49 Balance Kit!!
Thinking of learning the lyrics to Auld Lang Syne in time for new year :/
Learning the moves Beyonce' do in her Dance for you video lol ..
2011 was a learning curve year for me. I enjoyed it. Makes me feel pretty confident about 2012.
Can't wait to getting started on this fur project. It will def be a challenge but fantastic for my learning!
Learning Java so I can learn Dalvik and then make a sweet app for Android and make thousands of dollars a day on it. Or fail miserably.
Life isn't about Waiting for the Storm to Pass...it's about Learning to Dance in the Rain..*
learning a bunch of new tricks with DbContext change tracking while editing a chapter that Rowan wrote for the new book
Last Friday of 2011 & wanted to let ALL of my followers know you're appreciated!!!! Thanks for a year of laughter, reflection & learning.
Learning for exams is so annoying but i've to do it...
Galleys for Slouching Toward Adulthood--done! Writing this book has been like learning bridge, Urdu & organic chemistry
It is not unusual for parents to prefer a different style of learning than their child.
It is not unusual for parents to prefer a different style of learning than their child.
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
I can honestly say that 2011 wasn't my best year when I came to "doing what I'm supposed to do" BUT I was good for learning from my mistakes
Its interesting that the rate of change and complexity of open source has driven devs back to books for learning/reference vs. the web
life isn't about waiting for the sun to come out, its about learning to dance in the rain
I love learning from the past, but also appreciating everything for what it is, no regrets
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain
ok I may have lost my point somewhere in my mumbling. I think I have only just grown up now and finally learning how to stand up for myself
im not ready for the parties and the ongoing drama i witness from my peers , but im ready for class and learning.
I am thankful for the real friends that I have, I am also thankful for learning how fake some of the others are.
looking for reviews on creative beginnings learning center and child time in north phoenix
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
After learning about the resolution of HD signal sourceslet’s examine corresponding resolution for display devices
Well closing is next wednesday for my 1st house. It's been a long road, but a good learning experience. Good to see the future isnt so bleek
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's learning to dance in the rain"
We actually know a Bug. Knew him for years before learning his real first name.
I started learning when I stopped taking things for granted.
Learning curve for big Andy this season at Liverpool watch him destroy the prem next year!!
I'm living for today & learning for tomorrow.
"Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time."
Learning another kid needs braces is a great weightloss plan. Who needs food when you have to pay for orthodontics, anyhow?
I'm learning new recipies so i can make some dinner for somebody.
I'm just gonna start learning to not give a fck. Seems like it's working for everyone else.
one day for learning dark arts, the next day for coding apps, repeatedly.
maybe i should start learning my dance for my dance class considering i have been to like 3
learning for its own sake is rewardiiing hihi
I try to be the best example I can for my girls!kids pick up on&remember everything..& learning starts in the home! <3
And I'm learning how to live w/ my unintended consequences while you're busy jumping fences afraid to stay in one spot for too long
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating..
But i have decided to finally start learning iOS development for which i have learnt obj-C.
Learning from my Past wz no Regrets, worrying about my Present wz no Fear, looking up for a better Future wz a Real Well..
Two New 4-Week Power Programs for Market Research Learning Announced by Research Rockstar
I'm pretty proud of myself for learning WMYB on the guitar just from watching a youtube video and never having lessons before
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship
Another year passed;Regret the times when i missed my slightest learning opportunity & cherish the time when i had it all without asking for
Learning how to play the violin for my new years resolution:) ima be sick nasty!!!!
Sister: Can u do me a favor? Me: No. Sis: Can u download these pics for me? Me: No. SIs: Why did i even ask? Me: Good, You're learning.
Best parts of 2011: NYC, moving out on my own, photoshoots, the people Iv met, my new job, & learning so much about myself. ♥ ready for 2012
“@alleyesonZ: Done with bbm and Blackberry - iphone for 2012” Everyone is learning ;)
Not going to school for two weeks made my writing worser than a kindergarden learning how to write.
2011 has brought about a lot of change in my life... and I wouldn't change a thing. living and learning, thanking god for keeping me.
Everything is a learning experience, if u listen you may get the answer your looking for.
Microworld Nova and Certiport Partner to Offer Complete Learning Solution for Microsoft Certified ITpiU42k
My mouth be ruining stuff for me. Lol I'm learning to keep my emotions to myself!
Why don't these people realize that winter break is not for learning.
Im learning not to sweat the small stuff This last year has been about finding strength within myself not looking to others for it ♥
Don king was a huge learning experience for me. But it proved to me I have what it takes to A&R.
Its quite handy that i'm learning to play an instrument, cause when i fail my A Levels and become homeless I can play it for money :3
A total immersion in life offers the best classroom for learning to love.
i'm so late for learning about all of these amazing bands ugh
Learning the lyrics for 'auld lang syne' with haz in preparation for tomorrow. :)
practical uses for rubbish friends: learning field dressings, hack 'em and stich e
Learning as much as I can, for knowledge is the key. There is nothing I cannot do, but the first step starts with me.
Recording everything we do on video for quick & easy learning... love to the future generations
"@FreshPrince_215: 2011 was a learning experience, ready for 2012" same here
2011 was a good year for me. It was a year of growth, learning, & loving.  I can't wait to see what 2012 has in store for me!
Idk why but I'm really tryna get my CDL for the forklifts @ work, and learning how to drive all the different ones
The only thing the past is good for are memories and learning from it.
I'm learning a watched phone never rings...been watching for the bosses' call that the 4 of us in the office today can go home for hours...
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain.
what is meant to be will be and if its meant for you ...you won't have to force it.  It will willingly come (currently learning this)
Jay spearing really could do with learning how to tackle. He is currently in the same league as Scholes and Cattermole for tackling ability.
I'm not a love guru, lord knows I've made my mistakes...& I'm still learning how to be the best person for me & my loved 1's. But I LOVE
2011 was a learning experience, ready for 2012
Any point learning any French? Most of them speak enough English for me to get on without hassle right?
2011 was the year for learning, finding your way, letting go, taking risks, laying foundations and getting prepared for what's to come :)
Dear UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY fan.  College is for learning.
i can only tolerate people for short periods of time . just learning that about myself
Mistakes are meant for learning not repeating
Learning a musical instrument is great exercise for your brain.
“@NickDeSean 2011 Was A Year Of Learning For Me”
Learning how to make bows for my babygirls hair
Am learning how to drive, no car, no shishi for account...#na faith
2011 Was A Year Of Learning For Me
Found the sheet music for "The Married Life" from Up. Learning it on Piano. Pretty sure if I learn how to play it my life will be complete.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass.. it's about learning to 'Dance in the rain
RT “@Anointed_01 “@iMacNoCheese Everyone comes in your life in a season for a reason, I'm learning to let people go when God tells me to!””
Get to know someone BEFORE you start something. You don't want to be dating for a year before learning you're actually both incompatible.
Learning something new everyday is what I live for :]
Im learning not to sweat the small stuff... This last year has been about finding strength within myself not looking to others for it ♥
Life isn't About Waiting for the storm to pass... It's about learning to dance in The Rain !!!
Thank god for the invention that is youtube. Learning biology through raps, cause i'm cool like that :')
2011 was a crazy learning experience for me and I can't wait to bring in the new year with God again always on my side.
Every failed relationship is an opportunity for self-growth and learning. So be thankful and move on.
Everyone comes in your life in a season for a reason, I'm learning to let people go when God tells me to!
S/O to National Geographic channel for having a history of religions marathon. I love learning about different religions/beliefs
This year was a learning experience for me. I thank GOD for making me the strong women that I am today
For me 2011 in 3 words was nice,difficulties,learning
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... it's about learning how to dance in the rain~Anon
Now you learning!!RT@Hustle4Kitty: Wtf should I be mad for?? I have money in my pocket, a g ride, a great family, and a few good friends."
Ppl r learning 2 speak up! CNN Breaking news:  Verizon Wireless to scrap proposed $2 fee for one-time payments, citing "customer feedback."
this year was a learning experience, that is for sure.
I'm seriously so happy. With everything that has been going on, I'm learning to accept that everything happens for a reason.
I like how I'm learning a song for my dead bestfriend...
2 0 1 1 will be end! Wohooo....to many lessons story for learning how to be the best in the next! Thank you god for stay with us ♥ ALLAH SWT
I dont wanna help people tomorrow for service learning :(
My worst mistake was thinkin I could be the reason for other ppls' happiness. My greatest decision was learning how to make ME happy.
I want them to feel comfortable coming to Scardinos, I want them to know that I'm learning sign language for many different reasons..
Finally finished my e-learning for work
cont' a year for learning. I learned to be a stonger person despite of any situation. Ive learned to be patient and come out of my shell
Making a wrong decision is understandable refusing to search continually for learning is not
RT RT RT "@theRealKaylaJay: It's definitely time for ya'll to start learning the difference between there, their, and they're."
“@theRealKaylaJay It's definitely time for ya'll to start learning the difference between there, their, and they're.” and to and too
"To live in Christ while learning to be Christlike means we make space for the ugly and the beautiful in all of us to grow and change."”
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass it's about learning to dance in the rain. ; <3
It's definitely time for ya'll to start learning the difference between there, their, and they're.
if your not high and learning at this point, your doing something wrong.. it's called highschool for a reason
Learning this song "me- Tamia" for my aunt in chicago.
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass. its about learning how to dance in the rain.  (( Lecrae ))
I do what I want. People make me feel guilty for it but I'm learning to ignore it; at the end of the day I make me happy.
You wasted my time. But whatever, you're the one that reminded me everything's a learning experience. Thanks for teaching me a lesson.
right now is not the time for a learning experience, had enough of that LAST NIGHT
Depending on Gods word, accepting His teachings, learning to living up to His standards for us!
I have a feeling he's gonna buy me flowers and a necklace for Valentine's too. He's learning how to be quite the gentleman. -grinz-
And I've been practicing and learning it for 6months!
I Hope that lanky prick Carroll is learning a thing or two from Bellamy tonight, he's just INCREDIBLE for lack of a better word!
Thanks everyone for your friendship and good wishes this year. I look forward to learning, sharing, and laughing with you in 2012.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...it's learning to dance in the rain.  .....idk_
2011 for me was a learning experience
... We study for 8 hours a day for 10, 15, sometimes 20 years. But why stop? Is making money more important than learning? ...
I am SO EXCITED for Adobe Muse. It gives designers the ability to create websites and not worry about learning code.
Forgive everyone for everything. (Im learning to)
2011 was good, crazy, shocking, learning year can't wait for 2012 and see what it has in stored for me!
*rolls eyes* I'm learning to keep my mouth closed, but its hard for me not to show my thoughts on my face. Hence, the eye rolling.
You and I, learning to speak with kisses on cheek, we're lifted over the edge, if I fall for you, would you fall too? ♥
2011 has been a learning curve... A good kind, I have changed who I am, for the better :)
I've gone thru a lot.. But i must say, i'm still learning. And will still be until i'm dead. Nobody wants to settle for less, don't we?
having the hardest time learning how to "throw up gang signs". My black card should be revoked for the rest of my life.
I need Microsoft word to type up my bill, pro/con speeches, and fact sheet for service learning. Bye-bye paycheck.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Time for him to b learning and being social
For those of you learning English, gingham & plaid are synonyms for tablecloth.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass but learning to dance in the rain. Maybe my new tattoo. Hmm. I don't know what to choose!!!
"Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass...it's about learning how to dance in the rain."
Celebrity marriages are difficult to maintain for long because they are novelties to the players. Like learning to bowl. A day is 24 hrs
“@_SipMyLuvPotion I'm signing my Lil bro up for beyond scared straight, so he can be on there crying and learning his lesson.”
Darcey Bussell learning my favourite movie dance ever, Fred&Ginger Cheek to Cheek in Top Hat... on my to do list for 2012
I ain't no boss B**ch. Yet I'm still learning how tobe prepared for tht role but I bet Chu I have tht Boss's Bitchh mentality! SOON I'LL BE
tdy's dance learning was kinda slow. :( at least I'm ready to teach NeoN Tmr. :) everyone's excited for Tmr! Me too!
New Years Resolutions- not taken people for granted.! maken money and learning how to cook.!
Starseeds have been coming since the beginning of earth's history, learning until it was time for the Gaian 'awakening'.
“@davie_crockett Everyday is a learning progression for anybody and any life situation”
kicking myself for never really learning layers
2011 was a learning experience for me
"I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship." Louisa May Alcott
this year has been a good learning experience for me
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating.
; Learning frm yesterday .. Living for today .. Hoping for tmrw .. PRAYING for even BETTER days ( :
No learning can make up for the failure to pray. No earnestness, no diligence, no study, no gifts will supply its lack
Learning the lambada is a must for the future
Every person that enters my life is a learning experience and Im grateful for that friends and enemies I wouldnt be the guy I am without you
