Is it necessary to take break in normal vitamin supplement consumption over a long period?
I have been taking vitamin supplements for three years now without break with excellent results. But I learnt that doctors advise to take a break of a few days. But nutritionists differ. Who is right?.
no need to break.
What are the chances of finding the right person if you never take breaks after a break up?
I'm not referring to myself, just friends who seem to be going through patience issues in-between break-ups. Like everytime they go through a break-up, less than a week later, they're with someone new. I'm just wondering what are the chances of someone finding the right person if they never take breaks inbetween relationships and keep rushing on instead?.
I'm not gonna lie to you. I was kind of like your friend sometimes. I would brake up in about a week i would be with someone else, doesn't mean I was having sex with every one of them. There was time were i was back with an old boyfriend, but yeah. The last boyfriend i had is my husband today, we have been together 4 years now.
How often to take break on long-distance driving?
Driving from Southern Cal to Michigan in summer (so the temperature would be up there).  My car is 2004 Civic 50,000 miles, excellent condition.  Is there some regular interval of time/distance that I should take break (not for myself, but in terms of giving the engine a "rest" given the hot condition- or are engines built for sustained drive and not care about how long it's been going??  THANKS..
Worry more about yourself than the car.  It's designed to handle the heat.  Take a 15 minute break for yourself every 2 hours.. .  Would be a good idea to have a certified mechanic go over the vehicle and at least change the oil and antifreeze before you head out.
Have you ever heard of someone wanting to take a 'break' from a friendship?
I have a male friend who has twice told me that he needs to take a break from our friendship. We have been cyber friends for almost 3 years and he's taken 2 breaks from our friendship (lasting a few months) already and is now saying that he wants to take another break. . . Have you ever heard of this? I've heard of romantic couples taking breaks from a relationship but never friends..
When I read the headline I had one opinion.  This friend is trying to let you down easily.  And then upon reading your additional comments, I kind of have to say this friend is no longer the good ally and cyber buddy you have come to love.  Perhaps he has other interests or whatever, but I'm thinking you take energy to keep up.  Not in a bad way, but maybe his "real" life isn't allowing him to spend the energy you deserve.  I respect that  he you is telling you that.  If I were you (I'd be an emotional wreck, but in my best self scenario let's say), I'd respond with, "I can respect that, I really enjoyed our emails (whatever) together, they've really helped me.  Take care, and I wish nothing but the best for you.  If you ever want a friend to talk to, you know where I am.  But if you do, I'm thinking these breaks aren't so good for my self-esteem.  They kind of hurt, I know you don't mean it that way, but I think we've communicated enough for me to let you know that.  Anyway, if you connect again, great, you know how I feel.  . . I really wish you nothing but the best.. Me". . What do you think?
My girlfriend wants to take a break to work on herself, what do I do?
My girlfriend and I have been dating for almost two years, and we've both been through a lot together, much more than two 18 year olds would typically go through. She's been struggling with depression for awhile now, and after a week of being away from eachother as freshman at different universities, she decides she wants to take break to work on herself. We still talk to each other frequently, but I still worry about her and the future of our relationship. What do I do?.
You should try to contact her more, surprise-visit her when you can, show her you're there for her and you really love her and will do anything to make your relationship work and just in general-you're there for her :) . . Hope this helps and good luck to you two :)
Is it ok to exersise 2 different muscels a day for two days than 3rd take break?
For example shoulder and tricep workout one day, then the next day bicep and chest than last day take a break.?? Ect. I'm a 19 year old male..
How do Doctors take a break from a 14 hour long surgery?
I'm just curious if doctors take breaks (lunch, potty) during a 14 hour long surgery. Do they leave the patient all cut open on the operating table while they go to Subway to grab lunch? Doctors are humans too. Just curious....
I think they work in shifts.  Like a big group of doctors is briefed on the operation and then they like divide into smaller surgical groups and they switch off to give the other group a break.. I don't know if that is what really happens but that is how I would work it.
If your under 18, and working, do you HAVE to take a break?
Every 5 hours, anyone 18 and under have to take at least a half hour break. It is a law. My mom works at a fast food resteraunt, and she has to tell the minors to take breaks every 5 hours. But at Tim hortons, where my friend works, she wont take a break ALL day. Is that legal?. . Btw; RANDOM: Did demi lovato get in a car accident?. Its a child labor law that every 5 hours, anyone under 18 HAS to take a half hour break..
that's a common rumor. are you absolutely sure? it could vary by state but it's not in federal law. you could easily google it in your state laws.. . and i've always heard it was a paid 15 minute break every 2 hours except for lunch, which was unpaid. so two paid 15 minute breaks per 8 hour day. at several of my jobs me being there was crucial (like at the hospital) so i'd take 3 minute cigarette breaks whenever i could get away with it. how do people get by with working 5 hours without a cigarette?. . oh wait, tim horton's? i don't know anything about canada, but i'm sure you could google canadian laws as well. and still, no one is cruel enough to make someone go 5 hours without a cigarette.
Is it my imagination, or do men take break ups way more badly than women do?
I've noticed that in general, men in this respect are way weaker than women. Men after break ups often turn into pathetic babies, whereas women after break ups seem to barely shrug a shoulder..
Depends on the break up, I guess.. When my first serious boyfriend and I broke up, I was a heartbroken mess for a very long time.. I guess it depends on whether or not you are ready for it to end when it does, and what sort of connection you felt toward that person before you broke up.. I don't think there is any problem with acting vulnerable after a breakup, I don't find it pathetic, just human.  Perhaps these women you know are just so relieved or fed up by the time their relationships end that they want to go out and have fun.  Or look to other women to connect with after their break ups.. It can hurt, and badly.
How long does it take break to mold?
I'm doing a science project, and i put 3 pieces of bread in 3 plastic bags. (1 in each) One was put in my garage, one on my kitchen counter, and one in the refrigerator. How long will it take the bread to mold in each condition? (the bread is store bought so it has preservatives).
If we knew how long it would take, what would be the point of the experiment?
when do i take a break of working out for my muscles to grow?
hey i was wondering when i should take breaks working out because i know your not suppose to workout everyday otherwise your muscles wont grow and you need to give them 1 day to grow. when they are soar is that when i should stop? or when should i? i do alot of sit ups and arm strength..
As an amateur fitness trainee I would suggest taking breaks on weekends, if your a gymaholic go Mondays through Fridays then rest on weekends. If you wanna see effective changes working out is the least of your worries, your priorities should be eating proper diets, sleeping properly, preferably the least 7 or 8 hours.. . Whatever you do, do not put too much pressure on yourself like working out for 5 hours in the gym, an hour or 2 should be enough, after which you rinse and repeat everything mentioned, Goodluck :)
Can an employer make you take more than one unpaid break?
I work at a cinema and work open to close but i dont get straight time cause my employer makes us take breaks during the down time of up to an hour is that legal?.
of course he can do that, if theres nothing to do, why should he pay you for doing nothing? if you dont like it, you can legally find another job.
Do guys take more time to get over a break up?
I read that guys 18-23 take break ups the hardest. Is this true? If so, why?.
It depends.
y did duncan decide to take a career break in the middle of the season ?
I hear crap that he is a durable palyer who is healthy this year, so far all i saee him do is take breaks. , he does know that if the lakers catch up, they're guaranteed to win because all the laker home court games are rigged by joe crawford..
They should just play Duncan.. At this point I won't be suprised if the lakers get 1 seed.
When we run the motorbike or a four wheeler about 100 kph then suddenly we have to take break ,? some expert?
When we run the motorbike or a four wheeler about 100 kph then suddenly we have to take break ,?  some expert about say that the "clutch should not be push (it should be free)" during the break it stops bike from slipping and also stop bike in less time, and if we push the clutch then bike has more chance to slip. is it rigth tell me with detail?.
Its very simple.... . If you press the clutch in and apply the brake this would be the same as if you were in a vehicle, the motorbike or the four wheeler would take longer to stop..
If you are on the pill, is it necessary to take a break from it?
I have heard people say that you have to take breaks when on the pill to give your body a rest, is this true?.
NO thats not true at all .. pills are now a lot safer than they used to be and there are almost no side effects. and you only need to take a break from them if u want to have a baby. so dont you worry. and hope you have seen a doctor who has prescribed you the pills.
Upper back pain when I take break from bikram yoga?
I have been doing bikram yoga fairly regularly for over 1 year. I go about twice a week. I have been busy and it has been unseasonably nice outside so I haven't been to bikram for 1 week. My next and upper back (between the upper part of the shoulder blades) is really bothering me. I had no back pain before starting bikram. Has anyone experienced this before?.
All the time.. . I do Asthanga and if I miss more than a few days, my whole body hurts, especially the upper back and shoulders and my joints.. . It's because your body is accustomed to the exercise and stretching. Stress and toxins build up in the muscles. Yoga releases them.. . You can do the yoga w/out the hot part at home or outside to keep your body happy.
does adults have to take break every four hours in florida?
wanted to know if i have to give my crew break every four hours as a requirement of florida labor law?.
there are some states that mandate breaks, Florida is NOT one of them
When we run the motorbike or a four wheeler about 100 kph then suddenly we have to take break ,?
some expert about say that the "clutch should not be push (it should be free)" during the break it stops bike from slipping and also stop bike in less time, and if we push the clutch then bike has more chance to slip. is it rigth tell me with detail?.
I am a jeweler & my hands are very sore from working and I am losing muscle stamina & can't take break to rest
I am getting ready to graduate and have 6 weeks to complete my projects. I've been working 50-60 hours a week in the studio on my jewelry lately and cannot work less than that to fullfill my deadlines. I wish I could take a break but I won't graduate if I slow down on how much I am working. Almost all of my work takes a lot of upper body strength such as forging/hammering/sawing/filing. My hands and fingers are starting to get cramps from clinching my tools and materials. I am also noticing that my grip is not as strong and that is a real problem for working on precise pieces. I was given Etodolac my the school doctor but it only helps the pain a little. I know I am over using them and asking too much of them but I don't have a choice, just have to get thru 6 weeks more. Is there any vitamins I need to take to help my muscles to heal faster and/or give them more stamina? Any suggestions on how I can help my muscles.
make sure your getting protein, omegas, vit b's and c. have casine protein or a glass of milk along with a table spoon of peanut butter right before bed.
Is every worker allowed to take a break?
The restaurant I work at has a new owner.  I was told that waitresses are not allowed to take breaks and it does not matter how many hours we work.  Is this true? and if so why?. I live in Illinois.
Why do couples take breaks from each other? What can taking a break do for a relationship?
Is taking a break a good thing or a bad thing? I would like to take a break but my man doesn't want to. What should i do? We took a break before but i cheated on him so we broke up for 2 months and now we are back together. We argue and fight so much that's why i want the break not to be with some1 else. ? The break could for like a month or 2 then we could call the break off..
I NEVER want to take a break from my boyfriend.  Being with him 24/7 is my lifelong dream!!  I love him so much & can't get enough of him!!  . If you want a break, he probably isn't the right guy from you.  True love never wants a break.  . Another thing, if you really loved him, you wouldn't cheat on him!!. And one more thing, why do you argue and fight so much?  I'm not trying to tell you what to do, but just from as much information as you've put down, I don't think that you guys should be together.. I know taking a break from my boyfriend is NOT something that I will ever want.  Me & my guy are getting married!!! We only argue about "little things" that don't really count as anything and when we aren't with each other, we want to be so bad that it drives us crazy!!. I wouldn't cheat on him for anything!!  I wouldn't even hug another guy if someone PAID me to do it!!. I will NEVER EVER leave my guy because I Love him more than anything!!!. . I think you guys need to break up!. Sorry for being so blunt, but that's what I'd say.
Working at Coles supermarkets-need to take break for exams?
But when i spoke to my manager, they said i should resign because 8weeks is too long, can they do that? it says in the agreement that:. . Casual team members shall be given appropriate consideration to take the necessary time. off to attend studies, exams, holidays etc. This will not prejudice their ability to retain. their casual status.. . is it worth going to the union?if i dont get my job back i will have to ask my manager for a reference for my resume to get a new job so i dont want to leave a bad impression....
is it allright to drink water and take break in between cardio excercise.?
today is my first day of cardio exercises ( i am skipping and dancing to reduce my belly for 20 min). as i am doing right now i notice that i am thirsty and feel tired. should i take a break after 3 min and then start over or should it be continuous exercises without a break. and also i am thirsty. is it all right to drink water while doing cardio??. also why is my body feeling so itchy.
Since you are new to the exercise.. it is ok to slow down, but try to continue in some sort of motion for the full 20 minutes.  The body has to work up to this exertion just like anything else.. so start out slowly, and over time your stamina will build.. . Think of it like jogging -- It would be fine to jog.. then walk when you felt the need, then start jogging again when you caught your breath.  It would not be wise to jog then stop and stand still, then jog again.. . Make sense?. . Yes, drinking a little is ok -- but a little!  Do not gulp down the water/liquid until you are finished.  Ideally you should be able to be well hydrated before the cardio and not need to drink during a 20 minute stint.. . As for the itch, that is the blood flow and your skin.  You aren't used to the exercise, and it is a drastic change is capillary blood flow - sort of like a niacin flush.  Which causes a little histamine like feeling on the skin.  You might even notice things turning a little red in spots.  . . This is nothing to worry about, and will go away after the exercise.  It should also lessen and be less worrisome after you become accustomed to the regular exercise.. ie: days to weeks.
Do you take break days when working out?
I'm trying to lose weight and i was wondering how many break days i should have or if any?. . example: Monday & Tuesday, then Wednesday a break, Thursday & Friday, then Saturday & Sunday break?. . Thanks. :D.
What if you do hard cardio 4 days a week and weight resistance 3 days a week?  Or, if you want a day off do hard cardio 3 days a week and weight training 3 days a week.. . More bang for your buck.  My one suggestion is to find something you really enjoy doing so you can stick with it.  It is very hard to stick with something that you absolutely hate doing.
if it illegal to take half hour out for break atomaticly at your job when you dont take a break?
our job is atomatically taking a half hour out of our check for break when we dont takes breaks is this illegal to do.
There is no federal law on breaks so it depends on your state. But for most states an unpaid half hour for meals has to be provided in a day shift. If you work during it instead they have to pay you.
Why does my bf wanna take a break?
Sounds to me like he has other plans during the school time. I wouldn't take this guy back in the summer. You don't take breaks from relationships like that. Sounds a bit fishy to me!. . - Relationship, MD
Sean Tait announces he is to take break?
sean tait ahs just announced he will be taking a break from the game.. . Any thoughts?.
That definately came out of left field. . . It must be tough to lose your passion for the thing that defines who you are. Especially when you are under the spotlight like he is.. . I hope he has a good break and finds what he's looking for.
( Female Advise Please)Why do girls take break ups SOO serious?
I can only speak for myself, because everyone is different.. When a guy broke up with me, it felt like a death had happened... (Many (relationship) deaths in my past, lol)... My heart was a tender one concerning relationships, but one day,  my heart hardened up (its not good when that happens, it makes it hard to love deeply, and be passionate).. The break-ups left some emotional baggage.. But emotional baggage doesn't just come from breaking up with someone, it can come from all areas of a person's life and it depends on how they handle it... . IMO:. Is it all your fault?  Only if you've lied to her by telling her your breaking up with her because your dieing when you really aren't.... Lol, no kidding that happened to me many years ago... But normally NO, its usually not one person's fault.. It depends on the situation.. I mean, if your married or married to a couple of people, and she didn't know about it from the begining, then yeah, its your fault.. But in a normal situation without lieing and deceiving, its probably not anyone's fault.. It's just the way it turned out... . Will she get over it?  It depends on how she wants to handle it.. Maybe she will, maybe she won't..
i have benn on the pill for four years should i take break?
hi i have been on the pill in general for 4 years. for the past year i have been on the cezerette pill. i have a period about once every 2 to 3 months. I read throught the leaflet and it said you should have a break every 5 years. I was wondering if i should have a break or not.... hope you can help. . emma.
I have a friend that wants to take a break in our friendship?
I'm male, she's female, we met on the internet and we are very close friends. We are both married to others and her husband verbally abuses her, degrades her all the time, even tells her that he wants to "sleep" with her sister and/or watch her have sex with others. We are worlds apart but we confide in each other and seemed to have a bond that I didnt even know was possible online. Lately her husband is getting worst toward her and its affecting us. I want her to be happy and usually when we meet on here, she is, but lately she cant seem to be although I do everything I can to help her. Now she wants us not to have any contact with each other (a break from each other) because she says she cant be happy anymore even when she is with me. I told her today that I wanted to be like an oasis that she can come to and forget everything for a while. Real friends dont take breaks or need breaks from friends, right? I just want to help but if you wont help yourself, you wont let others help you..
Wow! What to do, what to do...Although you are right, "real friends don't take breaks" from each other, she is trying to deal with her problems. Give her some space...but be there when she crashes. There's nothing you can do for her, (except talk) she'll have to work it out on her own. She needs to build her confidence. She needs to know that she doesn't have to put up with crap like that. Not everyone is like her husband. Good luck.
Taking break in Dubai while flying to India from US?
I am planning to fly to India from US in Emirates and want to take a  day break in Dubai. Do I have to stamp a visa to do that? Does Emirates encourage people taking breaks in Dubai.? Is it worth taking a break in Dubai? In the past I have taken a short break in Singapore while using Singapore airlines and it was a nice experience. Now I want to try Emirates?. . Should I go via Dubai or stick on to Singapore?.
Take a break in Dubai, while you know Singapore already.. The 96hrs visa (if you are not able to obtain a visa up on arrival) will be provided through Emirates.. Take a sight seeing tour or visit some of the newest and biggest shopping malls worldwide.. Also a visit of the Bastakiya (Dubai Museum) is recommended or a visit of the souq/gold souq.. . Enjoy.
Do you have to take breaks between taking vitamin supplements?
After we finish a bottle of vitamins, my parents always make us wait for weeks after starting them again,  like about a month. Is there any real reason to do that or is it ok to just take them continuously? Do you have to take a break between vitamins so that your body can "adjust"? Aren't you just not getting the vitamins you'd usually get if you were taking the vitamins?.
In California, could it be considered harrasment if your employers makes you take 10 minute breaks?
I work a 10 hour day.  They make me take an hour lunch.  They make me take 10 minute breaks.  Why am I complaining?  I get a grove going and dont want to stop but then my supervisor will come by and say take a break.  I think legally I can say no.  Besides everybody else takes breaks at bad moments, why should I make things worse?  Do they want us working or breaking?.
I don't think it is harrasment... But you should be able to skip it if you want to....My boss is very big on sticking to the scheduled break times and she says if you want it then make sure you take it on time or don't take it at all... so that tells me right there i have the right to not take it if i choose to do so... However they probably make you take it to cover themselves from you claiming that you did'nt get a break.... You should take them though, your entitled!
Is it fine to take breaks during each set when I lift weights?
I do around 12 reps and 5 sets and after each set I take a break of around 10 men. is it fine or would I gain more muscle without taking breaks?.
The breaks help, I usually do 5 minutes. You might be better off doing fewer sets and a little more weight.
Can I take legal action against my employer for lack of breaks?
My employer regularly makes staff work long hours without another member of staff so they are unable to take breaks.. . For example, today my boyfriend (who works for the same company) has had to work from 9:40am until 10pm with no breaks. I know this is against the law as it states you have to have a 20 minute break if you work longer than 6 hours.. . I have no idea what to do or how to go about any legal action. Any advice you can give is greatly appreciated!.
Is it healthy to take breaks within relationships?
Well my boyfriend and I chose to take a break because I wanna figure some things out.. Lately I haven't been myself. And we decided to take a break.. Nothing bad. But is it healthy ?.
Parents To Take Break To Grieve For Madeleine?
Hey CT wonder why this Q hasnt made it to the News page yet?. Yeah bout time they cooled it and let it sink in. Maybe they will stop being in denial and admit their mistake.
if you arein realtionship for a while and decided to take break what are the chances of getting back?
well it depends...if he really loves you he will be there for you after the break you take...if he doesn't he'll move on or maybe you will also change your mind about it.... . the only way to know is to talk to him about the way you feel
Is it mandatory to have to take breaks in NY?
I know if you work more then 6 hours you are allowed to take a break, but I am wondering if it is required. I would rather just work and not have to clock out for a non-needed break..
help. i dont know what to do. the father od my daughter wants to take a break from our relationship.?
the problem  that i dont want to. and i live with him and his mom. so the only place i have to go is my moms. i love my mom but hr house is too crowded fro me and our daughter. i dont want to take break . i love him and i think that if we seperated he wont love me anymore. he said its only for a lil bit but i fear it isnt gonna be like that.
The last guy that told me he wanted a break and it was only for a little bit, we ended up breaking up forever...granted we never had kids, it was still horrible at the time. I truly loved him. . . Look, he wants a break. What can you really do about that? Maybe he is telling you in some way that he doesn't love you anymore and he needs a way out. That he wants out. . You can't stay in a relationship where one person doesn't want what you want. As much as you love him, thats not fair to him. And not fair to you either. And you can't make anyone want the things that you do. It doesn't work like that,. He needs and wants space and the only thing you can do, is move to your moms and leave him alone. . . Yeah its hard...you have a baby together..but he doesn't want to be with you right now..and there is nothing you can do to change that.
How often should I take breaks when studying, and how long should they last?
It's my spring break, and I've been studying for exams and such...but I tend to study for 30 minutes and take a break. My break usually lasts a little longer than planned ;). What's an ideal study/break schedule?.
Study for forty five minutes and then take a fifteen minute break. Have a drink and maybe a snack. Then, get back to work. Repeat this process three times or until you feel you have studied enough. I know this sounds hilarious or strange, but if you stretch during your breaks you will feel more alert. Try doing some jumping jacks. Hope this helps!
Have you ever taken break from all your friends?
I'm fed up with everyone around me and I think I need to take a break. How to avoid them for a while? Have you ever felt this way?.
maybe it is not good if you take break with all your friends, you can find a quite place to down yourself for some days
I am 17 years old and worked an overnight at my job without taking a break.?
I know that minors are supposed to take a break, but normally overnighters dont take breaks, and I was just helping out. (I work for McDonalds.) I dont want to put my job at risk, so my question is how would the people who fine for labor violations know I didn't take a break?.
Okay, you can google, your state labor laws and find out what you need to do or, you can take the easy route and do the following:  (I did this for my son and daughter). . I, the mother, personally went to McDonald's and confronted the Supervisor or Manager on duty and informed them that my child is a minor, by law they are required such-and-such break time, and if you do not give my kids their state allow break times, and if you retaliate by punishing them or firing them, I will take legal action.   . . My kids and everyone else working on that shift got their allows breaks, and we did not hear a peep from Management or Headquarters.. . I know that Walmart was or still is notorious for clocking out their employees and making them work off the clock and threatening them if they do not finish their job, that they will be replaced.. . . It is sad, but wait until you gain a skill, and will not have to worry about crap like that any more.. . Good luck.
Should women take breaks from the pill every so often?
I'm 19 and on the birth control pill because I had severe cramps and also I use it for protection. I'm only on my 5th pack, but I was thinking that maybe it's a good idea to give your body a break every once in awhile from the pill. Like maybe take a year's break after the first 5 years of being on it. What do you guys think?.
my do told me to take a break after 3 years for a couple months but that all depends on your body.
Can my employer force me to take breaks?
I have worked for the same company doing the same job for 8 years and my manager has called me into a meeting to tell me I have to have to take a 30 minute break and 1 hour lunch break (both unpaid) during the course of my working day which is usually 7 1/2 hrs. Can the company enforce this rule? Thanks in advance..
its eu law that you have to take them yes.. depending on your job though it can be possible to work through, completing your daily tasks and leave early but not officially.. . Bottom line is EU says you have to take them
I want to do mba,i will be completing my graduation this year,IS IT ADVISABLE TO TAKE BREAK AND WORK?
I have heard that doing mba with work ex is an advantage is it really true.
my boyfriend and i keep fighting. is it a good thing to maybe take a break?
i don't mean a break as in breaking up and seeing other people. i just mean not being with each other for a week or so and getting some space. just wanna know some opinions on taking breaks and i don't know just some advice i guess? xx.
Yes taking a break is a good idea. It basically tells you whether you miss him and want to be with him or that you are ready to move on..
How many hours into work do you have to take your lunch?
My boyfriend works for Microsoft. They do not allow him to take breaks, or to leave his desk during his lunch because they want him to continue to work. He has been at work for 6 hours now, and they have not allowed him a lunch break. How many hours into an 8 hour day can they make you work before allowing a lunch break? He works in California. I Need sources if you can provide a link please..
Forget the law, that's really not a very productive way to get the best out of an employee.  That just creates an "us against them" attitude.
Is a friend that always wants to take breaks worth it?
i have a friend who wants to take a friendship break. this isnt the first time it has happened. . Do you think it would be better to just let go of the friendship?.
Uhm we both know she's weird anyway baby. You have me =)
Is it healthy to take breaks in relationship?
Hi well my girl has been telling me that we should take a break any time soon but I say f dat I dnt like that but ......is it ok 2 take breaks?.
if you need to take a break then something isnt right in your relationship. Its not healthy at all. You need to speak to her about why she wants this "break" and ask her what a "break" means to her.. For some people they believe they are allowed the opportunity to go out and be intimate with others.. And others purely use it to try and get some things right in their head.. But in the end, it's not a good sign.. Good luck, I hope everything works out for you.
I enjoy studying for say 10 hours on end, but have a problem starting it?
I actually enjoy studying sometimes. I can study for 8 hours or more in a day with no problem (I take breaks every hour of course) however I don't do enough of it. I get distracted by the Internet on my iPad and I can't bring myself to start studying, even though I don't mind studying. How can I stop this and become a studyholic - one who manages to study daily for many hours?.
What does it mean when a boyfriend wants to take time off?
So we have been dating for about 8 months and we had a fight and he said maybe we should take a break. I know he loves me and he said he just wants to take time for himself but he is not interested in anything with other women and that I need to get over certain insecurities that I have. We have taken breaks before and got back together in the next week or so. I am so confused!.
He wants to take time off! Why are you confused its obvious
When i practice the trumpet, how often should i break to rest my chops?
I KNOW you have to take breaks while you practice. I usually take a ten to fiveteen minute break every hour, is this too long? And am i wasting my precious practice time by doing this?.
Well, I've been playing trombone for about 10 years and I currently play in college ensembles as well as a few professional jazz bands.  The MOST important thing is that if you feel pain or if your chops are just not responding then it's time to relax.  Before taking a break play some low pitches to get the blood flow back into your lips and loosen them.  Taking a break with tense lips sucks-I've been there.  And don't think of taking a break as a waste of time.  Taking a break is actually a part of practicing.  The Virtuoso Violinist, Itzhak Perlman said that the most a person should practice in a day of 5 hours.  And each hour should be 50 minutes with a ten minute break.  Although he is a string player I use his advice all the time.  It works quite well.  But above all-remember that how your chops feel should dictate what you do in your practice sessions.
How often am I suppose to take breaks after each exercise?
When people say they exercise 1 hour a day, do they actually exercise a whole hour each day?. . Here's an example of what I've been doing.... . 20 of  Exercise1...15sec break...20 of Exercise2...15sec break.... 20 of Exercise3....15sec break...20 of Exercise4....5min break and restart all of the same exercises.. . Am I dong it right?.
Its fine - I train for strength so it is less important that I "keep going" and more important that I am able to lift progressivley heavier weights, so my rests between sets or exercises can be as long as 4 minutes (they are usually only around 2 though - unless I really want to progress on a weaker exercise). . The shorter the rest, the more cardivascular the workout is (because your heart rate stays "in the zone") - the longer the rest the more ability to attack the next exercise harder and adapt to it better - so as long as it is somewhere in the middle you cant really go wrong - and to be honest it shouldnt make a massive difference either way - more important to consistently do it and not miss sessions.
