Okay, the match itself is about to start.  I'm gonna take a little break here.  If you want to watch along, the match is on youtube.
time to take a break
I don't think I could ever give birth, I can't take that sorta pain. If giving birth meant you only had to like break a bone, i'd be fine.
Gonna try and take a break from DC Universe Online tonight. Didn't get much sleep last night due to playing for 6 hours! :-/
Played the shit out of Halo tonight... Gonna have to take a break from it and play Skyrim or something.
He needs to take a break from the video games and txt me!
Or maybe you can ask me to take a break?
its bad to take a break in the middle of work, because you'll hate to start it again
I hate when people be like "single FWM" when they ass really need to take a break!
And Baby If You Ask Me To Take A Break .I'll Give It All Away Don't Care What The Ppl Say I'll Be A Million , Billion , Trillion Miles Away
ive never gotten hyphy throughout a whole song.. niggas had to take a break before they had an aneurysm
Straight to shower for a hour where I take my break .I'm Santa Claus and she fenna ride my fuckin sleigh !
"Take a break from d high-paced world & its stresses. Indulging ur enthusiasm 4 purely private pursuits is d way to go."- They Advised me!!
Think im bout to take me a break and run to the store
I need to take a break. Chow
to many people out here fake , they need to take a break and practice real ..
Had To Take A Break From My Music
Why do you have to be so damn fine every single day? Can't you take a break and let me concentrate on something else for a change?
Baby if you asked me to take a break i would give it all away i dont care what them people say!! im soo im soo im so proud of you
I'm just gonna take a break from xbox and relax to some music.
Going to take a break from the internet and going to go play Wii. TTFN
3 kids asleep. Praise Jesus it's time to take a break from this craziness. Hello HGTV
Had to take a break, whenever I'm really feeling something I lose track of time. I'll be working on it till tmrw morning. Nonstop
Cap would take a break of toads to sit in the warm car and listen to cinema
If you feel like you don't want to break up with nobody but you have to justttt take a break from each other .
Arcade mode in KOF13 has crushed my thumb for the night.  Time to take a break.
Even doc ask me to take a break...it would great if I could rest in peace..
"@BigMeecha_: I Swear Guys Take A Class , On How To Break A Girl's Heart . & Pass The Class A++ <|3" I failed that class
I had to take a break, I was getting too emotionally invested lol
You need to take  a break zack
Let me Give your heart a break there's just to much for you to take.
I think Katy Perry is gonna take a break and not be seen for awhile bc of the divorce + I don't think she'll be able to make a comeback.
I need to take a break from the internet
right in the tweet to 200 I'll take a break ... so tired
Time to take a break from the world. Blunt or three.
Bout to take a rest break
Had to take a break from my Chinese plate. I was throwin down, I had to
bouta take a quick break and go to walmart and get some snacks
Baby if you asked me to take a break , ill give it all away dint care what the people say . <333
my eyes are very tired... time to take a break from wearing contacts for more den 12 hours
Fuk I need to take a break from drinkin..let me go head spark dis shyt up lol
I've been using the computer like Almost everyday time to take a break
I'm tryin to take a relaxing bubble bath n my cat is tryin to break down the bathroom door. I swear she's gotta be ramming her head into it.
I can already tell getting over this break-up is going to take a long time.
I Swear Guys Take A Class , On How To Break A Girl's Heart . & Pass The Class A++ <|3
bout to take a break.. then im right bak on it
"@oSOfuckn_SCENIC: Can't wait to take a road trip"<~ spring break!!!
I guess I'm about to take a break and get on skype..
Hey MEDIA, Obama needs to take OWNERSHIP and not blame others all the time or look for a an Affirmative Action Break. Not for President
The Media wants to keep saying "It is NOT OBAMA's fault" for everything. Enough "give the brother a break" stuff and he needs to take owner
Now airing Kim & Pierson fight. Good time to get some drink and take a bathroom break if you already know the results lol
I shouldn't have went to take a bathroom break during the Fitch fight! (lol)
Baby if you ask me to take a break .. I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say!N4lB
I've been smoking way to much.  I need to take a little break. :(</3
take a chance dont matter if you fail you're too scare to try cause you might break your nail boa noite
there's a serious problem when ur next is similar to ur soon-to-be ex....it's CLEARLY a sign u should take a break b4 dating again
loveeeMUFFIN im go stop, take a break and wait!! But whats a MuFfin Compared to a cupcake ? LolOwqYAJ
Im on a losing streak in 2k time to take a break
my mom mad cuase i didnt hook u the printer damn do i ever get a break it does not take rocket scientist to hook it up do it our damn self
A heart is a house 4 love and I've learned (wooo hooo hooo oooo) that it don't take much to break a heart!!!
Everyone get your pillows and or take a break, jon fitch is fighting and its going to be boring. Hendricks do your best and ko him!!!
baby you can ask me to take a break i'll give it all away don't care what them people say i'll be a million billion trillion miles away.
"What a life to take, what a bond to break"
Watching UFC 141 on my phone at work. 'Bout to take a break and charge my phone during this next fight though. Jon Fitch is boring as fuck.
I really just want to take a break
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
(Going to a brief break on twitter. Not going to RP but I am drafting some new SLs. I'm going to take this seriously now.)
If the pill is to big to swallow, break it up and take it one piece at a time.
I made a promise to my Bestfriend and I don't break my promises. They may take a whole to get put into effect, but I make it happen.
Yes! A 3 day weekend. I actually get to take a break. Somebody wake me up Tuesday morning.
Jon "Smokebreak" Fitch is fighting. Time to take a break
And baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say ;*
RT "@jagisheree: Nice to take a break from LA"
time to take a break frm dis alcohol so i can get dressed
Bout To Take These Nails Off & Give Em A Break For Da New Year .
from the flo to the kitchen, kitchen to bathroom, bathroom to the shower..take a break and bring it back in an hour
Painting my room tonight :) dad had to take a break to watch football... Men...
she was going to take a break to concentrate on her own family and now this :s
Had to take a break for awhile I am getting ready to get on cam for awhile I am cleaning up my mess at the moment XOXO
After all the new year's greetings, time to take a break and prep for the day's festivities! Enjoy everyone!
Didn't want any company.....but I can take a break to entertain a guest. Then back to biz.....
I need to take a break from twitter and focus on more important stuff...
Wow I watched prison break this whole time to see Michael Scofield die that's whack ima just smoke and take a walk
Had to take a break in between the two parts of BAG OF BONES...
playing a bit of cod :D to bad i cant quickscope anymore if you wanna get good clips dont take a 4 month break from xbox with friends
"Take a second out to think about this: in your life you search and search for the right person for you. Every time you break up with som...
Ohhh... Kay time to take a break from twitter.!
But really bae if yu asked me to take a break I'd give all away don't get care what the people say
Had to take a small break before I got back to work. I get off soon, but my back was hurting.
I'm officially addicted to twitter.. Ima take a break for the night ;p goodnight twitter ox
had to take a bathroom break so back to bed I go 
Mosquitos just don't take a break they always ready to bite someone !
Need to take a break. But after the break cannot go back to work already.
Nice to take a break from LA
«@Quagmire_XXX i'm not in twitter in jail , i had to take a break to spam deja phone» lol.
This fucking cunt thinks its ok to take a 45 minute break. Bitch I wanna go home.
i'm not in twitter in jail , i had to take a break to spam deja phone
Sometimes its a game of give and take, it's easy to break, but hold and wait, have a little faith.
Baby you can ask me to take a break. I’ll give it all away, don’t care what the people say.
And now Susan shall take a break from vidding because she vidded herself empty. Time to gather ideas and thoughts. Couple of weeks.
The heart is a house of love...and I've learned that it don't take much to break it...~ Five Heartbeats
Feet hurt from walking for 3 hrs in heels gotta take a break at da hotel then back out. What's everyone up to?
Btw this is also the Time to reflect back, think a little about the new year and also take a break.  Do u have any resolutions yet.
And with that, I am going to take a writing break and go back to gaming good times. :D
im really about to just take a trip to ny before this break is over
Might have to take a break from this shit
No time to take a break.
sometimes its a game of give and take. its easy to break, but hold on and wait. have a little faith.
Sometimes I just need a break to take a breath & figure out everything that's going on in my life..& honestly I need to take the break alone
Its Easy To Decipher A Lie... Break It Down N Take Each Bit Of The Bullshyt Piece By Piece
I love the way my hair feels after a fresh perm,but after today I think that I'm going to take a little break from relaxers
So many people out here so fake & need to take a break and practice the real.
I guess we need to take a fucking break :/
I think I need to take a break before I go out of my head. I will be back with more fun later!
It took me like 20 yrs to take off the lashes off one eye, I need a break
When the world tried to break me, I found a road to take me, HOME. <3
baby if you ask me to take a break, i'll give it all away don't care what the people say, * singing *
I had to take a break from twitter for a couple days
1st i pimp a hoe take my chick to berlin;my bitch break niggas after dat we fuck dey gurlfriend
i know i gotta take a break when i stop listening to the beat and start hearing it
Two more topics to take notes on for Planning and I can start the Powerpoint... =__= I'm gonna go take a break.
But baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away don't care what the people say.. Be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
...Go run, run, run .Yeah it's a long way down .But I am closer to the clouds up here .You can take everything I have .You can break....
Thought the truth was something I could take but it wasn't supposed to feel like a heart break.
back under the dryer had to take a break
I b so ready to break into a vending machine n take all dat shit....
New story "DJ Armageddon" is coming along swimmingly. Now I am going to take a break and play Russian Roulette with a water gun.
i SERIOUSLY need to take a break from twitter right now...
Bout to take a smoke break
Life is too short to take a break
Tempted to take a break from cleaning to play something. Either drums or Call of Duty.
There's an amazing man waiting, but still end-up with the same ex-boyfriend. Lady, you need to take a break...
Holy crap I just did the first 2 minutes of P90X and have to take a break. That is pain!
UMass Lowell and UConn are headed to overtime. The teams will take a 15 minute break, then start a 20 minute overtime
Guys! I'm gonna take a break from twitter for awhile XC I need to read this book lol. Seeya later when I finish! :)
ill spread my wings & learn how to fly. Ill do what it takes til i reach the sky. I'll take a risk take a chance make a change & break away.
Thinkin of the day, when you went away .What a life to take, what a bond to break .I'll be missing you
Sometimes life ain't all its cracked up to be so lets take a chance & live this fantasy cause everybody needs to break free from reality
Wel im srry you dnt kno how to take a break from your job
I've been trying to take a holiday break from Twitter but will be back in a few to respond to all. May the road rise to meet you in 2012!
Dang I really need to take a break from that until my throat heals.
There's a shortcut to the highway out of town, why don't you take it ? Don't let that speed limit slow you down. Go on & break it..
Gonna take a smoke break once this last load of laundry is done I only have 1 room to clean n that's my room which I'll do b4 I go to sleep
sometimes life ain't all that it's cracked up to be .So lets take a chance&live this fantasy cuz everybody needs to break free from reality
i was suppose to have fun today but i give it a miss to meet mak n accompany mami .. give me a break ,tmr i need to take care of sis =,=
I've had a very productive day, but now I'm faced with a tough decision...should I keep working or take a break to watch Once Upon a TIme?
this last hangover open my eyes smh time to take a break lol
"I don't have anything to break around me.  But Halo is like a pencil, you take it and it looks good, but then it breaks and sucks..shit."
What a bond to break , what a life to take ill be missing you.
I'll take your girl and break her down to a decimal.
gonna take a break some where in the first week of jan dunno where to doe maybe paris or milan .. decisions decisions
who wants to go to Disneyland? I'll go ONE more time .. & then I'll take a 4-5month break lol
My problem is i neva know when to stop working to take a break!!
What a life to take. What a bond to break. I'll be missing you.
& baby if u asked me to take a break i'd give it all away, don't care what they got to say... I'm so proud of u!
Back looks good.. Had to take a break
Love CW, but I've gotta take a break to listen to my daily dose of "Defying Gravity."
on break...ahahha had a grown assss man sit on me to take a pictureeee...laugh of the night lol
I GOT TO TAKE A SMOKE BREAK~ WE HAVE TWO PAGES LEFT IN FOOD AND DRINK SECTION OF 1001 THINGS TO KNOW
They need to get over themselves. Just take a look in the mirror, and it'll break
Dun understand why i need to come here so often when someone else gets to take a not-so-well deserved break when i am here.
but baaaby if you ask me to take a break , i'd give it all away don't care what them people say .
I tried to take a quick break to find me some earrings but I didn't have enough time!
ok new blog will be ready to go new years. Time to take a break...for 10 minutes
Ready to take a nice long smoke break!!!!
Baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away don't care what the people say I'll be a million, billion trillion miles awayyyyy.
Baby iff ya ask me to take a break, i'll give it all away dont care wat the ppl say
I had to take a break cleaning my room.. Its that's bad
I need to take a break from this
I had to take a break from tweeting but im back now
One last scene to write and do you think I can !??!?! grrrr  I think I need to take a break and go for a walk or something
Soo I Got My Photographer camara and im finna to take some pictures . finna  hop off of twitter , i need a break from that
Well baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away don't care what the people say
This bitch jus txt me talkin bout she tired of cryin..I tol her to take a 15 min break
I want to eat, but if I take a break from cleaning, i'll get lazzzy.
Gonna take a break from drawing tonight,I know where I'm going with this and after completion I will defenetly go back to the other piece
Wait ☝ Hoarders I have to take a quick break I just threw up in my mouth!
Still have plenty of time to enter the giveaways below!  I will take a break and be back in 20 mins!
STR8 TO THE SHOWER FOR A HR WERE I TAKE MY BREAK IM SANTA CLAUS N SHE FINNA RIDE MY FUCKIN SLAAAAAAAAY
Okay…that's it, I've done everything I can to procrastinate. Perhaps that's a sign that I need to take a break for the night. No words today
straight to the shower for a hour where i take my break....#Boosie.
When I take a break from twitter I can't it's to addictive hahaha
My mom said she'd take me to go get a nose piercing before the end of winter break and she hasn't yet. :(
Lets take a chance and live this fantasy cause everybody needs to break free from reality
My Flow is all f!%@* up now, I can't focus, okay time to take a break!!
Bout to take me a 30 min break on da clock.:-)
My dog is scared of a pillow.  Don't be afraid to break into my house and take whatever you like.
These rumours are probably annoying the boys just as much as they're annoying us! So take a break mate! Nobody wants to hear them anymore!
Was saying "Lets take a break" just a pleasant way to end the relationship ?
How long does it take for a break to heal all the way??
What's Good Twitter? A Nigga Had To Take A Lil Break. Lol
I feel like the girl from Eat Love Pray. I need to take a break off other ppl and have a full year of Zineb time :)
I need to take a break from my phone and twitter, so I'm turning it off.
Im about to take a personal break from school. I deserve it.
So blessed to have a job where I can take a 4 hour lunch break to go ride BMX with my frands. :)
im gonna take a break from this SBA to bathe
Baby if you ask me to take a break ! I'll give it all away. Dont care what the people say. Be a Million , Billion , Trillion miles away.
They need to take Stainbrook out and give that big guy a break, but they can't afford to!
bout to take a long break to catch some of this game.
I'm done time to take a break from reality
Take a break from cleaning to clear my lungs
I think its time to take a break before it get old to fast and I dont want that
I miss you , But I am tired of your behavior. I just wanna to take a break .But always remember that .. I love you
going to take a break from the taco bueno on memorial. there is just so much mikey I can take....
Thinking of the day, when you went away. What a life to take, what a bond to break, I'll be missing you<3
it's one thing to complain, but when you're driving me insane well then i think it's time that we take a break
Just bought four tops... I was only supposed to take a bathroom break ugh
I had to take a food break....
Right ive tweeted it 25 times. i'll take a break! just really want her to see it :(
Had to take a break. The Alfredo was too good. But it's good. :)
I forgot I had a Megan Fox poster up in my room back here at home...I'm gonna have to take that back to my place after break.
baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away
take a smoke break then its back to getn money
is off to take a break. Heritage Tour will resume on January 3. Have a great new year, everyone."
“@SINcerely_SINNY: Ima Take A Two Hour Break Tomorrow Jus To Go In Town && To The Nailery  They Betta Not Say Nothin To Me ”
Boss "@SINcerely_SINNY: Ima Take A Two Hour Break Tomorrow Jus To Go In Town && To The Nailery  They Betta Not Say Nothin To Me
U can love me or hate me. I swear it wont make me or break me. Im going to wherever da money take me until a funeral awaits me!
NYE gonna take a break from taking care of the patient to celebrate on a yacht!
Ima Take A Two Hour Break Tomorrow Jus To Go In Town && To The Nailery  They Betta Not Say Nothin To Me
Take a 5 hour nap over break...check!!! hahaha whos not gonna be able to sleep tonight...this girl...great didnt think about that
I had to take a break from my home work
So i just had in&out i had to take a break from my diet, lmfao. -____-
Must be the most unsympathetic friend. I'm sozzz I normally do care just need to take a break from my inner agony aunt self every now & then
Had to take a break from packin, got a lil too depressing...but I found some stuff I forgot I had that def made me smile thru the tears...
I'm trying to take a twitter break but I keep coming back!
Worst timing to take a break.. Halftime on all games
Baby, if u ask me to take a break, I'd give it all away don't care what the people say.
I've been separating money from Katrina for the past two hours. Got dizzy so I had to take a break.
Did 1 of 6 portfolio's for work. Printed them off. I made a cool cover too. I love being smart with a power point. Going to take a break.
The reason why Im not gonna take a break from smoking til the New Year is because I dont want to disappoint myself
What a life to take, what a bond to break, I'll be missing you .....
Backs to sore. Ima take a break for a while
The minute you take a break, the one day you "take off", that makes it ten times harder to start back up again. Never give up. Never quit.
If yu ask me to take a break ill give it all away dnt care wat dem ppl say !
Working need to take a food break ledos pizza it is then back on it RSVP
My moms talking to me about next winter break and if I can leave my car on campus is she sends for a towncar to take me to the airport
Sometimes its better to take a break from a relationship and yall just have a friendship to reconnect..
"You're just a silhouette of a perfect man, cause you take me higher than I have ever been, just to break me down into 1000 pieces"
Soooooooo so so so so so so so so so so happy to be home! I could barely take 1 day with her and somehow i survived 2 days. I need a break
I'll be twerking for like 5 minutes and have to take a ten minute break. Huffing and puffing does not = a sexy twerk vid
Just cleaned the house bout to take a smoke break before my lil cuzions get here
Austin Daye hasn't hit a basket this year .. he's got to take a better shot than that to break the ice
People out here so fake,they need to take a break and practice real!
Fandom makes me want to take a break sometimes.
Jus finished doing sum reading.. Had to take a lil break! My back hurts like shit.. Bouta lay back prolly light one and star gaze for a lil☀
Time moving slow...or maybe I just dont know what to do with myself...still learning how to take a break
At the gym this mornin and saw a woman go  out front to take a smoke break............lol really?
I need to take a break from my phone for like a week! This thing is attached to my hand 25/8 an I'm always texting an tweeting someone haha
It sounds to me like somebody needs to take a break from hating and play his keyboard lol
If I didn't talk to you AT ALL over break, take a hint.
I need to take a break my booy hurt.
On break... bout to take a quick lil nap
I think I'm bout to eat and take a break , ah brotha hungry
Going to take a break and then go on computer later to work on commission . . . I actually got more TinierMe commissions today. ( ; /// ; )
Going to take a break of WTLD for a little while. Going to participate in InGaCreMo, make a little side-scroller.
Had to take a break from straitening my hair
"How many licks does it take to hit the tootsie roll center of a break"
My dogs are so crazy. I need to take them on a walk before they break through a wall.
...that it don't take much to break a heart
I was cuttin some sweet potatoes and had to take a break! That is a whole work out
I need to take me a weed break
Cuz baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say
What's good twitter !, had to take a lil break but I'm back, what's poppin ?
It is never smart to take a break while eating chipotle.
I need to take a break from Winston!
And baby if you ask me to take a break , i'll give it all away , don't care what the people say
My room is messyy as fuckkkk! I should really take a break to clean this shit
Baby if ya ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away. Don't care what the people say!
Well baby if you want me to take a break i'd give it all away.
Time to take a break from all the cleaning and watch an episode of LOST. That's sorta preparing for Hawaii, right?
"@JdotRUSS: I need an oil change bad. This car feel like its about to break." Me 2, u should take mine also. We might get a 2 4 1 deal. Lol
Your worth so much more but If you dont kno what your worth you need to take a break from dating and find yourself
If these guys didnt take a 2 hour lunch break, maybe they will be closer to finishing..
what a life to take, what a bond to break
I need to get off of Twitter & take a break, being on here's making the matter worse-_-
Yeah sometimes life ain't all it's cracked up to be so let's take a chance&live this fantasy cause everybody needs to break free from realty
Sometimes it's a game of give and take. It's easy to break, but hold on and wait. Have a little faith.
I think I'm going to take a break at the moment. I might not be back. I've just had a bit of a tough time...
Southern freshman Alexus Patterson a load on the boards but very slow running the court. ISU should be able to take advantage on the break.
i might take a break from ff13 to play the beginning of kh2 for ueefran because uee was telling her all about akuroku lol
ugh, I need to take a break within a break... BREAKCEPTION!
Nxgs be on break at the work place plotin.. Like should a nxgga jus take his ass back to the crib?? Wonder wht they faces would be like??
Whenever I take a break 4rm blogging or writing & just browse the internet I alwys just end up finding more things i want to write about lol
I've been in sweat pants all weak I use my breaks to actually take a damn break
Bbay you can ask me to take a break...ill give it all away and be a million billion trillion miles away.
Whenever I decide to take a break from my phone by ignoring it, that's when every1 decides to call & text me. But when I'm bored, I get nada
Everyone needs to take a break once in a while!
"@xjustkels: thinking of the day, that you went away, what a life to take, what a bond to break." I'll be missinn youuu
On break bout to take me a quick 30
Going to take a break off of twitter see u in 10min. Be back soon
thinking of the day, that you went away, what a life to take, what a bond to break.
Think I'm going to take a break after all
At work hot as hell , need to take a break !
Justttt Got Off , I'm Finna Cry .  .  . They Worked Me To Death Today ! I Didn't Even Take A Lunch Break . -______-
& baby if u ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say. I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away..
Had to take a break from the north nodes. Needed time to absorb. *opens book and starts again* woooo!
This girl was supposed to take a 15 minute break and she been gone for 30 minutes
Words I hate to hear I think we should take a break
My baby needs to take a nap so I can get a break
My mom decided to take a Facebook break at the Womens Lounge at Normstrom
I just want to take a nap on my lunch break.
Bout to take a long as break from carbondale
ok ok i will take a shower break, twitter get ready to be spammed in like 25 minutes
A heart is a house for love and I learned that out don't take much to break a heart...
Wrong time to take a break sir
Haven't blinked in like an hour... Need to take a break from MW3
&baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say, I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away
&it take 21 days to break a habit so ya'll should Been on ur "new year me me shxt" the beginning of December gtfoh
Smh Niggas Talkin About Sex,How Much They Get,& What They Do But Aint Even Ready To Take Care Of A Kid If The Condom Break,You Aint Ready!
what a life to take, what a bond to break ill be missing you
Let me die in peace.. OR NOT. I could just sleep for a while to take a real break, right? No? Okay. I'll sleep anyways, good night, tweeps.
Big crash again, day after hyperbaric. Might have to take a break from it again. Have not moved most of the day, tweeting extremely hard.
Primer missed put-back dunk allows Biggersville to take a 31-30 lead over Calhoun City boys at the break
At home to take a break & then off to pick up the lil cousin
Time to take a break, and reward myself with good music. :D Lots to do.
Couples pictures are adorable. All couples should take cute pictures. But once you take 10293949 pictures, I think it's time to take a break
one day i want to break inside someones house and just take a huge dump in all there bathrooms.
Ive been wanting to go home for the past six days now. Almost a week of my break completely sucked. Take me home now.
I think I'll go out for a walk today and see where the weather takes me. Perhaps I'll find a tea and cake shop to take a brief break. ^^
time to take a break from college stuff. Pizza time! (:
I just wanna take this time out to throw a slug at my ex cause I see him tweeting ... I HOPE U BREAK UR LEG & CNT PLAY BALL!  OH & FUCK YOU!
bout to take a break and shit.
bABY If you ask me to take a Break i'll give it all away dont care what the ppl say i'll be a MILLION , BILLION , TRILLION Milesss away
I hope this old train  break down, then I can take a walk around n see what there is to see. I need this ol train 2 break down
why did i wait till 6:30 to take a shower, dad? because this is my winter break and i can do whatever i want!
Today's WOD: 4 mile trail run, slackline, Indo board. Forced my self to take a break from surfing & sk8ing.
aint nothing better than kicking back on ya ass bc you know you straight and worked hard enough to take a break
ppl talking about all this change gon do the same shyt Jan. 2nd lol, I give them one day..it take 21 days to break a habit..
Kk you don't have to stay on MY DADS computer . . . Take a break lil cunt !
'You'll be the one to break my heart in two. I'll be the one to take a hit for you'
Give him a fucking break. You cant just take, take and take. Just because you buy his stuff, doesnt give you the right to want all of him.
Had to take a quick break from work to play a round of Twister with the kids ... silly.
I always take a 30 min break when it's only pose to be 15 -__-
New Year's Eve. A time to get drunk, get in our cars and see how many people actually live to see 2012.. Give someone a break, take a cab
I've stared at the computer and worked on coding so much that I have a headache. DH is insisting a break to take me to dinner
Had to take a break frm twitter to gather my thoughts!
Two more days and off to California to take a break and a rest after crazy busy Christmas , checkin out the food trucks and Disney
I'm telln myself imma take a break and watch this movie, but in reality I know I'm about 2 sit here and tear this movie to pieces! lls
I know it was David thorne because he said I should take a break and go to lunch early and that's what it says in the kit kat advert
<---- havent been to practice all week. HAD to take a break.
In the process of downloading XNA while I take a break. Time to get my super nerd on!
Take it easy, that's a little joke..your spirit's easier to break than an egg yolk..sadly for you I take my breakfast order scrambled....
I need to take a break from my thoughts...a nap should work ☺
Sapp needs a pick me up, maybe PA can take a break from hugging Cedric Griffin and give one to Benny!
I'm actually gonna have to take a 30 Minute smoke break lmao, Clap will be on at like 7:30
I want some huge news from Britney 2012. I dont want her to take a break, we need more music
At sonic.. Den back to get my hair finish lol I had to take a break shit um hungry
I've been on break for a half hour, I was only supposed to take a fifteen
I took too many breaks OTL and ate a lot lol I guess I am using eating as an excuse to take a break lol
I AM GOING TO TAKE A SMOKE BREAK BEFORE WE DO THE LARGEST AND THE REST OF THE GEO SECTION IT'S ABOUT TEN PAGES LONG
Be back on line in a few. Had to take a break.
About to take a nap...I mean a "smoke break" btw I don't smoke
Bowt to dip for a minute got to get something to eat so my lurkers you can take a break for a minute
Getting myself all rant-y with this blog post. Time to take a break from that, come back and re-read to see if it sounds insane.
Think i wanna eat a mixed girl out this yr....time to take a much needed break from thd Latinas
Baby if  you ask me to take a break, i'll give it all away dont care what the people say
Suddenly everything is empty,want to take a break from everything and doing nothing
I might be forced to take a 'break' from Twittter :'(
I need to sit down & take a break before I snap someones neck at this bullshit asa place
Before you break you have to shed your armour take a trip & fall into the glitter tell a stranger that they're beautiful
Earl and Pearl y'all know how to get in touch with me, need to take a break for awhile... Happy New Year everybody
I want to take a break this is too much
Ok Its time to take a break from twitter dolls..Tweet you Later :) Muah
If shawty want a $200 date ima take her bungee jumping where it cost $100 each time to jump and hope that cord break the second
Sometimes when im at the gym i just tweet random songs im listening to so i can take a break between sets and to look like people talk to me
I can't make you want to stay, I'll take a shot but it's broken anyway. I still gave it everything, I guess I'll never catch my break.
yappari, its a good idea to take a break from travelling. :D
I wish there was away to take a break from life fa a while.
Well, this was a nice break from my mommy duties. Time to take the kids bowling. BBL
on that note im done ranting and about to take a cam break haha.
To drink 3 nights in a row or to take a break.....hmmm
"And ain't no time to take a break, You gotta break the mold"
Time to take a movie break
Too much on my mind right now, need to take a LONG break.
Thinking of the day when you went away, what a life to take, what a heart to break I'll be missing you.
& baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say, I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away
Looking forward to my first New Years Eve OFF for 12 years!! Ive turned down triple time to take a break from countdown and auld Lang syne!
ii don't know what to say about this , he really takin a break , just so he can take me to get something to eat . (:
I had to take a break form college apps so i'm back on twitter, its so hard to not Arianate for long periods of time!
Shane. Needs. To. Take. A. Motherfucking. BREAK!
Had to take a break from studying....have finals all next week ugh. Think i'll have a beer or two
im about to take a break and get away on a vacation, ill just eat, pray, and wait for my day of revelation
I'm so anxious to kno what happens in the book but I guess ill take a break
I had to take a break on someone's steps...laptop weighs a ton
Glad to take a few days break from governance and Form 4s. Need this weekend to recharge for 10-K/proxy season.
I'll either finish this book tonight or tomorrow, but I need to take a break and rest my eyes. I haven't read so much in a while.
A heart is a house for love and I've learned that it don't take much to break... You gotta build it up (eddie kane voice)
guess i'll try to get to 500 & then take a break for now
Figures... when I want to take a break from drinking, a tenant brings me a bottle of champagne. Ah well, cheers!
So we r on a little road trip...and I give the warning an hour ago that I need to take a potty break...we still havent stopped!
I have more I need to take a break
We provide fully trained professional staff to look after the person you care for while you take a break and enjoy some 'me' time
In a sense, you have to play Saya's route 7 times to get all her endings. I've done 3... and I think I'll take a break now orz
Can't express how good it feels to take a BREAK! Sunshine and relaxation - I've been missing out :)
“@Maserati__E: If shawty want a $200 date ima take her bunjee jumping where it cost $100 each time to jump and hope that cord break" lmfao
think im going to take a break from twitter n everyone. have a good new year and 2012 guys. bye
Sometimes it's a game of give and take, it's easy to break, but hold on and wait, have a little faith.
was cleaning i had to take a break
The doctor said I should take a break from basketball this season and go to physical therapy. D:
It's telling me to take a break and watch How To Train Your Dragon and go to sleep.
If shawty want a $200 date ima take her bunjee jumping where it cost $100 each time to jump and hope that cord break the second
Signing out until Next Year. Have to take a break for year-end. HNY everyone.
i hope katy and russell don't break up i love them both so much i dont need the drama of having to take a side
And baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away
If you don't take care of what you've got, it's going to break, and break a lot.
Sometimes, I like to take a break from life and listen to some T-Pain.
Our minds were meant to sail. Take a rest from our thoughts and a break from this world
Im going to take a Twitter break if I get any more pissed off.
aare we done beefin ? cause imy . but sometimes we have to take a break , is theBreak over ?
This fat chick just asked her friend if she wanted to go take a smoke break while they were working out *smacks forehead*
And baby if you can ask me to take a break .i’ll give it all away, don’t care what the people say..
Pandora still blasting. Just finished writing a 8 page story for my Pooh. Guess I'll take a break and go find something to eat.
Take a quick break and back to editing I go.
Sometimes it is good just to take a break.
Gotta take a break tired of insulting idiots who are too damn dumb to realize it.
..baby you can ask me to take a break I’ll give it all away, don’t care what the ppl say
now i take a quick break to eat
I need to take a break from packing and moving so I can enjoy this New Year
After about 120 hours, I am finally at a point where I am ready to take a long break from Skyrim. On to more of my unplayed games...
Most of my break is going to be spent waiting for my food. I'm gonna take a nap on the floor next to front counter.
Finally closed my laptop, need to take a looooooong break and sleep.
I heard Naoki Urusawa had a breakdown and had to take a six month break before coming back and finishing it, so he, at least agrees with me.
On my 15 min break about to take a 30...hahaha
Bout to take a freaking personal break....
Trying to take mines im like a direktor ima cut and let em take 5 like is break Time
What a life to take what a bond to break ill be missing you!<333333
ok tweeties time for me to take a smoke break I'll be back stay tuned
The world tried to break me. I found a road to take me home. :)
Im da only mf at my job that take his break in the middle of the store stretched out in a lawn chair vibin to music with my work vest on lol
Spearing was so much better than Adam today - needs to sit his ass down and take a break to get back in form. Or maybe he just needs Lucas.
Its time to take a break and eat some food, kick my feet up and watch tv and then back to work.
Let's take a chance and live this fantasy, cause everybody needs to break free from reality.
I think we need to take a break till next year
I have majority of that work done now I am going to take a break my head is spinning Lol
When u leave a dungeon, and ur ex clients go through this period where they take a break and ponder what new Mistress they are going to see
I take it personal when quirky couples break up-u know those the world already said they weren't going to last? Such a shame man. Y people?
I need to take a break from this game... Omg it's addicting. Time for MW3 now!
Bout to take a break an go get some food.
And that just adds on to it... I really need to just lose my phone for a week or so, take a break fr
Had to take a smoke break niggas was bout to get shot. Smh
“@_BamTheBeauty: “@DFWDIPLOMAT: Back on full time with Universal come the first .. :)”| that's good !”had to take a break but I'm ready !!!
A heeaaarrrrtT is a house for loooove and i've learned (and i've leeaarrrrned) that it dont take much to break a heeaaaarrtttt
This bitch is so lazy...you can't just fickig take your break when there's a shit ton of things to do!!
I need a break from life, emotions and struggles. I have alot of things I'm trying to juggle. I'm going to take one. See you when I'm back.
I think people confuse "I want to take a break" with "I never want to talk to you again."
Had to take a break from twitter to finish my gma laundry..fix lunch n clean up..smh
Have to take a break from wedding day on TLC getting ready for family night out in Jackson.#Ohyeah
It's cool to take a break ea once in a while
Two and a half hours of painting... Time to take a break.
Making jewelry till my hands are literaly bleeding....time to take a break??
Baby if you asked me to take a break, I'd give it all away, don't care what them people say...be a million, billion, trillion miles awayyyyy
- but baby if u ask me to take a break ill give it all the way Dont care what ppl say ;)
Stop everything you're doing and take the time to have a Praise Break for JESUS!!!!!!!
im hoping to get 2 more cranked out tonight so I can take a break for the weekend and get back on the grind monday!
I think I'll take a break from Twitter I got a life to live....lol
Idk why I came out here to take a break.. I been breaking all day.. Prolly cause its beautiful outside..
what a life to take what a bond to break ill be missing you
You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am..go on and try to tear me down, but just warning you, I AM A SKYSCRAPER
i'll be at take a break until what's going to end up being closing so someone had better come visit me & matttt
We need to take a break(vrerb)- your still together its just when your spouse is watching how faithful youll be when yall aren't talkin, ...
I want to take a break from these social networks one day .
Ever wish you smoked just to have an excuse to take a cigarette break?
in 2012 i'd really like for Adele and Zooey Deschanel to take a break. they're everywhere!! you're suffocating me!
Consetta Been Tweeting Since I Woke Up , She Need To Take A Break !
Glad to take a break from behind the wheel
Ppl must not take me too seriously. I'm going to take a break from political tweets. ONE LOVE :)
Need to cleanse. Need to take a break from LES
My shoulders were killing me today at work I had to take a break usually I don't
I might take a nap today man I'm tired. Luckily I still got 2 weeks of break left. I'll be back to sleeping in til 3 every day
I havent talked to anyone from school except 1 person. I take a break from those people too.
Like seriously u take another damn break on my damn head im about to get verbal in a min!!
.@theformerMissy I'm pretending to work so I can take a break from my honey-do list. Good news: treadmill upstairs. Bad news: dent in wall
My boss told me I could take my 15 break whenever I want bc he trusts me. So I took a 40 minute one instead. Teach me to be responsible!
IM BOUT TO TAKE A BREAK !
I need to find a job when I get back to gboro asap so I work & take spring break off have money in pocket & continue working
Baby you can ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say.
Nothing like a Nintendo game to make you feel bad about playing for more than 15 minutes at a time. No, Navi, why don't YOU take a break...
thinking of the day when you went away, what a life to take, what a bond to break. i'll be missing you.
laptop 3llg maybe its a sign to take a break? Wila jalsa al3b 3la nfsy :p
Bout to take a lil break and run to the mall to find a jacket since I wrk all day 2morrw
Angry birds makes my blood pressure go up. I need to take a break from it lol
Bout to take a tweet break
I just need to take a break
So I take a quick break from wrapping and Dallas decides to lay right where I was doing so, right inzgF
He can take you out to dinner and look like a playa but ima break you off good up in the elevator..
if u ask me to take a break ill give it all away
Okay twitter I'm gonna have to take a break. Your blatant denial of racism and subsequent inability to be a tool for discussion is stupid
Sometimes it's a game of give and take. It's easy to break but hold on and wait. Have a little faith!
-baby if you ask me to take a break, i'll give it all away, dont care what the people say, i'll be a million billion trillion miles away ♥
Metaphorically, we take flight whenever we break free of the gravity that holds us to a particular way of thinking or feeling or being.
I was on it this morning! Had to take a break but i got some more in me
"Sometimes life isn't all its cracked up to be so let's take a chance and live this fantasy cause everyone needs to break free from reality"
Time to take a break from Misfits so I can watch Thor and cry over how much I love Loki
The world tried to break me, I found a road to take me home. There ain't nothin' but a blue sky now. :)
Well.....Winston is sick, Marjory is sick, and dear sister-in-law is very sick.  I am going to take a break and mountain bike thru Portland.
I need to take a nice shopping day in Columbia before this break is over
Emailed my afternoon away. Time to take a small break then game plan for micromanaging my first quarter of 2012.
How much pain does it take to break a heart if a heart could break.
I think I'm gonna take a nap until he goes on break... these folk need to hurry up tho
break from work bout to take a nap!
i cant even type properly, im making tons of mistakes everywhere i writeLOL definitely time to take a break and go watch telly with my dog X
had to take a break from smoking need that j o b lol
decided to take a break today from swtor. will play again tomorrow
I've been more or less off the internet for the last week. It's nice to take a break every so often. New video exporting now though.
Rih in 2012 you need to relax and take a break.
Baby you can ask me to take a break. I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
you can take everything I have you can break everything I am go on & try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper
“@MIMI_FiASSco: Might have to go take a quick  break” pass the dutche pon the left.
I need to take a trip to the mall before break is over. I care.
Ma, take it break lemme explain to you, what your body got a young boy ready to do
pretty impressed with myself didnt feel tired enough to take a break XD
Just when I was about to take a break I get sent to twitter jail. FML !
But really babe if you asked me to take a break ... I'll give it all away ... don't care wht the ppl say .. (:
Man I wanted to take a female ice skating ,to the snow nd hella cute shit this break but guess not maybe in my next life
Finished my Latin project...bout to take a break for a snack then start on my Lit project .
had to take a break from playing basketball with my brothers. that shit was killing me. lol.
Time to take a break.
Might have to go take a quick  break
Had to take a break from that damn HW.
"but baby if you asked me to take a break i'll give it all away don't care what the people say"
My mom would take a day off on my break. I want to be home alone!
Then I pimp a hoe, take a bitch to Berlin. Bitch break niggas, after that we fuck they girlfriends. My girl got a girlfriend.
Only 5 months till I finish college. It's going to be good to take a break from education.
I CLEARLY need to learn how to take a break! Off work and STILL running! How'd that happen?!
Almost done cleaning but I haven't ate breakfast so I'm going to take a break & cook something for my Brother & Me! .- Victor :)
I aint made my way to the downtown area yet. I had to take a lil break from visiting ppm b/c I got strep throat. @BadAsIWannaBRI_
Gonna take a break from 3D gaming and do some cardio to M-Pro!
Then I had niggas calling and texting me man I need to take a break sometimes to you kna
just because i decided to take a break for a day my mom thinks i have no friends lol she asked me y wasnt i out getting drunk and partying
you might as well kick your feet up and take a break. go to bed.
if uu ask me to take a break ill give it all away dont care what ppl say
I think I'll take a break from listening to the Soul Surfer soundtrack and go watch the movie for the millionth time.
I wanna take a road trip....fuck it spring break im drivin to florida....7 hrs -__- shit.....
We had to take a lil food break but back to winter wonderland we goo (:
Well i am going to take a break from the internet for a few days...I will be back on Tuesday though i decided.
Wasps take a 9 point into the break. B Deuce on pace to shoot the trey.
Twitter be too active sometimes. Sometimes I just gotta take a five minute break to breathe, lol.
I like how my manager just forced me to take a break during my 5 hour shift because he knew I was hungry.
Pose to take a 15 break. But I'm bout to hit dat 30.....
I thought u could neva tweet to much , but sumbody on my TL tweets for 24hours straight . I mean daaamnn . Take a bathroom break or sumthin
Oh, I listen to your stories. I smile when you take a break.
I feel as if i need to take a break from twitter today!! *shrugs*
But baby if you ask me to take a break ill give it all away
I want to drive into the middle of nowhere and take a break from this
I really need to take a break from my parents. I'm really not a fan of the holidays.
Finally got 5mill+ on Temple Run last night. Time to take a break from it
Back from my power nap, now bout to take me a break! Shit, they might as well let me go home! Start FRESH Tuesday!
Such a pretty day! Took a break from work to take a walk outside.
I really wanted to take a family photo this winter break. We are due for a new one
My mother just told me that she wants me to take a break from her & she doesn't want me back over to the house. .ok fossy.
I'm ready take a lunch break I did to much work today its time to slow down
i think, i need to take a break.....................
I need to take a smoke break
Almost done w/ Morrison's Bat-run. Can't wait to take a break from the serials & dive into some graphic novels, starting w/ Brian Wood.
Sad thing about it, i will forget it in the next two weeks . And it's going to take more than a peach drop for me to break a habit ..
Baby you can ask me to take a break I’ll give it all away, don’t care what the people say .
I'm thinking of going to Australia tonight. Then on 12/31, take a flight back to LAX. I could break time conundrums!
This random customer just told me to take a break.... So...i guess i will lmao
O Is For That Overtime Im Puttin’ In, .We’ll Go For Hours Take A Break && Go At It Again, .Girl I Work My Way From A All The Way To Z...
They say I don't deserve to take a break, you rather see me catch a case & watch my future fade away.
.baby you can ask me to take a break ill give it all away, dnt care what the pple say ill be a million, billion, trillions miles away.!
; Baby you can ask me to take a break I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
What a life to take, what a bond to break. I'll be missing you.
When you need to take a break. . .and self medicate.
Me too guh , had to take a break of all this practicin
Quick break from shopping to let the boys and Nik take a nap while I watch football....and probably nap too
Been Beating Ass In MW3 Since 7 Am 26 Game Win Streak With My Fam. We Had To Stop And Take A Break From Smackin Niggas All Day.
Ok, I swear now I'm going to take a break... ;)
me& my boyfriend decided to take a break.! & i decided to play on his phone.! LMFAO
Been Driving All Day ! Time To Take A Break
Sometimes you have to just breath and move on. It's better sometimes to take a break and come back when your mind is less clouded.
It is 2pm. I am JUST getting to take a lunch break. So much for my plans. *sobs hysterically*
Money never make a man, a man never break his word, a man never take the stand, a man that believe in hisself ain't scared to take a chance.
they tell me to take a break, I'm like Nigga are you Gay!!
Painting in NO freakn Joke. I'm so ready to take a break. Lol
I feel like deactivating everything online,need to take a break from the internet..it's stupid.
I don't smoke but I feel like I need to take a smoke break!! lol
"@Busi_Tee: Take all the time u need to heal. Moving on doesn't take a day. It takes a lot of little steps to be able to break free."
Although didn't Katy say that she wants to take a break and start a family? *awks*
me and devon got four more pots to wash and we take bout we take a 20 min break
I think im going to take a twitter/tumblr/facebook break for a few days.
Some ppl need to take a break from twitter. They no longer know the boundaries between what should b tweeted & what needs to b kept to self
My step dad said he about to cook -_- he gone come home and break me off so I can cook while he take a nap smh
I Think I Want To Get My Real Shit Done Nd Take A Break From These Tracks
It takes years to build my trust, but if you break it in a few seconds it will take forever to repair.
baby if you ask me to take a break , i'll give it all away . don't care what the people say .
My fingers are burning!!!I need to take a break!!!
I am sooooooooo not in the mood to finish this book. What's the whole point of winter break if I cant take a BREAK from all this schoolwork?
Bout to eat take a hr break then back to the $$$ at 5
Just got to work and I already want to take a break!
Take a break from it all and treat yourself to some winter sun. You can save up to 20% on holidays taken in January 2012!...
I got like 4 sections shaded right now... I think I can take a break to play some bf3(;
trying to take a decent photo. HAHAH who am i kidding. i break mirrors with my face.
I got the urge to take a "break" and wash my hair and use this new conditioner and blow dryer I got 
It would take a lot to break down my will . . ALOT . Nobody would be able to do that .
when a girl says "we need to take a break" that means your either too boring or too needy
Last thing I need is for the bus driver to take a break at Wilson st.
I'm about to take a break and get away on a vacation.
Your Just A Silhouette Of A Perfect Women Cause You Take Me Higher Than I Have Ever Been Just To Break Me Down Into A Thousand Pieces .
I had to take a break cuz I was being bitchy like a lil child who haven't had any sleeep .
Katy Perry was taking a break of the music this year to spend time w/ Russell. So does that means she isn't going to take a break anymore?
“@MsRobynLynne: Working two jobs can really drain you out at times” yes it can but u gotta do what u gotta do just know when to take a break
started tweeting every since i got up  nd i havnt eaten i need to take a break
I need to finish ms smith packet then I can take a break
“@J_luvzU_90: its always good to take a break from the usual”
I need to take a T break, seriously
its always good to take a break from the usual
Niggas so fake needa take a break just to practice real smdh
It's on beautiful days like today that I'm reminded to take a break and enjoy life.
Katy was supposed to take a year-long break from music because of Russell........oh shit, she's not taking a break then? NOOOOOOOOOO
"@BillyByarugaba: A pretty gal and a chance to break the rules....I take it!!!" <<==== I will pay the bail...go go go!!
But baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all awayyy
BABY YOU CAN ASK ME TO TAKE A BREAK ILL GIVE IT ALL AWAY DNT CARE WADD DA PPL SAY
Had to take a break from cleaing that disaster
I will cont i had to take a lil smoke break
I'm ready to go I can't take to much of this house, I need a break .
I am going to finish all this art in the next few days then take a break from the internet to focus on myself and get in shape.
my legs are in painnnn ! i may have to take a break from the gym tomorrow ... or do some upper body workouts
We are going to take a break on posting. Happy New Year!
Its crazy you can actually get to a point where you cant get high no more . thats why ima take a break .
I had to take a break but back to these hoes mane !
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
She was going to take a two year break to settle down. I still hope she takes a two year break, if indeed they are getting divorced.
ohk I'm outta hiding I had to take a break from the world ...
Going to take a break from living in Wuthering Heights and take a trip across the Pennines to watch Coronation Street
Does a new keurig take some time to break in? It has some funky flavor every time we have a cup of coffee.
JUST CAN'T CATCH A FUCKING BREAK!!!!! Why the fuck does this shit all happen to me! I can't fucking take this shit anymore! Fck!
take all your big plans and break em', this is bound to be a while.
Baby you can ask me to take a break I'll give it all away, dont care what people say I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away
Baby if you ask me to take a break ....
I need to take a nap. My life had been crazy this break! No time for myself.
i know you thought i`d break your heart apart but its you i want to take a part >3
Welcome to thailand. Let's take a break : )
Its Aite to take a break every once in while...
im going to take a break from this so called packing aka me making a mess and go eat something
Maybe I should take a break from the clubs !! (LIKE THATS EVER GOING TO HAPPEN) !!
On break, bored & full. I wish i had time to take a nap.
I hope teachers aren't expecting me to do any work. Seriously. It's called vacation for a reason. To take a BREAK from school.
Time to take a break from cleaning and eat some white cheddar KD.
At work so ready to take a break and have some lunch!! cant even focus!
Had to take a break from doing mommy hair b/c I feel sick
I've counted like 9 thousand tally marks :( I need to take a break and paint my nails haha
Bout to take a break from twitter :-* mention me while im gone
It's going to take a few hours to do my hair because ima start then take a break, do my hair then go eat , back to my hair and repeat .
Sheeesh, I need to take a break  going to eat some breakfast.
Baby you can ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say. I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
All I want is a Starbucks frap right now. That's it. It would be the highlight of my break if my mom would take me, but she has to work:(.
Daamn wat happen to my 30 smh only got a 15 min break ima take longe tho cuz ima boss aha
Kinda Busy At Work Today. Had To Take A Break Today. Needed A Break From The Special People. Some People Just So Slow!!!!
i havent been able to just sit around the house in a while .. feels good to finally just take a break
People who try to take shit back after a break up<
Had to take a lil break. My ass was hurting.
So far this break I've learned not to take things for granted and appreciate what I have. I'm such a happier person now.
I wish my car would hurry up so I can walk to go get it.. take a break from all this stupid work!
baby if you ask me to take a break , i'll give it all away.... don't care what the people say  <3
Seeing Beliebers take a trend and making it have to do with Justin. Like bitch, give it a break.
It's Supposed to be BREAK! <-- Mean chill at home have fun and take a break from work and school! uqhhh
Welll, Baby if ya ask me to take a break. I'lll give it all away don't care what them people sayy.
New Years resolution is to jus grind 100% a the time, I ain't got time to take break ne more..
I NEED a break BUT I don't wanna take 1 ... I need to woosah before I snap
ok its a new year....but bad habits are hard to break! its gone take you this whole year to go through with you resolutions tho "/
Okay have to take a break and run some errands
Su pose to take a one hour break ,,, okay ma break foi 12or ,, min tin plania pa bai tra bek wa!!
Let's take a chance and live this fantasy. 'Cause everybody has a chance to break free from reality.<3
For those who work out and not make the holidays an excuse to take a break, you deserve a pat on the back. Dedication leads to results!
Time to start thinking about a new years resolution that will probably take me all of a week to break!
hoes are being rt'd on my TL time to log off and take a break !!!
How do u deliver a fridge , break it then proceed to take your time to try to fix it?
Should we take a break.? We've got so much at stake. Too delicate to choose cause either way we lose
And if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away don't care what them people say be a million billion trillion miles away <3
A real man ask me to take a break I'll give it all away in don't care what people say
About to take a mean 45 min lunch break.
But Ima take a break from my reading to watch The View with my momma (:
Ok time to take a break. Think I'll watch a movie on sky. Gulliver's travels or Paul??
It is good to take a break from exercise... last time I worked out was on Saturday. I'm not going to work out until next week Thursday.
as soon as I take a break from social networks, I don't even wanna go back to them.
Cleaning up the house bout to take a small chronic break
What a life to take, what a bond to break
