Baseball is too much of a sport to be called a business, and too much of a business to be called a sport.  ~Philip Wrigley
Too much beauty in the world to focus on the pain...the pleasure is in the journey and what you gain along the way.
In too much pain.. Dk where this coming from..
Woke up right next to my handsome nephew... Welp, ant really sleep cuz too much shit on my mind.. Church later i need to talk to my Father
I spend too much time falling stupid for the wrong damn ppl..
All I want in 2012 is 2 have a nice stress free year, no heartache(LOL), and successful year and to meet new ppl :)...is that too much 2 ask
Im not even gone lie..i was playin waayy too much last nite
NYE is always a let down because there's too much pressure to have fun
too much to do in no time..
my nephew just told me, his butt hurts bc he pooped too much 0_o TMI .. lmaoo
I won't cry too much lol
I've been playing with this jailbreak way too much. Changes lives. That's what iPhones do. Change lives.
Back at the house. Had too much fun last night in downtown Raleigh.
I laugh too much tonight omg
HT losing 1-0, don't think we've done too much wrong, more of the same will see us right. Pennant outstanding, Wilko and Palacios also good.
I've had too much wake-me-up to just be setting here right now!
We got too much food!! Come over!!! Hahaha!! Happy Happy New Year!
“@DAGREATEST_ALI soooo much too do gotta get my ass up n off twitter”
Too much energy on FB. Coz I'm alone at home now. With my dog. Who is sleeping and ignoring me as usual.
Too Much I Even Stood Up "@Meekayla_Ray: The last performance was on point RT"@MsCebo: Magnificent Dancing On So You Think You Can Dance""
.i just love yhu too much....fukk...
Sungjong like those emoji too much alr! Kekeke
I would just like to have one day where I do not have to talk about certain things! Just one is that too much to ask for?
Fxck it, I text her too much
Virgos think too much, pro and con.
but I really hate packing though ..... & that's for any type of packing . it's too much work .
Too Much On My Mind...
Ay you wanna go there bc I swear you ain't gone like me too much
Too much rain but we don't care..
This is too much driving
Lawd my la brother in this car crying too much
I can't stop, I won't stop... Neva too much, neva too much money!!!
I kinda wanted to go to new York today but its too much people
"@sta_ceee: Due to how me belly full!" Nyam too much mon
Got too much on my mind to go to sleep..
I talk too much. .Back to work. .Bye.
Too much is running through my mind I hate it.
Ahahaha i think too much^^
Happy New Year Everyone! Don´t party too much ;D
I want to hear some good music today! Is that too much to asl
I expected too much . I knew it wasn't going too happen . It was too good to be true
I ain't even worried about what happened right after the party anymore foreal. At all ; got too much on my plate that is gonnah be problems
Is twitter over capacity? Y'all doing too much
My mother spends too much time on facebook. Intervention, anyone?
I'm getting ready for a night of watching 40 year old people drink too much.
I thought so much of you too people but look how things turned out ?
Aight Twitter. You doing too much.
soooo much too do gotta get my ass up n off twitter
It's never been like me to be into someone as much as you.. And I'm not asking for too much, I deserve more than what I want..
Too much Goose lastnite , I need some water ...
I'd rather stay in and eat. Too much smoke.
I procrastinate way too much
The commercial is too much for my life.
Some people have too much hate in their heart. Especially for a person who "doesnt care"
Av been shelling too much! Dats a bad way to end  D̶̲̥̅̊ year! :(
Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much"."
Diaphram still spasms after 4 days, wtf is happening to me?! Too much stress I guess
RT:"@GabrielJantell: -don't have too much of anybody that im letting go .. i already did that months and moths ago !!"
My own sef don too much
I wasn't gonna get up, but all my people are up making too much noise in the kitchen.
Vermaelen needs to try and keep the width a little more, playing too much like a CB
ehhhh too much stuff
My iPhone case is literally falling off piece by piece. Dropped too much, ya say?
Fuuck...pies winning away!! Its all too much
Trying to go back to sleep but there's way too much on my mind for that...
Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much"
U want me to need u want me to hug u want me to stay on ur side u want too much from me and ur acting like u love me!
When did Honesty become TOO MUCH to ask for?????? Goodmorning
Too much Christmas pud affecting didcot town fc
Cabs are prob gon be free tonight... yall GOTTA be careful... yall mean too much to me!!
Too much tinkering ..
Ain't nobody finna do too much changing so plz don't tweet about it
Funny, but I'm get scared of firework sounds. These new year euphoria is just little bit too much.
Saying "hello?" when you answer the phone seems weird when you think about it too much...
As the year ends the emptiness without RS is too much but if I could've I would've told her that life is not the same without you,
Too much food.
People rely too much on others. They get comfortable w someone&once they're gone, completely forget how to live wout them.
This feel won't go away no matter how much I want it too
I think i took too much medicine in the past 16 hours .
I've been through too damn much in 2011 for you to let me
Ou alors si le mot "dick" remplacait "swag" ..exemples: check my dick, I'm dicked out, I got so much dick, got too much dick for yall..etc.
I just want to sleep all day, is that too much to ask for?
Tyga refers to grandmas too much
An hour left in 2011 :( I love you so so so so much,2011.. Too much good memories.
Too much memories in 2011. bitter or sweet, down or up , sad or happy.. I'll never forget it
Why do i feel tat everyone in front is like act act one? Like too much sia...
This lady tan a lil too much smh
2011 - Hard work and too much bad news in 12 months for me, thank the lord for my little family
Too much boom booms ! Andaming usok sa labas >.< JAMLIFOR2012
Giving up on getting ready & watching Doctor Who. Definitely been spending too much time with Jake & his family ;)
I think texts will be delivered late due to, too much people sending out text at 12am. That happens every year
Drunk absolutely too much last night!!
I really don't ask for much so when people act like what I do ask for is too much <<<<
Too much time has been wasted in my past , this new year I'm utilizing every second I got for the good, wow you people don't know ....
I think I took too much cough syrup ....
there is not much you'll learn, if you are too stubborn... but when you are stubborn too little, there is not much new you will create...
I made no resolutions for the New Year.  The habit of making plans, of criticizing, sanctioning , is too much of a daily event for me.
This lady is being aggy now. Y u Watching me pick out my daughters clothes. She keep sayin " u kno she got too much clothes" like bye!
I can't kill you... Because you too much fun! -Joker-
Trinidad pizza does taste way better. Dem American does put too much of cheese it to heavy. And is so Chris like it? Dem American mad weh.
Because, you're just too much fun
Roll on 2012. So much to look forward to look forward too :D
Can't see this goin on for too much longer....:-/
Pissed DQ put too much salt on my fries
You Dont Know How Much You Mean Too ME.!
“@ispeakfemale Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".”
I can't hear because somebody is making too much noise.
these ppl have too much time
Yukkkssss... I just ate the WORST Sushi ever in my lifeeeeee... This game is too much.....=________=
Is it too much to ask for officials to caution the correct player after an incident? Martin Atkinson can't seem to manage it.
Damn yo I ate too much . My stomach's turning on me =(
HAPPY NEW YEAR TOO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!! YOU ARE AWESOME!!  Much love in 2012 ♥♥
My schedule is too much to thingking
Brianna talk too damn much in the morning. Bitch, stfu!!
definitely tweet about my pets too much....
You know you have had too much ale when your still shaking like a smackhead at 4pm the next day
I use far too much hair spray!
Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".
I want to thank all of my 118 followers. My goal was to get 100 by the end of the year, and even that seemed too much...but we did it!!  :D
Tweetdeck pun pandai overloaded! Hahaa. Too much about new year..
I just wanna relax today!! Way too much partying in the past 2 days.. Bringing in the new year calm
Did my best to lighten the atmosphere.. But frankly it was unneccesary...Sighh.. Mayb I shouldnt talk too much...
Doing too much = me last night
Damn, I ate way too much#fuckfood
Today has gone far too quick! I have so much I still need to do
Spurs are really starting to annoy me :-|, too much attention on Man City! They need to be stopped
Work is going quite quick, just ate a lot of mcdonalds. Too embarrassed to reveal how much.
I guess it is too much to ask to play the game I purchased almost three weeks ago.
RVP aint going to score that record goal....too much pressure
I'm doing too much.... paint on my nails chipn already!
I honestly care too much
Twitter is over capacity. I know. It's always! Too much user.
plankton play too much !
All I want for my birthday is some snow... is that too much to ask?
Got SOo Much Shxx too Do Today !!
I don't want to go to work!! But I call in too much and I need money. :\
Too much to do today. The best month of the year is almost over:(
Twitter is doin too much
Things aint like they use to be. Ppl get drunk & act a FOOL! Smh i value my life & my safety too much!
well my twitters broken.... momma said not to play with it too much or I'd go blind? I said mom.. I'll just do it till I need glasses .
Never can have too much boooooze
is it really too much to ask to just be acknowledged?
God, my night has deteriorated into watching Genesis clips. Hello 2012! I would spare you the details, but I've said too much.
black pants are such a bitch sometimes. attracts too much lint
Okay, look here twitter..... I wont take too much more of this malfunctioning
I just want one day off. Is that too much to ask?
I'm pretty sure i love my car too much
1st class will be my new resolution for next year....is it too much...:p
Younger women don't excite me too much. .I enjoy a woman with a car. .their own place. .their own life plan in place
you have a Facebook account for your pet? dude you have too much free time..
"Mom can u massage me?" "No you drink too much melyssa"
So, my ma was just tellin my lil bro he can't watch "FridayAfterNext" cuz it too much for him & he gone get mad & so now he in TROUBLE
Some of the twitter names I see are just too much.
Can you love sombody too much
Done with New Years..... Always the same. Happy New Year everyone! I'm keen to go to bed and sleep forever. Hahaha too much drama.... Ha!
Ugh my leg muscles are sooo sore, PAUSE.  Too much dancing in heels last night.
PARTY AT YANNA HOUSE! “@MamaYanniPooh Thats why Im not going out tonite too much shit going on safe at home party at my own shit rt”
Way too much drama in football. Lazy and overpaid. Bring back the Vinnie Jones days. Too much rolling around on the grass, and complaining.
I hadn't been down my old way in a minute , last night was just what I needed :) I had too much fun .
Is $20 too much for the club?!?! If u are a female?!?!
I have soo much too do today  ..
Too much unforgetable momment on 2011, maybe it can teach me. Goodbye 2011 :')
Cleaning these lil boys room..syrus got me listening to mindless behavior smh he is too much
Did my best to lighten the atmosphere.. But frankly it was of no help or use.. Sighh.. Mayb I shouldnt talk too much..
Hope everyone going out tonight stay safe and don't drink too much! It will be check points and the pigs will b out heavy!
Ace is having too much fun this morning..took it upon himself to get all his toys out and play lol
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of.
Me? Sarcastic? Of course not! I'm much too ditzy to grasp the subtleties of mockery. :-)
Something is highly wrong with twitter this morning. Too much capacity? You better send my tweet!
I don't read between lines too much. Was there something I missed? How about you just tell me.
Love playing Fam Feud too much
"@fuckYouBIOTCH: My sister shuldna had no baby!! She stay in the club & streets too much."stfu im a good mom what's one day out the week
Wishing you all a very Happy New Year. Remember to be safe out there & please don’t drink and drive. Life is much too precious.
No New Year's resolution shall commence. The habits of planning, criticizing, and remolding my life are too much of a daily event for me.
Theres too much ppl i wanna greet>_<
Have a good new year everyone! Don't drink too much! <3
I dream about working.. not cool. I actually work too much I don't need to dream about it too..
Maybe saying influenced was a little too much. but ! drizzy made him step his game up . Bet!
I spend too much time in sunglasses hit.
Not too excited about new years bc I have to work and I'm no party animal sooooo yea! All the holidays pretty much suck 2011! Btw gm lol
I hate when I wanna cry aloud but can't... spent too much time learning to hold it in... :(
I spend way too much time winning imaginary arguments in my head
Mom you told me to get up, and i did. Now you're asking me to get ready? Thats too much to ask for.
I don't need them anyway too much drama
New year's eve morning at the gym. Going to be so crowded with people I've never seen doing too much cardio.
How is he still alive and smoking this much? He rolls his own cigarettes too.
I act like I don't give a fuck bcos I care too much.
I got too much to do to fall back to sleep.  Ugh! I can take a nap later maybe.
Twitter be trippen too much!
My new year hope: go to korea, watch b2t concert, stay a night at their dorm, have they as my friends *too much dreaming*
Seems like asking to do stuff with you're mates tonight is too much. At least spurs are making me feel better
Doing stuff is too much effort
Dear neighbors, not too much fireworks please thankyou -__-
now-a-days there's too much ignorance and not enough respect...
If u did not add to my life there's no reason for me to keep u around and that's for anyone...no time for the bs...too much going on
lol awh, there's too much commotion at my house so my kitty's hiding under the bed with really big eyes
Guna miss my family too much..
"@BougieRabbit: 2011 Im so HAPPY 2 see u go!! U gave me 2 much heartache...GOOD RIDDENS!!" Me too!
I care too much & don't want to let this GO !
its too much going on tonite * i cant even think straight !
Is everybody else's Siri saying "There's something wrong. Try again" too? Paid way too much for her to be on vacation
I going back malaysia Liao sia :( pls don't miss me too much.
"@AJBlive: Too much time wasted emotionally on things that couldn't stop Me. What was I thinking? What am I waiting for?" > So true bro.
This is too fckin much.
I chew my phone case too much, need to stop
new year.. new me? - naaah, I like me too much.
Im gonna start deleting people on fb, have too much friends
“@SoLuckyChar: I was trippin lastnight lol but had too much fun” <--- you always make me laugh wit ur dances lol
Man its been too Much going on n our family!!
It takes way too much energy to be Vindictive.
The word "Cute" has been used far too much, like a trigger happy COD noob. This needs to stop in 2012.
I've been thinking too much of you.
i love trot way too much...idek
<~~ also“@MyPotnaB .....I don't feel good. I think I drank too much”
I said I wasn't going to cry writing this letter but I'm too much of a crybaby for that to ever happen. There's too many bottled up feelings
Twitter doing too much this morning -__-
I'm extra talkative this morning and annoying the crap out of my fam. Too much coffee :)
I never cared too much for love (:
Got my Foundations of Courage!  Avoidance is looking much better, and my mastery got bumped up, too.  They're perfect for me.  :D
Too much eating and beer Щ(ºДºЩ)
Whenever I attempt to tidy my room, I realize that I have too much stuff and not enough room for it all, ffs.
I think had too much haha.
Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much. ;)
GOOD NIGHT! AND HAPPY NEW YEAR!!^^ sigh twitter lagging too much...it would be lucky if i could get this across
Have been watching too much football lately
I wish I can vent on fb. But Noooo! I have too much family members on there -_-
Too much people celebrate new year in twitter. Bahaha.
. Ima too much to handle at times , I know --
I never call out my job to easy and I get paid wayyy too much to be missing out just to hang out lol
O_o I seen a bumble bee and a fly... Is it really that hot today?! They doing too much. Go back in hiding.
Where is mine??"@follyIV: Stuffed. Too much food :&"
Thats , too much .
too much rage over so little don't you think? the LQS just isn't worth the trouble >.>
Too much love songs on my iTunes…
For a 6 year old Nathan know wayyyyy too much lol
I wasn't paying too much attention when I play this video and play with tumblr in another tab..then suddenly Kyu's voice burst out all -c-
Quad biking in Tunisia. Oh my days. Frigging amazing. Caught too much jokes. I'm so muddy. Lol excited for new years tonight. Looks amazing.
aint no way pretty ricky should have be on webbie radio on pandora. they play too much .
OK without giving too much away, I am going to need a lightweight packable waterproof for running in the mountains. Any suggestions?
Never too much money *in my Gucci voice*
made WAY too much NYE celebration foods.. ate hardly any of it.. hard to snack yourself stoopid while playing intricate board games..
This man talk too much now!
All I wanted for my birthday was a yoyo. But that's too much hassle.
So I do too much ? Okay
I think I might just be watching too much disney channel
I cant put myself to throw away college work. That shit cost too much to just pitch. Lol y'all do The same??
I was going to drastically cut my hair today but then I realized I enjoy bragging about my flawless ponytail too much. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
<-- new avi but I don't think I like it too much.
There's just too much that time can not erase.
“@TigerLily_72: 15 Year without you. Miss you too. I Love You So Much Daddy <3”-> take care barb!!!
ok, this Baby is doing a little too much Kicking!!! lol
.....I don't feel good. I think I drank too much
Too much smoke I'm gonna get a sore throat
OMG my ВB contacts send Too much New Year Broadcast I'm sick of it. ><
Wow Loick Essien has a very beautiful voice...just shows how too much autotune can hide someones true voice.
Too much people logged into twitter, twitter should have a bigger capacity server.
Too much has happened this year lots good and some bad ... Next year will be better (y)
Do I use caps too much?
I say 'ha' too much
We both enjoyed Sherlock Holmes very much. I only got told off for giggling once too which is good for me.
Too much traffic my friend!!!OMW to my friend's pad opposite burj khalifa, tallest xmas tree in the planet
this is the most fucking really really fuck too much worst new year ever
I dont wait around for ppl too much but when i do i get annoyed!
Oh my… Eaten too much… Again pleurghh feeling fat, like a slug…Slow, lifeless and just flabby…Someone just roll me onto a treadmill ahah
Loving PTA but these wasps are too much.
Im too much for some people.
I've learned waay too much abt myself and others this year!
Everyone, have a safe and wonderful New Year's Eve. Don't get in too much trouble.
Arsenal better score, too much wine is being consumed. By me, I mean. Ok, there's the whistle.
Dont know whether to straighten my hair or is that too much effort lol
Ssshhh...too much liquor last night...smh
Too much pressure ti be the DD: make sure everyone is still breathing, still have their belongings, designated safely.
Too much people online for new year.
I slob way too much when im sleep do dey make medicine for dat?
So far I think this daejun is the most diverse but it has too much camera n mic issues
I sneezed too much >.< now nose block !! Very uncomfortable :(.
Willy wonks's dad was doing too much.
The short black police officer was doing too much! He kept running bck && forth like it was a fight or somethin! Dat man was wild! Haha
There is too much ignorance in this room right now
Blake griffin is too recklas and dribbles way too much smh he just needs to stick to jumping over people
Too much drunk people for my taste.
Got too much smoke in my lungs.
Too much to do, not enough time
Robin jinxd himslf o... Too much pressure to score dats y he's not scoring
"Your wife refers to your fat butt as the 'Big South'" - From Letterman's Top Ten Signs You've Been Watching Too Much College Basketball.
too much :/
Man Stfu...you are reaching for too much attn...
You LOVE me too much, to give me too much.
Wtf is goin on right now. Too much is goin on
Drank. Too much. Vodka.
Well happy new year to all people who read this, don't think too much just live your life and screw the consequences!!!
"@ispeakfemale: Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much"."
"Too much water, too much swag."
Meshia said I got too much energy this morning lol
Wishing you all a very Happy New Year. Remember to be safe out there & please don’t drink and drive. Life is much too precious. LR
Naa Giants r emerging in croydon today. Its too much loool
I cant decide if I have too much to do today.
I'm tweeting way too much?
Too much weed too much Drank in my Future tonight
Too much money aint enough money..
Drank too much last night... And have bad hangover this morning so will most likely see the new year in sober. I am fine with this:-S
Some people don't understand the phrase "too much attention" not all attention is possitive
This pain is just too real, there's just too much time can not errease
Seriously can't wait to get my own place ...  Far too much shit just to fit into one room ...  Shoulda asked Santa 
Think I've read too much Partridge, it just occurred to me I should buy a coin sorter with my spare change!
Happy new year my friends, thank you so much for this year. Let's stay together next year too ♥
Too much alcohol. Damn. Will not make it through
I want to go tan on the beach. I mean, if snow in December was too much to ask for, we might as well jump to summer..
feel sick, and this bus aint helping, ate waaaaay too much +o(
Think i might go back to sleep, but they makin too much noice around here smh .
I know where I went wrong in 2011, I cared too much about others & not enough about MYSELF!
Too much henny in my system
Won't be around too much longer .
Twitter appears to have had too much to drink on New Year's already
2011,what a year! Lose founders & almost give up as entrepreneur. Too much drama. But it seems thr's a new hope in 2012. Let's continue then
I can't get or stay mad at her lol I love her too much
they have too much going on on world star hip hop!! but it's keeping me entertained for now!
I'm leaving Tumblr. .and I’ll be back next year.  .don’t miss me too much okay? .farewell.
Didn't have too much to think about tho.. prolly made it official the same day.. lol
Kanye West - Paranoid.. My anthem. Fxcking love it. Too much. Too too much lol
Gotta wash this weave. It does itch too damn much!
This finna be a LONG day I got too much to do
My cousin thinks I complain too much :(
Wow what happened last night????? Has too much fun (I think) woke up in a good mood.
I spent too much money on nothin last night...
Dear 2011, too much memories that I'll nvr forget. But sorry you're not my year.
gave too much attention without intentions, and throughout all that I never was mentioned.
Woke up angry at my myself.. My dreams are saying too much.
I really think I'm not gon go out its TOO much foolishness out here dealing with niggas
So, I ate this brick like cinnamon roll & it was actually good. I watch too much Snapped. I keep thinkin' she's tryin' to off us.
Granny: "u not helping cook?" Me: "too much cooks does spoil d pot" lol.. Not proud* smh
*Puts on too much lotion* You: oh damn. *wipes half of it on the person next to you*
I like this new thing of waking up not hung over cuz i didnt drink too much
I love how everyone thinks they're giving people a better deal than they have to. Heads up: "Like new" means you like it too much.
Spent way too much today
my source of stomach ulcers = drinking too much wine
Damn already too much stress for 9:45
i tweeted too much today!!! my twitter is over capacity!!!
Is it too much to ask for 1day with the person I "love"? *sighhh*
15 Year without you. Miss you too. I Love You So Much Daddy <3
Hilar time, but my eyebrows hurt:( gotta dye my hair and pack too, omg so much to dooooo
I hope too much.
I mean, I already have too much to pay off in loans. "Well you go to school, get good job, and you can pay for loans later!"
Too much to ask for I guess
Hope that wasn't too much :|
Too much hopes for 2012 I can't describe one by one but I want all of it comes true!
Ion too much feel like talkin to nobody .
This lil nigga got too much energy.
I hope she don't do too much, cause I need my shit!
OMG just saw a guy walking in the street with shorts and flip flops on.. I miss summer too but not as much as him...
3 caramel vodkas, 2 wines, mmmm, way too much before the party has even started, H20 now...
But I tweet too much lol
Some  people have way too much time on their hands. To the women out there.....life is not all about the drama you create. Find a purpose.
*throws hands up* Ya'll are wayyyy too much *exits stage*
Too much weird shit all in one for me to not be skeptical
I don't feel too bad, most of the people I know aren't doing too much tonight either...
Ahaha! My mom cracks me up wallahi! I love her too too much. Allah ya bar mu tare.
I hate bein bored .. I start thinkin too much then I start gettin mad .. lol ..
Taraabt flails his arms around too much in every movement he makes.
New year?  Nah, too much old business still to take care of. But I'll start it off with a bang anyway in 20 hours from now.
so my gramma jst stopped by too tell me, i sleep in too much. its nt evn eight!?
Going to sleep nw.. Maybe is cry to sleep ba. But anyway I think is best for me to sleep nw at least I wont think too much.
My mom is too much of a neat freak
“@TOKYO_DYMONDS Twitter buqqim kuz yall talk too fuckin much, u slime balls !!!”
"@UberFacts: You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom." I spend about 10 cause i pee too much lol
naaaah I dunno . Swag so casual but too much man. Lemme move to him *giggles*
Much Is Bout To Change Not Cause Its A New Year Its Because It Has Too
I don't hate you, love. I hate the fact that I love you too much.
I hate bein bored .. I start thinkin too much then I start gettin mad .. lol .
girl you talk too much, bitch shut up.
Come on Arsenal. Is it too much to ask that you take advantage of *one* of these corners?
HOT BABY........ TOO MUCH PEOPLE HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
listened to lioness too much on spotify it's not letting me listen any more. looks like i'll have to buy the album now.
On the plus side, bought myself a bottle of Arches Peach Schnapps... that drink is the reason I drink too much.
And on that note...headed to ghetto ass Edison to buy something to wear, & con't to spoil Aidan WAY too much.
Too much gin. Hurty tummy.
people in this house are making too much noise
“@ispeakfemale: Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".”
Billboards are just too much fun.
"auntie cindy beat her up, auntie Lydia beat her up. Mexicans don't like no white girls." haha I'm done my stomach hurts too much.
So scared to touch (yes, touch) the unlit fireworks. I just wanted sparklers. Is that too much to ask? :(
Overheard in binnish Pub: 'I think I'm wearing too much gold.'
Too much pressure to drink man!
Lmao , too much thug for the world at once .
RT@ispeakfemale: Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".
I had too much fun last night.
Too early to be laughing this much at work 
How can people actually bear so much hatred and grudges? Or am I the one who is letting go and moving on too quickly?
This is probably as good as I've seen us play tho season. Crossing poor ball in the air too much. But not bad. If only we could score.
I need more girly clothes, I have too much boyclothes/hippieweird clothes!! :S
I have WAY too much hair for it be wrapped. That's the problem
So many fireworks on every corner of Metro Manila. Too bad I can't see much because of the skyscrapers.
I don't too much care about the new year , I just want some plans .
Oh Allah, I love you too much♥ Please do make 2012 one of the best years ever!♥
Sick , sick , sick OMG too much .. REALLY
Can't slow down its too much evil in my rearview
Drank too much, good thing I didnt drive last night! :)
Breaking Bad in Springfield: God bless people with way too much time on their hands.
In order to avoid too much traffic and making the situation worse,Google Chrome has temporarily stopped allowing requests to the server
these females up here are too much. you wearing heels to a jail why? whoever you came to visit can't see anything past your waist!
Sometimes we maintain silence to protect a relationship but we forget too much of silence creates a distance n every relationship
I was always told I complain to much n im to negative...I never thought I was till I was around someone who does it too...wow I need to stop
Pretty much ready for bed now! It's only 1545! No plans to stay up til midnight, but it's probably a bit too early to go to bed now.
Welldamn yll mf'ers tweet too much
Lil sis is up coughing urgh she making too much noise lol
“@itsMonetRose “@ispeakfemale Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".””
Hello 2012 Welcome 2 da World&Hopin it wil b da Best Year Ever..Goodbye 2011 Thanx 4 givin too much memory and we will b missing u..
I'm starting to hope too much.
Twitter is over capacity? It seems al those Aussies and Kiwis are making too much noise ;-) Happy New Year over there!
Damn its too much people on Twitter right now
Don't depend too much on others. :)
and my 'too much talk' neighbor come..
Fucking AT&T's text messages woke me up just now. Apparently I'm part of the top 5% who use too much of the unlimited data plan.
im missing her way too much
I'm not anyone's gf, I'm not falling in love with anyone, and I shouldn't worried too much..
Too much talk too much bullshit, keep it to you and go fuck yourself dude!
Sure do cuz u playing wit me too much..and dat fucking mouth b killing me at times.
I'm still gonna shop too much, drink too much & hang wit my crazy ass girls too much. Not starting 2012 lying 2 myself.
Nice out!  I have doors & windows open, more specifically because I burned my sausage & melted my spatula in the process.  Doing too much.
Lls, dry was too much last night. Been up for like a hr now..  ♥
Sometimes I feel like its meant for me to be single, Im just TOO much to handle. Nobodies ready!
someone please invent time machine already!!!!!!! I don't wanna leave 2011 behind . too much memories :(
bitches talk soo much shit sittin behind a computer but aint about the shit they talk when it come down too it .
Some  people have way too much time on their hands. To the women out there.....life is not all about the drama you create. Find your purpose
Think I'm getting old... Seen too many new years eves to really care that much...
I'm gonna be soo sad if we have to get rid of hoss.. I love him too much already.
Even though i might not do too much tonight i still have a really cute outfit lol
I spend too much unnecessary money when I'm slizzard smh
i had too much shit on my mind
Was gonna go back to sleep but I keep thinking too much...
I feel bad for my lungs. It inhaled too much smoke. :(
Idk why I just can't sleep late?! I drank way too much last night, went to sleep late and still woke up at 10 o'clock! Wtf?!
Twitter is having problems updating my status! Too much traffic for New Year's Eve?
HATE AMORY boys. . . NOPE can't have them. ---- too much for me.
Is it too much to expect footballers not playing to watch and support their team mates and the club that pay their wages?
Hearing way too much fireworks.
Every time Chelsea go forward they slow things down far too much. No chance of scoring. Boring boring Chelsea.
RT!!"@CoolAssSway__: I can't fuck with them North Face Jackets tho, too much for them thin ass jackets. . .can't fuck with 'em."HALLELUJAH
Someone too much :D "@QueenRevi: Someone to love, someone to touch, someone to hold, someone to know.."
Twitter bird drank too much sake?
Can't go to sleep, too much on my mind.
Obviously he ain't worried bout me.. In too much pain cuz of my wisdom teeth.
Twitter doing too much w/ this slow loading smh yall stop tweeting so I can tweet!!!
crap I put on too much Icy hot
Ultimately I'm sure I'm going to end up back in California. I loved San Diego too much.
Twitter had too much champagne, I see.
Enjoying writing a diary again maybe should've bought a bigger one as have too much to say
and that's when I should stop caring too much
Is that too much too ask for?
I hate washing my own hair.  Too much work.
I can give you too much of time , shit time is money . $
King of Prussia malllll. Hopefully I dont spend too much money
"@_iiLeadUFollow: Remaining faithful and loyal. Because I love him too much to disrespect him & cheat on him. I want this to work."
We doing too much this morning...smh... its just breakfast.>:o
I can't watch War Horse. I'll cry. Horses remind me too much of dogs.
Looks like im not gon be tweetin too much today since yall got it over capacity nshit lol
Some people complain too much stfu
2011 has been the fastest year, at least for me, yet too many blessings, so much to be happy and thankful for. God is the best. I love you!
Dey say my twitter overloading i guess dat mean too much ppl on twitter today
My mom just got glitter tats with my kids. Grands are too much fun I tell ya. Happy New Years Eve Tweetsters!
Gotta set my priorities straight. I got too much to let it go away
ur not the only 1 "@DerrickSwerve: I like staying to myself and just thinking. Maybe I think too much. My mind is like a tornado sometimes"
I get into harry potter TOO MUCH
Been thru too much fucking wit '11..now twitter wanna fuck up. Really though. *pause* trys to tweet again*
Everybody dead. Bulletholes in your head. But I ain't kill 'em I hit them with the flow instead. Gagaghahaga Lupe is too much
I always cook too much food than I can handle but because I can't waste I have to eat away. Brb feasting.
We never talked too much after i blew up..juss only hello or happy belated
Naa & the way she's describing it is TOO much! Telling me they all fell coming like dominoes!
Too much fighting on the dancefloor!
Twitter is messed up. Probably people just tweet way too much about NYE
Twitter-less recently. Too much fun o'er holidays! 2012 should be awesome. Best everyone
Not particularly in the mood for celebrating tonight. Too much to do and too little money. Womp
I have too much time before work.. Idk what to do
Omg. Just saw the cutest video of two gay guys finding out they're going to be grandpas. The cutest is just too much. Lol
I real hate black people especially ones that watch too much Kevin Hart. "You goin learn today!" Niggas you goin stfu
My mom is too much.
I always know if I drank too much if I slept with my contacts in
That awkward, yet cute moment when a guy clearly wants to ask you out, but is too shy to ask. So much cuter when they're older.
I think my fit uhhhhh might be too much lol
Too much pressure(´._.`)
Good morning wonderful people. I'm blessed to say I have an opportunity to see a new year. I have so much to look forward too!
I fancy Fearne Cotton too much for my own good
Too much for one night && up to early.. I knew he'd come back, can't resisit tha first class shiit ;D
Second 2 hour call with mummy!! She's too much lol
I think I want too much
Don’t get mad when a girl cares too much. Worry when she starts not to care at all.
you text me too much, DAMN.
Too many unforgettable memories in 2011. Can't believe in just 2 hours it ends. GONNA MISS 2011 SO MUCH.
«@DerrickSwerve I like staying to myself and just thinking. Maybe I think too much. My mind is like a tornado sometimes»
If I don't go on the party bus I have to go to bloomington & get all my shit & split those jellp shot. That's doing too much.
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much
2011's most tearful moment: leaving High School life, too much memories but also too much opportunities I've missed
Too much
Maybe I've been going back too much lately.
I can't fuck with them North Face Jackets tho, too much for them thin ass jackets. . .can't fuck with 'em.
So much to do, too comfy to get up.
I hate this bitch in front of me, gosh she show off too much, I just wanna slap her -___-
(contd) this year. Too much time wasted emotionally on things that couldn't stop Me. What was I thinking? What am I waiting for?
The weather today is too much love
Even tho cp3 held his own in the chicago game, derrick rose was too much of a beast for him to guard crazy. Plus he's bigger & quicker pg
Bro went to the Pen Last year.. Came home this year and then my lil bro left this year. Its 2012 am I leaving next? Too MUCH on my mind
sorry t-list, you know I usually don't speak too much, but today I had to! :D
Beem thru too much fucking wit '11..
best memories in 2011? too much
"It's like life is spanking me in the face and I'm eating too much cake" oh private practice!
2011 was just too much bs.
oh and btw, kelli can NEVER tell me i do too much!
Some girls Are such moany bitchs. Like I complain but some jst complain wayyyyy too much
Too much on my mind.. didn't get much sleep ..
So 2011 in the books, what have we learnt. Erm. I spend far too much time procrastinating on Fb and twitter.
Twitter Mobile fucks up too much for no reason
13 hrs.. No such thing as too much sleep.. Refreshed
I'm up too early, talking about way too much..
Wasted too much money this month, spent a good few bills on shitttt
too much happens, too less to realise.
, You Been Drinking Too much
My head hurts too much to deal today.
I think I watch too much TV because I know what nearly advert is about...
Nahhh I cnt even run :( hurts too much
Uf im bored from all these notes :( theyr too much and im dieing :)
too much ppl on twitter?
Too much headache! :(
my ambition is too strong, i have to much trying to hold me back, i cant fail.... thats my motivation to do wat i do
Big day today too much to do so little time!!!
People who have 40,000+ tweets obviously tweet too fucking much
I eat way too much but don't gain nothing
twitter is lagging too much even for my phone.
- I can be too much to handle..
I love my babe so much he knows how too make me feel better.....
Its so much to do too
Drinking too much recently has made my skin greasy and shit. Ahh well, I'll just get drunk enough so I don't notice
Heh. Hyomin and Joon suffered too much in the past. I doubt they'll ever be paired again =/
I stress too much
When I can smell your cologne two aisles over... you might have too much on.
You drive too fast. You smoke too much. But that don't mean a thing. Coz I'm addicted to the rush.
I think way too much in the morning
My eyes hurt too much
"@iam_jazzyjay: Patron is the Devil..... Never again" lmao girllll we all was gone lastnight. It was too much fun! :-)
Way too much to do today
Ugh too much to do today
2011 i'm going to miss you. Too much Good Memories! </3 but yeah everything is always going to an end.. so yeah Bye 2011.
Actually spent too much today lol
I think i smoke too much xD
RT @ ispeakfemale Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".
niggas be playing too much I'm tryna sleep and you wanna be gay
Too much ink to explain! !
I Worry About Some Things Too Much..
And if havin a real friend is too much for you to handle, don't even look my way.
People who talk too much, keep em out ya circle
"@xx_SIMBA_xx: My grandmova talk too much" mine tooo! Lol but I love her to death
Too much different emotions in 2011
Ncaaaaw* we love yu too! :D RT "@Cassandrizzle_x: I love Chelsea and Man City fans SO DAMN MUCH :) I'd give up my firstborn for y'all."
Annoying thing about tights is that its too much effort to go for a wee:L
Hmmm too much westerns around here, and oh how I wish they were koreans (´._.`)
Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much
Happy NY everyone. This year I promise not to booze too much, and am on a man ban for the next month. 2012 begins how it's gonna end!
Too Much Thirsty People On Facebook
Too much work, If only the answer pages show the working out!
I ate too much junk food.
All I want is to be away .. that's not too much to ask .
feels too much like a Sunday to be going out
Too much running
.......man, if I blackout one more time ::SMH:: my resolution for 2012 is to not drink so much........ I don't see that going too well.
Wow. Too much booze and too many people in our house. Andito ba buong Tagaytay?! :|
had a really good 2011 :) so much has happened in a year, and although it went a little too fast I loved it :) Hope 2012's just as good!! <3
Hearin my lil brother n daughter havin real convo's be havin me trippin!! These kids r too much
Got too much ish 2 do for this NYE gathering...
I over think stuff too much
arsenal are passing too much for my liking!
Retraction of last tweet: I don't *hate* anything or anyone in the world! Have been merely been plied with too much champagne way too early!
got so much shopping today, love my dad too pieces!
Im just not ready to leave 2011:/ too much memories :(
Cried too much. Should sleep now.
Stop being idle. Don’t think too much or you’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
Life is short, and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. Oh, be...
«@ispeakfemale Some people can't be loyal and honest because that would be "asking too much".»
I spend too much money on hair
“@ThePresObama: Blaming me for America's problems is like doing too much coke and then blaming the doctor saving your life for your overdose
Have a safe & fun time tonight. But not too much fun...you don't want any new years eve babies coming out in Sept/Oct.
I am torn between party all night (too much caffeine) and go to sleep right now. Suspect sleep will win. Getting old.
Stop being idle. –Don’t think too much or you’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
ihave a low tolerance for the un necessary today been getting too much of that.
this new year eve i don't rlly care too much for getting drunk an etc. , ,
Too much time on my hands, I got you on my mind
2012=Peace of mind. Is that too much to ask?
Last night was too much fun...love chill nights like that
Enjoying the remake of Ben Hur a little too much...
Caileen on The Twilight Zone: "I don't get it. This show makes me think too much!"
Thank god my sis came home ! XD ive cooked way too much food for self countdown party
At work. My mgrs said.  Go home u glowin too much.  Lol can't help it he put in work
I've been drinking too much for sure!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
too much love will kill you.
Happy NEwYear and the twitter is down.. too much tweeting :))
Too much drama at my job...bout to quit
Haiz. Had soooo much fun with the boys just now. Too bad I gtg abit early! :(
I think too much?
Had too much fun wit my bestfrnd last night! Hopefully he don't leave me so we can bring in the new yr together.
Today is gonna be a long day. So much on my mind. Sometimes I just wanna curl up and block everything out. Too bad this is real life
Last night was too much fun
I've said too much .. goodbye.
Its official I curse wayyyy too much
My feet are in far too much pain. I need a nap.
Remaining faithful and loyal. Because I love him too much to disrespect him & cheat on him. I want this to work.
I really just want a burger. Is this too much to ask?
Twitter is going through too much today...I'll fuck with y'all on da 2nd
maybe too much of a good thing, huh?
Is a straight face .. Or maybe only just the slightest smile too much to ask for on a picture? I go through people's pics and I .. LOL
Some people stress too much over small things.
Giving Swansea too much time on the ball! Don't even know why I'm watching it all it does is frustrate me
My sister shuldna had no baby!! She stay in the club & streets too much.
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano, all I know is I love you too much too walk away.
Looks like Brock Lesnar found out exactly what TOO MUCH DUTCH really means.
going out to dinner with my mum and her friend cause she doesn't want me gettin in too much of a mess tonight haha
Too much reason why I want leave my place. Especially bcs there something break my life.
"if u feel it's too much, just quit. It's not worth it anyway"
There's no such thing as too much love...                                          HAPPY NEW YEAR FRNDS...        Best of luck for 2012..
My eyes are red too much video games
have fun, but not too much fun. don't wanna bring a new year in by going to jail, smh.
Too much to get done today nails,lashes brows
In order to avoid causing too much traffic and making the situation worse, Google Chrome has temporarily stopped allowing requests to the se
Worked out one aspect of 2012. As I'm too old and single to start a family, I want to ensure my friends receive as much love as I can offer.
I expect too much
I sleep too much
Am I the only one not changing too much in 2012
Dis is y I hatttte gettin straight hair....too much pressure
