So leotha drunk again....
Yea ... I'm drunk again... Smfh
Neva again. I remember last new years I got drunk, ha Omar sick to sum light. Ima smoker chief
shorter cons: we know we were drunk and drove america off the cliff and while we still have our bottle of liquor we'd like to drive again
Idk how I got to my kuzzin house jus now but im glad im on a couch if I was anywhere I wuda been slack drunk thanks again ere boddy!!!
"@girlsproverbs: For me, falling in love is like getting drunk. I wake up with a horrible hangover, swearing that I'll never drink again."
Drunk again. Classic Friday night scenario
tomorrow's new year's eve so I'm probably gonna get drunk again.
Robert is drunk again! Ahhh why can't I be him!!!! D:
Note to self...never again attempt going the gym on a fat burner while on amoxycilin and dehydrated! Wow feel drunk! Haha! Oooops!
last year for new years i got drunk went to nita bs and got a lap dance from a duck lmao never again
March: Got drunk for the first time. So pissed i told secrets, slapped my friend, and started crying. Never getting that pissed again.
Yep! Drunk again.
I wanna see a drunk album again
my parents always get drunk the 30th then the 31st again.
sometimes drunk people do be funny. the first time they say some.... But then they keep saying it over & over again. -__-
I wonder if Timothy is gonna come in drunk again.? 
Club flow ....drunk as shit again
I am drunk again!! That is all
Joseph fakes drunk again
Being hangover saying you'll never drink again, then the next day, drunk but this time with a case of water
Wants to kiss him again...see if it was something real...or something drunk...
I'll go out, get drunk again; make out with all of your dumb friends. :-)
I might promise not to drunk tweet this weekend. But then again??? Who knows!!!!
Hello New Year's Eve.  So we meet again.  It's nothing personal, I'm just not a big fan of hordes of drunk people roaming my neighborhood.
Alot of drunk tweets on my TL... slick pissed... i want to go out on a friday and enjoy myself... i want to get fucked up and hungover again
I wanna get drunk again... :)
not getting drunk ever again
Lls my stepfather drunk ass in here laughin me out. One min I'm dress, the next I'm in my pj's, and now I'm dress again lol
Come over. I'll get you drunk. You'll lean in to kiss me. I'll say "We can't…you're drunk." We'll never speak again. I'm sorry. Good luck.
I am probably gonna be drunk, sober, drunk, sober, and then drunk again tomorrow. Happy new years.
just got home! were so effin drunk lastnight praaaaaaaaaaaaaamis! t was the best night again!lol
Ya i could be in love with you if i was drunk.. but then again love doesnt exist
Ahh hell this girl drunk again
My Dad is drunk again . I better get home safe .
Too much drunk all the time forever again.
WEEEEEEE DRUNK AGAIN!! WHATS NEW;) hahahahahah
Sober. Now I'm just waiting for the new year & get drunk again. Haha! Ooh holidays! ☺☺
Gamin again bored as hell guess I'm drunk as a mean person said to me mw3 bitches
At home and drunk.......... sleeeep........ @.@  .Party in 12 hours again ~.~----
Drunk as fuck today and tomorrow cuz after tomorrow im calming down again!! RT so dont say I'm on some bull when I don't drink like that!!
Now I have 2 votes for a drunk show tomorrow... maybe I'll do both again.  NYE (drunk) and NYD (regular) show...
“@AliceMaryWalker: "Like that time I got so drunk I was convinced I was Jesus?" - hoping to get that drunk again tonight.” it's so on!
Grandma GETTIN US DRUNK...Talkin Bout FLOOZIES AGAIN!!! lol
' You're drunk, again, so get the fuck off my phone. '
I remember last new years I got drunk paha, first time .. never drunk again since then.
im drunk tweetering again .haha
Drunk again.... Cop on Kaytee
Parents are drunk once again
Drunk and dancing to Heaven 17.  It's like I'm 16 again, only without the wine coolers.
Look out twitter I think she's about to be drunk tweeting again lol
and once again, shes drunk. "nook will you go home with me?!" lmao. goodnight sis!!
So soon til I can be drunk again
“@Vasaiyla: Hopefully i wont drunk call my mom 17 times again tonight...” lmao I hate you.
My master plan is to get all my friends drunk so they'll be friends again :)
Then again if I get pissy drunk and spill something on them I would be pass piss
mr_mike_mo but really.... I come home tomorrow for a week. We are all getting drunk again. Deal?OmUC
Aw lovely... My mother was drunk posting to Facebook earlier, yet again! *Cough* That shit's embarrassing!
I've said it before, & I'll say it again: your drunk, is my sober.
Hopefully i wont drunk call my mom 17 times again tonight...
Opps Ronnie is drunk again!
Bringin in the year again alone!! O well at least I'll be drunk
Great my drunk neighbor is actin retarted again fukn lame!!!!
Me: can u take our picture? Grandma: take ur picture again? *pause* oh u want a drunk one now. *takes pic* oh yea there it is.
I'm gonna be drunk again tonight -_-
I should get drunk again like I did that night.............
Do I need to say it again ..? I'M GETTING DRUNK TOMORROW :)
I ain't tryna get THAT drunk again, but something close to it.
My aunt Sharon got me as drunk as I've ever been in life.  I would never do it again.
Ugh remind me never to drink again. Pointless activity. I didn't get drunk, I feel sick. I basically spent money to feel sick. Cool.
Drunk again for the 3rd time in 5 days and I intend to get drunk tomorrow, I feel like a true alcoholic
new years resolution. to never ever get sloppy drunk again! not cute. lol
Getting Drunk Again Tonight;)
Grandma's drunk again.
Tru said she gon be so drunk she gona think the ball went back up and came back down all over again lol
Omg night at 11 again I get drunk too early night!!!! :)
"I'm gonna ask him if we can dry hump again." - Tiffany drunk texting a gay guy
Very happy to be with the old gang again!  It's been too damn long!  I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!! -future drunk me
I'm Fena get drunk again I got money to dat it ain't shit but paper
Time to get drunk again :D
Kind of regret not going to the party right now. But then again, I dont want to see half drunk people stripping so...50/50 loss/gain?
I see u drunk again toinght ! Damn every night tht shit starts to get old
hey ho who knew it im a bit drunk again!
I'm never getting get drunk again , I'll stick to getting high !
i wanna get drunk again wid ray lmao ..>>>
Can you not get drunk again tonight.. That'd be greatly appreciated.
New Years Party tonight with all the boys & da cleaners. Lets get drunk ... oh and zayn's probs gonna break a table again.
WELP !! looks like im getting drunk again smh .
once again.. drunk texters<<<<<<<<<
OMG, what is everyone doing for New Years?! Wanna hang out, get drunk, and hook up then be awkward in the future while we never talk again?!
Dad is drunk again.
I will never get drunk again in my life
I reall not gonna smoke again till my birthday so on new years guess this means i gotta get drunk
Once again, everybody who steps out tonight, be safe.. Don't get too drunk this weekend..don't need nobody else losing their life.. Serious
i wana get drunk ..... again !
"I see you'r drunk again Athur." "No officer I have remained drunk since our last encounter." -Russell Brand
My parents drunk again!! Shit!
Guess whos drunk again. I am!!!
“@JackPemberton: lol oh yeah I forgot you were a whore.” hahahaha! On the gin again? You're such an abusive drunk!
I'M DRUNK again AND STONED again AS F*** again 'TIL DAWN again I'M DRUNK again AND STONED again AS F*** again 'TIL DAWN The Rebel Withiiiiin
If I get married again, I'm turning the water into vodka, getting drunk and kicking my ass.
My mom loves giving Liam alcohol...he's about to be drunk again this new years smh
Yea, never drinking that much ever again.  Will never understand why people would rather be extremely drunk over extremely high.  Lol
When he not drunk he be quiet, bud when he is drunk he be talkin again!
So all you dirty bastards who's get their old lady drunk and eat their ass? Lol Oh filthy fucks. Be careful she might never leave again!!
soo feeling like going to this party tomorrow...but not feeling to get punched by some drunk girl again or witness some stupid drama!  hmm
Why do drunk people always say im never drinkin again lol
i hateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee drunk people. I get so scared at night and it had to happen to me. im still freaking shaking. never again
The best cure for a hangover is to just get drunk again.
I hate losing money getting wavy again tonight then tomorrow drunk lol,
You look better when I'm drunk, and so do I, but tomorrow we'll both be superugly again kkkkkk
mom asked me if i wanted a glass a wine. i told her no. last time i drank something of hers i was drunk&smiley around my fam. never again !
And like a love drunk dork im watching the notebook again lol
yesterday was a good break. but now its time to get drunk again w my main karliiiiii!
I'm drunk.....I wanna hear negros in Paris over and over again!!!
as much as i drink, i've never actually been drunk on new years.. and it looks as if its going to be the same again
Maybe I'll be drunk again
Jack drunk AGAIN!!!
Parent's aren't home..they went to a party I think..watch my dad come home drunk again..and then throw up in the washroom.
Falling in love is like getting drunk, you always say that you'll never do it again.
Drunk texts.... Again................
Damn, im drunk again, and my friend is prbably fuckin the old lady now! Rofl
My moms drunk....(again)
Get drunk sober and drunk again
Can someone get all my white t-shirts white again? In exchange I will cook you dinner and get you drunk on wine and comedy.
Officer: Are you drunk again?  Me:  Again? I haven't sobered up since I last saw you.  Lol
Nah i really do gotta get drunk with tiff again! Lmaoo
Still drunk from last night. Back at it again. Off to work!
been drunk twice this week, again tomorrow night.. LOVE CHRISTMAS!♥
2DimesN_aNickle I learnd tht shit the hard way. Never again will I get tht drunk. My 1st and last haI2JEE
I Wanna Hit The Club With My Nigga Skeet But Then Again I Wanna Get Drunk Af , Blah I'll Just Do Both :)
Goodthing she has no kids or boyfriend! She should get drunk again and this time..in getting more than tongue!
New Years gone be lame 'af guess im playing ps3 again while everybody gets drunk .
i mean shiiiiiiiiit can i get drunk again on peach ciroc && whatever else you niggas be handing me? lmao
Huh? Somebody is drunk.....again :("@x_prettycouture: rice rice peas rice bean pies rice rice nigeria rice peas bean pies!"
And what are your names again? We drunk, remind us
I'm a really sad excuse for a Eurasian man. I wanna be 17 again when you can get drunk and that was the point. I dont understand drinking!
my mom is drunk again
Rule for tonight: Not getting drunk like Lisa's party, never ever again.
Doing the 31 thingz in Kens hood!! Hope that bastard doesn't get us all drunk again.
I kinda want to go out tomorrow...but then again I don't. Last year I partied so hard I was still drunk at work the next day.
Getting drunk n the house chillin once again smh
I'm drunk again
Next door are drunk and singing again. Shhhh I'm trying to sleep
“@Braderz1990: “@joebiggenden: Drinking... Again” > cant believe your drink you dont even drunk!” blerrrgghhhh
i wanna get so drunk that i wake up wit my panties in my hands again
“@joebiggenden: Drinking... Again” > cant believe your drink you dont even drunk!
Yay staying with my drunk boss again.   -_-
Drunk again. Anyone want to join the trail wreck?
Reading back on tweets from when you were drunk and thinking 'I'm never drinking and going on Twitter again'
I feel like I'm 13 again. My mom is driving me nuts. This is ridiculous. I need to be way more drunk.
Well I promise myself I will NEVER get that drunk again. Lawdd I left like crap & everybody kept laughin at me
The level of drunk I achieved on St. Patty's Day was epic. One day, I'll be able to reach that level again.
Drunk again uh ohihh
Back in the house drunk as shit. Love paryting with lita. Do it all again tomorrow
Out to the bar with rooms again. Drunk tweets to follow.
I'm getting Marshae drunk again tonight!...this shall be fun  .Hahaha!<---evil laugh
These niggas jus mean they gon get me drunk again tonite
Maybe i'll get drunk again
I caint wait until tomorro to get drunk again! :D
Don't mind me, I'll just be laying here on the couch again this new years, only difference is I'm sick instead of drunk, hurry up 12/21/12
"Like that time I got so drunk I was convinced I was Jesus?" - hoping to get that drunk again tonight.
Daily routine: club, drink, tipsy/drunk, home, wake up, club again. *repeat*~
Bout shower ...might get drunk after then again I'm not built like that
But then again if I would've drunk I'd probably get kicked out
I'm going to try this whole sleeping malarky again. For the first time in 6 days, I'm not going to bed drunk. Which is nice!
Was going to dress up tomorrow, but then again, why? Some drunk chick is going to spill her drink on me anyway.
Hahaha my cousin just said " tonights gonna be a bad night your gonna get drunk again and sleep under the tree"
I just got drunk texted from the most unexpected person. I am cracking up! This is like Christmas all over again.
Then Again Idk , She Act To Crazy When She Drunk .
Seriously though. If you choose to drive drunk, never speak to me again.
Got ridiculously drunk over and over and over again!!
I will b drunk as hell at essex house tmrw once again bringn in tha new year :)
I never got drunk to the point where I had to throw up, I wanna experience it but then again I don't.
If Reese go then he gotta spend the night don't need him driving drunk again
Getting my 13 year old sister drunk << NEVER AGAIN.
Body hurts from the lack of sleep...still feel drunk. Sleep till 2 then I gotta do it over again :(
Tomorro I'm gettn drunk...take a nap...go to church...n get drink again...n pop firecrackers!
“@SUUUKY4489: "@Megan_M1: Ma Sista A Dirty Bitch"BITCH U MAD!!! DRUNK HOE!! GO EAT SOME DAMN BREAD AGAIN”..lmao
Why did i gect drunk again? I hate this feeling
"@Megan_M1: Ma Sista A Dirty Bitch"BITCH U MAD!!! DRUNK HOE!! GO EAT SOME DAMN BREAD AGAIN
Oh lawd, Bri gonna start that drunk textin again....she be getting all outta pocket n textin gibberish lol
"@Justin_ReyesSBL: I'm getting drunk tomorrow!!!!" Say that again
so my dad will be drunk this weekend (i hope) so ima tell him that i want to do cheer again >.<
I'm probably gonna be sober again tomorrow; I don't feel the need to get drunk anymore.
my younger sister will probably get drunk off champagne again and have an even better night than me.
LOL i told shajida to tell me shes not drunk again and see if i dont slap her. and he shutup LOOOL
This year was about get drunk, get high, get fuck, get down, get relax and repeated all over again.. !
«@DeXter_SaintJoc I will not!! Get so drunk tonight that I forget my way home.. I won't do it.. Not again»
without a doubt my family will get me drunk tonight and i will without a doubt win on just dance, again, for the 3rd year going!
I will not!! Get so drunk tonight that I forget my way home.. I won't do it.. Not again
I have THE worsed memory! Then again.. i was drunk.. haha
Never ever ever letting my mum get drunk at my work again
SORRY GUYS I WAS TOO DRUNK TO TYPE. WOKE UP IN MY MOMS BED AGAIN
Ive only been drunk one time where I woke up & was like wtf happened ? Never again ..
Man who sing that song "We drunk again" ?
Never going out to eat with my drunk ass parents and their friends again.
getting drunk tnight?!? yup think so n doing it alllll over again tmw night!
Gotta' love your friends, especially when they throw a fuckin' cool party. Sidenote; do not get anyone drunk ever again. Ever.
If I see that Toby Keith ad one mo again man making my name look country as hell!! How many drunk country red necks r there?
Gotta go pick my drunk my and dad up from town AGAIN. Swear they go out more than I do...
I kind of want to get drunk again tonight .
Shalom let's make it happen again Cus bowling while drunk is the shit!
HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU I NEED AN INTERVENTION?! I am drunk again.
i'll be drunk again, to feel a little loooooove
What are all you're names again we drunk remind us
I wanna go bowling while drunk again! That shit was live
"Get her drunk, deflower her, then never talk to her again." - Tylor Brouwers
“@brownEdeLuxe: I think that plotting to get me drunk again!” BOL !
600th tweet.  going to bed now.  drunk again.  love the winterrggnum.
I just found the daughter of the women that helped me when I  was hit by a drunk driver on facebook. I'd really like to see her again(:
Oigh boys are so annoying sometimes. Then again, I guess all drunk people can get like that.
Had a good night, went to several pubs and people's houses, got pretty drunk! ...again
if psycho crying drunk harriet makes an appearance again tomorrow night then my new years resolution is to never drink alcohol again
Maybe I'll get drunk again
"Shay its just gunna be me and you drunk tonite" shayna- "again.. " Lmfaaoo this girl<3
I think that plotting to get me drunk again!
im just drunk again
too many stressful problems got me snortin coke an smokin weeed again. im drunk , goin up on the curb drivin on the median
2012 will bring the same events as 2011. Your birthday, easter, drunk nights, relationships and christmas again. Goi. Fs.
katys forcing me to drink tommorow, i got to drunk last night.. im never drinking again, i feel ill and i just embaress myself!
All I want for the New Year is to get drunk & have crazy wild freaky sex!! And u will never hear me say this again lol.
At stars but my mom's being a drunk bitch again.
Brb getting Dave drunk. Again
Caits step dads getting us drunk again. Oh lawed
tonight was a total disaster. and I'm not even drunk. never having a houseparty again.
I have a feeling I'm gonna get drunk, smoke too much and wake up with no voice again - how the hell am I gonna make it to New Years?
Maybe i'll get drunk again, to feel a little love
I'm never getting drunk again...
nearly sobered up..scary moment...so got drunk again.
Once again.. From 6pm-6am on NYE...AAA will take your drunk self & your car home for FREE, member or not: 800-222-4357.
I'm About To Get Drunk Again Tonight.
Then again I don't think I wanna drink. Done had too many "I was drunk" excuses lately.
I will never do that again because of what happens when i'm drunk :/
I will NEVER get drunk again like I did Wednesday... Older cousins can be a bad influence
If a hangover sucks ... get drunk again
wooo! getting drunk again....#wishmeluck
Getting drunk tonight once again :-)
It was too early in the day for me to be that drunk never again
new brunswick nightclubs for nye? ugh. at least i'll be a classy drunk in my pretty dress/heels. provided i don't dance on a bar again.
I was drunk last year on new years. Im not doing that again
maybe i'll get drunk again...
Guess I'll get drunk again tonight. Lol. Wish someone heard me
An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men (Charles Darwin)
I'll be drunk again... Soon
Uncle is getting drunk again.. Cheoo
Penultimate drunkenness and it is big.  It is drunk.  A lot.  I kissed the boy again.  Whoopsies.  Room spinning.
being drunk at the same time as being excited for getting drunk again, is that alcoholism?
I'm just drunk again, i'll be drunk again, i'll be drunk again to feel a little love.
Imma be singing Come Test Me, Ah Tink Ah Drunk, Drunk Again all night
Is a lil drunk an is in a very happy mood again..roll on 2012
I can't wait to get drunk again tomorrow
Tomorrow I can tell that I'm going to get drunk and text the boy I like, yet again, and make a fool of myself. joys
Time to get drunk with grapes, again.
Was drunk af lastnite I wnt to get drunk again	2nite
woke up at 9 still drunk..woke up at 11 still drunk..sat around til 1 still drunk. never again
&what are all y'all names again , we drunk remind us..
Should i get drunk again tonite?
Drunk drunk and drunk again
Iknow i said i was never drinkin again....but thats because i was too drunk on Christmas...but NEW YEARS ?!?!!!!..Im Gettin FUCKED UP"!
Shout out to the drunk guy on my street again. but this time for fightin wit parked cars. Ima wait for him to get to my moms car n have fun.
Lying Drunk Mess RT "@Chris23_7: Drunk again...this is getting silly now! Lol! 2012 is going to be a sober year!"
Came home drunk last night and watched Teen Mom 2. Don't remember it so I have to watch it again, sober. 2nd time this has happened. Fuck.
I think today I want to get drunk and punch people thn I punch again.
What the fuck did I tweet last night? once again drunk me was a disgrace, I am scared to look.
It's 5:30 and my parents a drunk once again
I'm going to apologize ahead of time for any drunk random tweeting I may do tonight!! Thanks again for all the Birthday wishes
stan is drunk, again. this is becoming a routine for him!
I wasn't that drunk! -Dude you declared yourself a Belieber! -WTF! I will never get drunk again!
Falling in love is like getting drunk, You wake up wut horrible hangover swearing you'll neva drink again...But you do :p
Once again I had to stay up all night through 7 in the morning taking care of my drunk friends. haha.
weird how desperate i am to go on holiday with friends and get drunk then sunbathe and get drunk again and sunbathe some more ect
I think I should get my absolute drunk on tomorrow, because I'm a cunt and if I don't get my head down from monday I'm going too fail again!
I thought drunk runs ended at 25. Wrong again
This nigga drunk and just pushed me. Aiight nigga. Made me bring my fuckin bat out. Try me again and that head comin off!
Its that time of year again when people think they are drunk and start Typig lIke DiSsss
I want to get piss drunk in the ucf press box again.
Nxt weekend = Fam throwing a party nd I'm getting drunk again, hopefully I dnt get hoed,
Being left home alone so my dad can go get drunk. Again.
would love to get drunk again tomorrow night but idk if I can face more alcohol
Guess who's gonna be drunk tweeting again tonight? THIS GIRL
cant let myself get as drunk as what i did on boxing day tomorrow night! I cant be hiding behind any trees for 2hrs again haha!!
Wonder if I'll get "drunk" by drinking the non-alcoholic drinks this year again? .It's something with the bubbles in the carbonic in it...
Raining again, does not bode well for drunk people causing havoc in the parks and throwing up on beaches tonight...
I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love
But then again im never in pain when im drunk...so i;ll be good tommarow
Uuuuuugh he's drunk again -________-
then dont .. “@DebbieCakess_: I'm scared too get drunk again cause I can't walk , lol”
Drunk as fuck and I'm on a boat. Again.
“@DebbieCakess_: I'm scared too get drunk again cause I can't walk , lol” ctfup po baby
It's that time again the one where you get Allston drunk.
Who's drunk again? rsrs
I'm scared too get drunk again cause I can't walk , lol
Hello 911 this is rob Ford's motherinlaw, that fat bastard is drunk and stuck upside down in the fireplace again.
Getting drunk tonight..... again.
Time to root for Russia again. Hope they get drunk with the gold again just like Buffalo.
No way i'm gonna be sober again while my friends are fucking annoying drunk... I can't stand drunk people unless I'm drunk myself... XD
Should I have my "Drunk Text Vince for an Amazon Gift Card" contest this year for NYE again? Legitimate question, followers.
I'm definitely going to be drunk tonight.  What is the water to alcohol ratio again.  I so can't be hung over tomorrow.
Never been so drunk as I was last night! Riot! And was sick twice to prove it BOKE shots are the devil never again
Uh oh. Drunk. Again.
Nbs i probably have drunk 35 to 40 fifths since I've been home but then again who's counting
If I end up drunk n alone again on new years ima be sick
and i'm still kinda drunk , lol . should i say AGAIN ?
Man I swear I never wanna be drunk again
maybe ill get drunk again<3
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 24 hours i will be in Sheffield getting drunk seeing in 2012 resulting new year resolution to never get that drunk again :D
Ill be drunk again, to feel a little looooveee.
going to Longstreet tonight lmao I feel like I'm 18 again. good thing I'll be drunk as hell b4 I get there
Oh me dayz, had a nice Chinese dinner on the boat in the marina, and few too many drinks, so on the way of getting drunk again ;P x
Never wanna get drunk again! Lol
my mum said 'if you gunna get drunk on new years dont puke up the wall again'.....
Mums drunk again :/
Drunk girlfriend again
Maybe I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love.
Drunk off the ciroc again ,
maybe i'll get drunk again, ill be drunk again.
Awon eleyi won drink gan"@Drealskit: Still not drunk...? On beer again"
Peaceful night tomorrow. I don't want to go crazy and end up in a bed with a bunch of drunk lesbians again.
Still not drunk...? On beer again
New years resolution: never smoke a cigarette again... Besides maybe an occasional drunk Newport
ion think i want get drunk again
Have a great night everyone , i'm heading out for a bit , don't expect any drunk tweets , but then again i wouldn't bet on it.....
Should I get drunk on New Years again?
His DRUNK ASS on the phone talking all this Love Dove shit...again.
cant wait to dance drunk tonight ... again,yesssss.
Ill be drunk again, to feel a little loooooove. Cant get enough of my boy ed
Ill be drunk again, to feel a little loooooove. Cant get enough of my boy ed<3
Get drunk again tonight, pshhhh.. whyyy notttt
My parents are drunk again.... And they are fighting.... Again...
I don't wanna get drunk again.
Carne asada, and family so im getting drunk again:)
The first thing my mum asked when I got home just now: 'Why so drunk? Love issues again uh? Eric uh?'
Smh. The drunk is @ it again!
"@AllEyezOnAsh: "everyone is attractive when you're drunk" - - 0_o bulllllshit!"<<<ill neva get dat drunk again Ctfu
Drunk onxce again LOOOL live life boy!
I can't wait to get drunk again!
It's. Only the start of thre evening and I am already drunk, oops (again)!
sigh, my dad's going to come in drunk and start saying all i want is dick and i'm a fat slag again. buzzed for this.
My dad is drunk once again. Dude, it's 3:38
Maybe i'll get drunk, again.
I wanna get drunk again 2nite...who wanna come over???
but then again she drunk ... <<>>
Never will i drunk and go to a club again
Im tryna get shitfaced drunk again ツ
Came home from work pretty drunk (and yes, I drove), took a nap, and now I'm going out again to celebrate with my friends. I love my life!
Woke up still drunk and started drinking again ha ha fucking alcoholic ha ha
Now this is what I call a hangover, never wanna be that drunk again oooft
We bout to get drunk. Wake up drunk. Drink again n keep it going all way they the new years
omg apparently alcohol makes you put on loads of weight, but alas i am drunk again
Oh wait, is tommorow again that day when everybody are drunk as hell and theres f#cking fireworks allover the sky?!
Guess you're "drunk" again. Smh. :D
When new years again, fuck it I know ima be drunk again tonight
Well let's hope I don't get so drunk I drop my phone again, so sad about the scratches.
And what are all your names again? We drunk, remind us.
If you think AAA offering to give free rides home is gonna stop niggas from driving drunk, think again.
I'm drunk again with my brother hihohoho
But then that's all part of the fun! We'll be playing Nuts and Bolts again in January when there's nothing to play and we're not drunk.
Bro im sooo embarrassed im not ever going anywhere with my parents again. My mom is drunk, my dad is tipsy. This is some bull
"Almost drowned trying to smell my farts in the bath" my sisters drunk again :L
"@callme_CHEEKS: lol why am i getting sober for tonight when ima be drunk again" cuz that's what champs do! Where we drinkin at lol
Then again I started 2011 drunk, why not end it the same way?
The question is should I go out 2nite again and get drunk
"@kingjazz3: I'm prolly never drinkin again smh I got to drunk and couldn't drive" PUSSY
Seem to be packing for an overseas trip while drunk again..... this is now a habit of multiple of years, or I'm just not sober often...
Im glad the party isnt at my house this year.. lol tryna clean and get people out drunk... No never again
Ugh!  I was get drunk again tonight..
I'm prolly never drinkin again smh I got to drunk and couldn't drive
Also, she thinks she's "in love" again. She's had 3 kids to 3 different dads. And she gets drunk every weekend while her mum watches them :/
I just can't wait to get drunk again tom!!
You’d think as drunk as I got last night that I wouldn’t be in a bar again tonight. You’d think.
New years eve is not an excuse or reason for one to get drunk or lifted... Do that on a reg if that's ur steez. Again folks wait for wha?
probably getting drunk again toniiight.
Pilot not drunk, just from New Jersey (no difference). He says the plane is broken so we wait again.
I'll be drunk again to feel a little love
I would subtweet again, but I'm drunk. So just DM me lol
"@Shane_Boyyy: drunk texts = sober thoughts" you can say that again
im glad i have the opportunity to lay in bed again all day, while my friends are in montreal drunk off their faces
Drunk again.
Tomorrow I'm getting so drunk I'm just gonna put myself in the corner again nd stare at the wall
I'm never getting drunk again, I talk entirely too much
super excited to get drunk again tomorrow night!
drunk for the first time last night, and trust me, it will NEVER happen again.
new yeas , im going to get drunk , pass out , wake back up and do it all over again
real life question: i am hungover and want to die, should i just get drunk again?
What I learned as a psych major is that I have to get drunk again, read it again, and then I'll understand
I wanna get drunk & do wild things TONIGHT!! Then tomorrow night again!!.. And not forgetting the night after tomorrow night too :-)
My mum is drunk! Again!!!!! Dancing like she needs a shit
!!!!!! “@callme_CHEEKS lol why am i getting sober for tonight when ima be drunk again”
Everyones high again great why everyone I chill with either get drunk or high can't win lol
Looks like my nye plans may have just collapsed ... looks highly likely ill spend it drunk and alone watching my Adele dvd again! F M L
Dude at work puts Moonshine in Parrot Bay bottles to get hoes drunk at his house. He probably shouldn't say that out loud ever again.
This nigga just said dnt get drunk tonite? -______- come again likeshit? Lol i'mma be wasted!!!!
Maybe I'll get drunk again, to feel a little love.
Bt I was drunk a'f lol -never again
Skindred tomz nite can't wait :P get to see N chill with benji again wooop ganna get to drunk
Nominations open for best tweet of 2012 include "I AMZ Drunk," "Didn't get laid... Again," "Must Read!," and "F*ck Breastfeed Haters!"
I can't wait to wake up drunk tomorrow and then do it all again tomorrow night!
maybe ill get drunk again tonight lol I ain't shit!
i went into the new year last year drunk as hell, and look how this year turned out. -_- i'm not doing that again.
Tropa's night again! Can't wait to get drunk,ayshhh....
Ive learn my lesson i was drunk one night n the club.... JUST KNOW IT WILLLLL NEVER HAPPN AGAIN
'If you do this again I will rip your heart out.' Think my cousin is drunk...
Omg I'm so drunk AGAIN off to go meet the cousins again in abit ♥them I do....
I'm starting to feel slightly normal again, time to get drunk!
Is getting drunk yet again in the OBH
Maybe I'll just get drunk again...
I made a promise to never get drunk again.  Im hurting ..
dmn sav?“@graniash: Get coffee, gossip, laughing, shopping, get vodka and tequila at night, laughing again, laughing hard, drunk, hangover.
im so dam SLEEPY i feel like im DRUNK all over again fr
I'll be drunk, again, To feel a little love.
Also I may or may not have been very, very drunk last night. Very drunk me is fun though. She gets to go out to play again tomorrow.
In Norfolk. Drunk again!
And what are all your names again? We drunk, remind us... Are any of y'all into girls like I am? lesbian-ist
Bout 2 get ready 2 go 2 Houston...& I'm still drunk af smh...& I'm going in again!!!!!! Lol
"@RandomlyAmberly: i havent got sloppy drunk since 14"<--- bout time to get sloppy again huh?lol
Drunk again
My parents are trying to get me drunk. Again. They know I love champagne.
RON PAUL PASSED OUT DRUNK ON MY COUCH AGAIN SUCH IS LIFE
Damn bro is drunk again. Urghhhhh...
Get coffee, gossip, laughing, shopping, get vodka and tequila at night, laughing again, laughing hard, drunk, hangover. Gosh, I miss Wendy!
I hate it when my wife nags me for being a drunk, but then I remember I'm not married & I'm just fighting again with the churros lady.
Lol gatss "@Krozemyami: Haha again?! RT "@Official_Trick: then I'm drunk again.....""
& gettin drunk again tonight..
Iwanna drink on new years's , bt I'm def . Not ever again gettn drunk again!
I wanna eat get drunk, get high eat sleep! &nd do it all over again.....
Is it to early to already be drunk again..
So do I !!“@OneAddyJ: I wonderin if ill leave work drunk again this year...”
I can't wait for tomorrow night, but i'm not looking to get drunk again :-/
Never smoking when I'm drunk again....
Bout Ta Start Gettn Drunk As Hell Every Weekend Again
Packed day today.. Getting drunk right now .. Then sober up.. Then get drunk again at the queh queh tonight..
Haha again?! RT "@Official_Trick: then I'm drunk again....."
An i done drunk all kinda shit im bout to hit the bar again
Lmao so calvin said im too pretty to be gettn drunk lik lastnight & I shouldnt ever drink again
Going home again today .. Get drunk today tomorrow
i know lol we were both so drunk hahahaha what were we talking about again?? haha
Drunk again...this is getting silly now! Lol! 2012 is going to be a sober year!
im lightwieght scared to get drunk again!
Me-lets get drunk again.  Brit- at 2 in the afternoon?  Me- Yahh!!  Brit- Okayyy !!
Me-lets get drunk again
Me- let's get drunk again
Niceee "@Official_Trick: then I'm drunk again....."
I hope Mike drunk texts again tomorrow. Lmfao
I've been drunk, n hungover all break. last thing I feel like doing is getting fucked up again. i think.
im going to need to be drunk to see you again..
then I'm drunk again.....
had a ball yesterday, went out to lunch, went bowling got drunk went to dinner got drunk again went to the hooka bar geeked af :)
Went to sleep drunk af fuck.. woke up feelin lik shit smfh..bt im bac at it again
I never want to be that drunk again ever lmao
Never eating dennys while drunk again.
il be drunk again
going to get drunk again tomorrow and regret it again the next day.
I start to feel shitty, and then I just feel drunk again. Weirdest shit. Musta been them grape bombs.
Probably gota gt drunk tonight Smh I can't b sober again to January 2nd
now i wanna get drunk all over again ...
My brother is drunk, again... And eating all of our food, again. stillunpaidDDNamlVK
Shoutout to my uncle again tho for buying me a bottle. But it never made it here cause he drunk that shit
pardy hard last nite wit str8 family it felt good... we gt drunk is shit n we doing it again 2nite im wit it.....
Last time I was in NY I was passed out drunk on the sidewalk of Houston st ... That CANNOT happen again ... Smh
can't wait till tomorrow to get drunk with my friends again!!
Lol odeh "@kontrol_gee: Guy pls r u drunk again :|"@segunakano: Ur papa? "@kontrol_gee: I jus av 1 lousy person in ma ous!"""
Guy pls r u drunk again :|"@segunakano: Ur papa? "@kontrol_gee: I jus av 1 lousy person in ma ous!""
Tee my nigga I swear we gotta get drunk again together
My brother is drunk, again... And eating all of our food, again. stillunpaidDDAq9tf
*cross my heart hope to die* im nevr gettin DRUNK again
fuk it im gettin drunk again tonite
Maybe I'll get drunk again, I'll be drunk again. I'll be drunk again to feel a little love.
I'm cooling this New Years while I receive all the drunk texts and calls from people lol but then again me and the sis might hit up downtown
Got drunk with my manager again, woke up, AND she made me breakfast. Best job ever.
I would like to know why is it when you drink water the morning after drinking pernod do you become drunk again?
Honestly, it's been a while, I'm drunk again with my bestest friends ever.. best feeling in the whole wide world! Cheers!
the drunk bitch left her credit card at the bar again
"Take Me Home, Take Me Home .. I'll Never Do It Again, Why Are Yall By Me Move" - Drunk Louryn
Drunk af last night...and gon be drunk af again tonight...
I wonderin if ill leave work drunk again this year...
Then again I'm not tryna go far and get hit by no drunk ass for real
Im tryna get drunk n high all over again
Mmm never gonna drink this much again. Headache. But good thing is i didn't go drunk crazy or sth
Bullshit!!! Once again too drunk and please disregard...... AGAIN!!!   I NEED A REAL MAN, where can I find one?v??
IF EVER YOU'RE IN MY ARMS AGAIN HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA nyeta sino drunk
Coconut ciroc gets no play in my book again.. Shits had me off my ass last i drunk it.. Walkin into park trucks an shit lol
Maybe I'll be drunk again, to feel a little love again
Could do with lovin life in a field and tent again! Not being bothered just getting drunk round a camp fire hahaa
drunk again, 3 days in a row :D
Each one of my friends I let drive have scared me in some kind of way while they were driving drunk!! Lmao so I said never again
Still drunk smh. Never am I mixing patron shots & Chardonnay again!
Every time I get drunk to the point I'm sick, I vow to never drink again.
gettin drunk again tonight for the fuck of it lol
Drunk again tonight!
Wanna drunk again at 1 JAN 2012 like 1 JAN 2011~ ♥ Anyone wanna go DRUNK together tomorrow ? =DD
i vowed to never get drunk again after spring 2011 ldoc. i've stuck to that.
Now To Talk About This Fake Drunk Shit Once Again... What Do People Get Out Of That, Do Y'all Think Its Cool Or Some ?
Told u smh "@COLD_N_Cocky4: Mane Im sick yall.....i will NEVER workout the morning after i got drunk again"
"What's the point of getting sober if you're gonna get drunk again?"
That drunk moment when you swear you'll never drink again & the next morning you wake up like "hmm, what bottle am I getting tonight?"
Should I, should I? .Maybe I'll get drunk again .I'll be drunk again .I'll be drunk again .To feel a little love
Got high, played snoopy, got drunk, madeout with some random guy, got high again then got my car searched by the cops Very interesting night
New Years Eve.. i Dont Wanna Get Drunk Goin Into A New Year..  But Then Again i Do So i Can Forget Everybody i Aint Bringin Wit Me In 2012.
again.. drunk times 10 :]
tonight i plan on getting sloppy drunk! who's taking care of me?! lol, jk. never again.
i wanna get drunk af again.
For being drunk last night, I feel amazing today. Think I'm gonna do it again tonight.  Yea....think so.
Damnit, again with the drunk tweets? Really?
Drinking this water is just making me get drunk all over again...
Last new year was my first time getting drunk I was so drunk I couldn't walk lol this year I'm doin it again
Man, if I was ever to see "our nigga stixx"'s drunk ass again, I know that fool wouldn't remember us. Too fucked up.
Get drunk. Nap. Get drunk again. I think this is how wagyu cows roll.
I won't gt drunk never again such a bad experience!!!!
I'M N ALCOHOLIC I WAKE UP DRINKING GET OFF DRINKING GO TO SLEEP DRUNK ND START ALL OVA AGAIN LOL
Next time I drink, I'm throwing my phone out a window. Bad idea to be around a phone when drunk...Haitian rum mixed with remy, never again
i have drank that much this week i dont think my boady can get drunk again lol
This dudes ah want to play charade, make sure they aren't drunk. If not, later fight again like last night.
Delighted to inform everyone that my hangover is gone. I am, however, drunk again.
Enjoying Densyu again. A little bit drunk, but euphoric...
Then again I wish I was drunk right now
Wohoho. Tomorrow is the day to party with friends. Gonna make my friends drunk again :D
never gonna get myself drunk again! fuck!
Then we getting drunk again tomorrow night
really starting to dislike babyshambles again, every song sounds like they're drunk
Still drunk sitting in the waiting room. Waiting to find out if I'll ever be able to sit normally again
My aunt liked my status on Facebook about getting drunk -___- I'm never getting on again...
& what are all your names again, we drunk, remind us.
Ill be drunk again, to feel a little love.
Alright. I won't get drunk again for awhile. What? New Years? Hell yea!
I did a bid just for drunk drivin,It'll never happen again cuz now I'm drunk flyin
I'd much rather work tomorrow than get drunk than again i'd much rather do a lot of things than get drunk...
I don't wanna get drunk in New Years. I don't wanna get drunk EVER AGAIN.
Having another family Christmas dinner again... Getting drunk this time!!!!
“@kmonarq7: If a person cant understand that they already killed someone that way, they R hideously criminal to do drive drunk again.” Agree
Note to self: Don't be drunk in the snow again.
I'll be drunk again
Falling in love is like getting drunk. You wake up with a horrible hangover, swearing that you'll never drink again...
Last Friday of 2011 ! whose getting drunk one last time...then doing it all again tomorrow! Love the Christmas period, Happy new year!
maybe ill get drunk again
I think if at 20 if all you are worried about is getting drunk every night, you need a job. Again, not a subtweet. It's the truth.
maybe i'll get drunk again, i'll be drunk again
If your tweet says "I'm at a bar getting drunk again" with "via web" below it, what do you think are the chances I'm going to believe you?
the drunkest I'll never get again ! Shakey. Ever lets me forget !!! “@boujeebijou: Last nye I was drunk af. The drunkest I've ever been...”
I have to redeem myself today and bang some mans at Fifa... Never gonna play it drunk again lol
Drunk at Brentwood ctrain station. Again.
Back where Jesus found me... one time I was so drunk and sick I dry heaved for like 2 hours.. I said I would never drink like that again.
Mane u kno its too many ppl in 1 house when u gotta step ova folks when u walk across the flo smh I'll neva get drunk and fallasleep again
Drunk Beyond Measure smh AGAIN
never getting that drunk again! fuck new year im staying on the milk!
Drunk or passed over on the streets, don't assume me looking for you again.
I'm fucking drunk again why
Drunk texts strike again
When people get drunk on New Years they automatically think they can dance really good... Think again...
drunk the medicine and watching transformers again, i hope it will better for tomorrow :)
Can't wait to go home and play Xbox again! Who else will be home for new years? I'm feeling some drunk gaming.
Drunk again!
Last night was fun and shit but I'm never getting that drunk again...
Once again "I HATE ALL FEMALES WITH MORALES WHEN IM DRUNK"
Never drinking again....how is it possible to still be drunk :/
I swear I am NEVER going to get drunk again :\/ From now on, its JUST Powerade. Botawa bona bo re tlama ka ditaba tse re sa di tsebeng :\/
Maybe I'll get drunk again, to feel a little love again.
Just had to emergency break for a puppy and then later again when a drunk man staggered into the road. Is it bad I cared more for the puppy.
Woke up drunk and put the trash out again. Can't i do normal drunk people things?
What a glorious felling I'm drunk again
Want to get drunk again tonight! Anyone feeling it?
Vomits,  gets drunk again,  vomits RT SaintClitolas if only I had a pool of henny black the possibilqvNTq
Tonight. You get drunk. You get fucked up. You forget about your problems. The next day. You wake up. You remember all your problems again.
Drunk. Again.
Friday night before New Years Eve. Its Friday so I feel obligated to get drunk , then again I need to conserve energy for SAT nite  hmmmmm
iRead That Letter LastNight When iWas Drunk and iRead It Again Sober and Nothing Changed. !!
Get drunk. Again.
I swear I am NEVER going to get drunk again :/ From now on, its JUST Powerade. Botawa bona bo re tlama ka ditaba tse re sa di tsebeng :/
My dad just said I'm not walking about town at half 6 by myself drunk again. Soz I missed the bus cause I'm an idiot.
Wana die. Hate alcohol. Never getting drunk again. Hate it.
Why am I so dumb? Never getting drunk ever again ughhhh
maybe I'll get drunk again I'll be drunk again, I'll be drunk again to feel a little love <3
I have now learnt to never draw on myself again when drunk. Particularly in ink that doesn't seem to want to come off. Idiot.
Getting drunk with my bitches again on New Years :D
Although irritated, they ignore him again. The drunk stands up again points at the boy and yells: ‘Your Mum’s sucked my cock!’
Classic Gary getting too drunk!!! Edinburgh all over again. GOSH!!!
Smh, Im too high nd drunk nvr again.
Once again I was very drunk last night. Strongbow is poison! A GOOD POISON!
Yeah I'm talking to you drunk ass idiots I just left at the bar. Never being DD for you again. Have fun getting home.
Too many kicks to the beer gut! Goodnight Brock Lesner. Overeem and Dos Santos should be a much better fight.
Too much beer ughhhhh
So much beer, too little time
Fake going-away party featured way too much wine/beer and pizza. Remembered that tomorrow's focus is wine/beer and pizza.
Too much beer...so full
I've drank wayyyyyyy too much beer lately
Trying to decide if taking a bottle of gin to a house party is too much effort, and I should break my beer ban just for the night...
Apparently pizza and beer is too much to ask for here -__-
ice cream and then beer.. TOO MUCH ENERGYYYYY hahahahaha
I gotta get off the Sunnyvale diet.  Too much pepperoni, Doritos and beer tonight have made my tummy rebel like students at Tiananmen Square
Too much head is bad sometimes.  On a beer I mean. Of course.
This likkle kid is too much bout she wants beer
My mama watch the food channel too much. We have some shit new every week. Last week we had beer marinated chicken. Fyeee boas
This root beer has too much water -______-"
Too much Ikea assembling, not enough beer.
ima spoil someone in 2012..beer's had too much of my money this year £££
There is too much beer stuff to do tonight.
This year I listened to too much Adele, dipped my toes in the Atlantic, drank beer in many Walmart parking lots and smiled a fucktonne.
um holy dick I ate wayy too much at dinner!! Now...how to make room for all the beer I plan to consume tonight?!?!
I drink too much beer
Don't drink too much beer!
Too... much... beer...
Grocery delivery guy just told me "Happy New Year! Don't drink too much!" Um, dude, this huge belly sticking out is not from beer....
Just back from my mates. I've had too little beer and too much bru. Wired awake.
Beer has too much yeast....so nah ion drink it
I bought so much good beer for tomorrow night. I'm worried that I'll be too drunk before I try em all now :(
Why yes I did just make my own philly cheesesteak nachos at the grindhouse. Oh, the beer is free too. Jealous much?
"if you drink too much beer you'll never see next year" hahaha my mom Is too funny (;
I don't always drink beer, but when I do... I prefer to drink too much of it.
Love is like drinking beer. Once you get too much of it, you begin to act stupid.
fuck this me need about 3 beer right now dem ppl dey work ah stress me too much
“@Lwhomble: DAMN........TOO MUCH... but good, bc idc a fuc%*&* (: shit......  .:” HAHAHAA OKAY LOSER. Like omg .One beer :) love you
simple dinner tonight: just put the browned bratwurst into a bed of sauerkraut, splashed with a good bock beer [not too much] & covered
my heads sore too much beer and vodka
--ain't nothing going in tonight but a loud party crowd drinking too much beer
Too much beer + mw3 = bad aim = bad mood
Ah, just seen a lovely little mouse on Bham New Street Station. He was so cute. Oh dear, I appear to have consumed too much beer
Too much beer, nearly enough Mexican.
yeah that's why i wouldn't pour my drink on your head... i love my tequila too damn much. i'd totally steal somebody's beer and do it tho!!
My sister brought over a bud light "Michelada"lime juice, salt&tapatio every sip reeelaxing..hadn't had a beer in yrs..not too much beer.
Warning to all my followers... I'm going to drunk tweet entirely too much tomorrow. Starting early with the beer Olympics. :)
Heartburn from too much drinkinng along with a beer gut 21 years old what are you doing to meeeee
Tonight's telly was too much. The demise of the beautiful Corrie lesbian relationship and of Pat Butcher. Only beer can assuage the pain.
I drank too much birch beer today.
Too much beer!
Feeling a bit sick cos of too much caffeine. Hoping beer is curative!
I'm not renting my room out to anyone with a child... I cuss and drink too much. I'll spill beer on ur daughter then you'll wanna fistfight
When white people have too much beer......smh
"@JayGibbs09: *comes up for air & a beer while I'm at it*": Um far too much info:)
It's always a good night when you end up with TOO much beer....
Watching the Top Gear Special and drinking (too much) beer.
Not that it was bad, but just too much of the same thing, like sometimes you get sick of beer and have to switch to wine for a while
my new years resolution...to love better, pray stronger and live wiser.  . .ahhh, fuck that...too much work. now, where did i put my beer.
.... little belly couldn't take too much when he attended his inaugural beer festival in August! Hope you're keeping well mate
Too much beer "@AKPRAISE: Igbo Girls and dia Biq stomach. :|"
Urgh. Too much food and afternoon beer. Sooo sleepy!
Too much beer...my head is killing me!!
Hate to admit it but I think I might have to join the gym! Getting podge! Too much beer and too much food
Men's Humor has some great stuff but too much garbage about beer.
Do you ever wonder why... L♥VE is like drinking beer? It's because once you have too much of it, You start to act... STUPID
My doctor told me I shouldn't drink too much alcohol because of the medication. Basically, I am as drunk after a glass of beer as others ...
Alyssa: Aiden, Breezys hungover Aiden: whats hungover? Alyssa: she drank too much beer Aiden: Girls cant drink beer they drink apple juice!
I'm going on a beer and water diet. I drink too much soda.
I need more beer ...This pain is too much
Too much of beer is equally proportional to the time spent in the loo peeing :p
i really should know better than to drink too much beer the night before a long train journey. stomach made it home though
Right not going to my dads now as he's had too much beer to drive us to his house :(
Feeling human again , way too much beer yesterday
Journey planning is all too much; I'm having another beer.
Have definitely gained weight since quitting meat. Unquestionably too much rice, red wine and beer i
i don't care how fancy your beer pong table is, $800 is a little too much.
"drank too much beer last night, a lot more than we wanted to"
Too much beer last night.
Too much beer. Need to sleep. Fuck everything
Too much beer
Too much beer, too much a beef!!!
Love is like .drinking beer, .once you get .too much of it, .you begin to  .act stupid !
Too much caffeine, wine, beer, rum and fatty foods.... Get on the cardio son...
Too much beer. Too little paracetemol.
Night before new years and I've drank too much beer.
i am rough! too much beer!
Tomorrow's New Year's Eve. me MA is going to call me so that we can have our annual fight about the "rumour" that I drink too much beer.
`Love is like a drinking BEER, once you begin too much of it, you begin to act STUPID. -__-
too much pizza and beer.
Home after an awesome family catchup. Too much choccy and beer! Oh well its Christmas.
Come on people this beer isn't going to drink itself. And if I saw such a thing it would mean I had too much of the stuff. :)
I bought too much beer. This never happens.
My whole .Body is numb. I don't understand. Too much beer pong ok goodbye
Too much beer in the fridge ...
Too much food and too much beer
I wish I could be classy and drink wine or champagne but I just love beer too damn much
People who don't drink beer tweet too much about coffee. Imagine if you could enjoy the benefits of both.
Played with the band yesterday. I had one or two beer too much. Doesn´t matter. I´m on vacation!
Ouchhh too much food or too much beer... I don't know.
I don't think I can stay up to ring in my birthday at midnight. Too much pizza, beer, and disappointment
i spend wayy too much of my money on beer
Too much German beer
Ok powerhour got me ready to vomit...actually i threw up already...way too much beer
Dad spent over a $100 on Pizza, wings, and Beer. Sister too hung over to really drink or eat much. Dad pissed cause now she's at Mexican Bar
~Grows a Pasta tree & another beer tree~ . .Careful don't drink too much
I don't think i even really care too much about any other alcohol. It's beer that gets me pissed off.
Parting thoughts for 2011: too much time with loony relatives, not enough time with beer and football.
Enjoying this ginger beer way too much
Omg if I eat anymore I'm going to puke too much beer
Why drink beer. .There's too much liquid involved, to get the alcohol!
Anyway too much beer not enough sleep goodbye world see you at about midday
TOO. MUCH, BEER.
That's it, exercise starts tomorrow!!! Way too much food and beer over Xmas!!! 
Tell me about his dad and what his dad likes he told me 'my daddy likes beer but not too much because it makes you crazy' ... How CUTE!
I'm drinking Blue Moon's winter abbey ale and am surprised by how much I like it. Ales are usually too beer-y for me.
i know i say i won't drink too much on NYE because of work the next morning, but i know i inevitably will once i've got the first beer in me
Beer, too much pizza, book. Evening nap inevitable, transition to night's sleep likely unless someone objects.
My new camera is perfect because I can scribble out the beer bottles and too much cleavage from the camera itself!
Barf! Beer makes you burp too much
What should I drink for new years eve?Had too much beer so need a change...
Kadyn drinking root beer outta ha baybee doll's lil sippy cup! She too much!!
12 cans of A&W Root Beer? Yes please! And I don't think £15 was too much to pay. Now to track down those cheetos...
New poster displays all the health benefits of beer: HEALTHY HEART: – Beer contains B6, vitamin known to lower homocysteine, too much...
laying in bed, soo tempting to get a beer from the alcy fridge... Too much effort
Eaten far too much food and drank too much beer again, feeling very bloated.
Too much time and not enough beer prompts these once internal thoughts and makes them manifest.
someone is popping popcorn here. It's bringing back memories of deliciousness and too much beer from last night
There's a pretty good ratio going on here,there's too many girls and too much beer
Ah crap, I ate too much and we're going clubbing tonight... oh well. Niggas gon be grabbin' on my beer belly I guess~
Am spending too much In gibsco,everybody Iz abeg  Buy me *beer* *beer* ..... Hmmm
FUCK need loads of beer, money and beer. Can't be too much to ask!
Off on a beer hunt. Not looking for it to put up too much of a challenge.
Eat way too much of the badass stu...hmm..hmm..stew(?) Now beer and food-coma awaits...
Too much Chateauneuf-du-Pape, too much food, too much beer, walked too far out at Blakeney - had to get bus back from Cley. Need Routine?
Drank too much beer last night :( Beer has become the enemy! No good. Give it a day or two and we'll be back on speaking terms.
Been losing too much weight, I need to lay off the booze and drink more beer.
I just told this dude to buy my beer I play too much lol
I honestly feel like raising hell, whoopin ass, and drinking a ton of beer. Too bad I'm not much of a beer drinker
I had a little too much beer on a Thursday night. melancholy night. Th view of SG skyline n Fullerton hotel right in front of my view.......
I've drank too much beer & burnt my mouth on curry and it's only in the 5pm hour! Oh Lordy.
Too much beer omg hwhgdshg
too much beer was drunk last night
Too much liquor and beer. Lol headache
Clothes shopping done! (Spent far too much!) ... Now, does anyone fancy a beer or five?...
Too much beer not enough time
Sbs gayo tonight? Too much beer-ing for past nights
Blaming banks is like blaming a 13-yr old for drinking too much when it was Dad who supplied the beer.
I need to go to the gym at least twice today. Too much beer last night
My body is telling me I've had too much beer yet on Saturday night I'm going to what is essentially a free bar. Ah well the good die young.
"Love is like drinking beer, once you get too much of it you begin to act stupid." Chris Brown♥
Too much beer aint enough beer
I drank beer too much yesterday at Okubo and Shinjuku. But I went to home correctly.
Fuck! I feel like a chicky from Nandos ... Got to see the indian's new place and maybe grab a beer. Too much of him is irritating 3hrs tops!
Time to get Christmas out of the system, too much turkey and beer has been had!
Ate so much shit food in last week, late nites, big lie ings, n too much beer. Feel proper unfit. Heathy breathin walking up stairs
The Beast is back, after x-mas shit and too much beer and food.
Too much over flowing beer! Hahaha XD
Too much beer followed by a revolting chinese takeaway last night. Why do I do it.
Such a fun night last night especially towards the end (: Too much mokai cult and beer :b
Is it possible to have too much Ginger Beer? Made my stomach-ache >:(
I've only had half a cup of coffee over this Christmas period :-D (but WAY too much beer)
You'd drink lite beer too if your liver was as old as mine... You'd drink beer too if you had as much testosterone as I do
My stomach is feeling funny, too much beer and pizza...
Think I had too much to drink on a Wednesday am feeling kinda sick!  beer pong was funny!! Gonna spend the whole day in my pjs on sofa
drank way too much beer past 6 days....headache
I stood on the scale: 138 lbs. this is the heaviest i've ever been. been drinking too much beer.
I don't find this time of the morning funny. Not on my holidays. Not after such a crap sleep. And not after too much beer! :-/
Too much beer, fuck
Drinking a beer with the sis ;) . we're too much lol
Too much beer in too little time.
Beer and Top Gear for the rest of the night to ease my nerves and slow my thoughts. I have too much to say and I can't say it.
been drinking too much beer loosing my way to find a fairy tale
German beer...:) heartburn...:( hungry...:( tits, more :( than :) once again. Hope I'll be all smiles some day. But I think too much for tht
If you drink too much non-alcoholic beer, you may have a whiteout, ... and remember everything.
You know you're drinking too much when your bed is surrounded by empty beer bottles..
Too much chocolate beer
too much beer and I repeat myself
:)))))))) lol 3rd case , I hate beer it makes me pee too much
too much beer = not enough beer
Stomach says, "Too much cake. Too much beer." Brain says, "Oxymorons."
me-"i wanted to see that, but it seems like too much of a chick flick for me to handle." erin-"why? there's guys and beer in it.."
Woow I eat waay too much, can't wait till I'm older I'll have a beer belly :(
Too much nachos, need more beer
Too much chinese food for me.. Beer belly incoming lol
Massive karaoke and beer session has destroyed my voice. Too much smoke!! Wish kuroneko would hurry up so I can pass out ♪───Ｏ（≧∇≦）Ｏ────♪
im pretty sure my diet has consisted of entirely too much beer recently
If I have to pay way too much for	a beer I'm at least making it a guinness
i'm gonna drink another bottle of this beer cause I didn't like it too much (and otherwise it'll sit in my fridge forever)
Have definitely gained weight since quitting meat. Unquestionably too much rice, red wine and beer in the new "diet."
Tits have too much power. "Whoops, saw some tits. Can't go grab a beer, gotta trim these hedges."
"LOVE & BEER are EQUAL" . .coz once you have had TOO much daw, you begin to  .act STUPID!
Man, I'm feeling rough tonight.  Not enough sleep and too much food/beer must be the reason.
Being at Strike n Spare is almost like being at the dome... I can watch the game and the beer costs way too much
Too much flash on my eyes from last night. Better wear sunglasses the next time when I am having beer with street togs.. Lol..
but now im going to bed because i drank too much beer
Usual cafe latte w/honey in the chilly morning. Feeling still  full from the feast last night. Too much great foods n beer!
Is it too much to ask then when I get home for you to be there with a cold beer and ready to give me head?
I just wanna play beer pong, is that too much to ask for mineola?
Pat-my teeth feel weak is that a side effect of drinking too much beer .Mom-no .Pat-oh it must be a side effect of smoking weed .Mom-probably
I'm into bars, clubs be having ppl doin too much... And who does love beer from the tap?!!
Teenagers are sticking beer bongs down their anuses ...  too much mtv  smh
Love is like drinking beer once you get too much of it you begin to act stupid
Iswear when i drink too much beer,i can speak germano!
I just make $60 recycling empty beer cans and bottles. That's a sign that there's way too much drinking going on at the chateau
Not doing it again, too much beer  =S
Too much socializing done over the past several days, and coming weekend. Need alone time. Remedy? Beer and pool, baby!
sorry for blowin up everyone's timeline last night, i guess that's what too much beer does to me -__-
Late breakfast at Bob Evan's + 32oz of beer at airport = I'm gonna have that 'ate too much' feeling for my flight
Too much running? Trainers need replacing? Not enough beer? Someone explain this pain
guy looking atmy belly"you drink yo much beer" me "no asshole i eat too much food asshole now fuck off"
So my friend said: 'Beer makes everybody looks better.' sure? Too much beer make me kembung bodok. Even yourself!
and dancing everynight on bar tops to country music after drinking too much beer
Knn too much beer. How to fucking driveeeee?
Mmmmmm feel like I'm gonna be sick. Yuckkyyy too much beer last night :(
i just want to be on the beach with a beer in my hand, is that too much to ask?
Do you ever wonder why L♥VE is like drinking beer? It's because once you have too much of it, you start to act stUpid
Heading home for some beer-loving. Hopes to get a peaceful night sleep. I'm stressing too much on weak Dec sales.
What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger. Except for beer, too much of that will fck you up!
Feel ill, too much beer, too much food.. What's on the agenda for today? Ah beer and food. Good times :-)
EXHAUSTED!!! Farrrrr too much beer last night!!!
- too much whiskey, beer, gin and prosecco last night. Woke up this morning with no way to hold my head that didn't hurt, to quote KK.
Don't feel good, too much beer and silly amounts of curry
Starting to feel the effects of Christmas, too much beer and too much crap food my body feels like shit
MANE TOO MUCH BEER
Mmmmm beer, clamato and tabasco sauce. Seriously. Add ice for major refreshment. Fuck the celery salt rim, too much work.
Too much beer in my tummy 
Darts didn't go well yesterday, too much beer, going up a mountain today to shoot a movie!
I drunk too much beer and long island tonight
I think i drank too much beer and wine tonight because i passed out, just woke up with a crazy headache... Minor hangover be on cam soon
Too. Much. Beer. Not. Enough. Food
Too. Much. Beer. Not. Enough. Food.
I've been drinking too much. this beer belly is outta control.
I'm going to explode.  Ate too much after work. I'm sure the beer did help either. :-(
Love is like drinking beer. Once you get too much of it, you begin to act stupid :) .Noon :D
ok this LMFAO beer commercial has been on too much
Tonight was the last night. WAY too much beer. Checking into promises tomorrow. Yes I know NYE is this weekend. I'll be home. Sleeping.
Too much beer for a tuesday
I didn't care too much for root beer unt about 3 or so weeks ago.
I don't like bottled beer, got too much gas. Make me burp. I don't like to burp.
Too much beer.  "Good" night.  :)
Wow, 4am and I have too much morning left compared to the amount of beer in my fridge.
we have so much beer at my house, too bad i dont like it!
Love is like beer, if you have too much, you start acting stupid.
Great holiday break but way too much food, cookies, beer, wine, rum...Got way too fat...Ready for detox and moderation...Back 2 work tmrw
Dear Beer, . .You make me go potty way too much.
Too much beer for my own good...feeling the pain of the previous Jets loss
Good drunk test... You've had too much wwhen you can't pronouce your beer.
Too much Henny Privilege b4 the game too many beer at the game. Smh Nets getting Blown out SMMFH
I feel so ill, too much vodka, beer and cider :(
too much beer today! .almost time to take it down
Given that Dad used to get me to leave out beer for Santa instead of milk, it's hardly surprising that I might grow up to drink too much.
Tired. Hint of a cold coming on. Not enough sleep and too much beer. CHRISTMAS
Who says "This tastes too much like regular beer" in reference to drinking a BEER!?
You have great tits but can't pour a beer. There is such a thing as "too much head."
Too much beer gives me fun farts.
just as i nearly passed out from drinking too much root beer, i suddenly realized: everything has to be derivative to be understood
Too much holiday cheer. Or beer, can't remember
Beer companies are struggling to create new drinking occasions for consumers. Relying too much on sporting events + concerts
Feeling soo ill right now, too much beer and Chinese, can see the bulge already :) got to love the holidays!
Damn I've been drink too much beer
Water RT"@miraACE: Nooo "@lanre_101: Beer RT"@miraACE: Dear God let me not piss on bed this is too much"""
Nooo "@lanre_101: Beer RT"@miraACE: Dear God let me not piss on bed this is too much""
Beer RT"@miraACE: Dear God let me not piss on bed this is too much"
And now I know what the standards are it provides us with alot lower expectations and targets.... Think I may have had too much beer?!?!?
too much beer with cousins, i have got driving lesson tomorrow, omg.
A belated Merry Christmas; been away from twitter as there's been too much meat, beer and TV to distract me!
Too much beer over 9% in one day can lead to never drinking cheap beer again
It turns out that the big fat quiz of the year gives me extreme flatulence. Not too much beer and food but comedy quizzes. How bizarre.
Just got schooled on beer by my manager. He knows too much -_-
you have too much booze for a party when.... They send a delivery truck to your house lmao. Beer distributor said its a 1st for him
Guess too much to ask that the Commissioner kept beer in the office.
There's a pretty good ratio going on here, there's too many girls and too much beer.
“@theREAL_mohawk: My stomach Hurtin today, too much beer over the weekend ” not enough beer
Every time I think I drink too much, I find another beer in the fridge and realize everything's gonna be just fine.
My grandma just gave me money for beer and said "Forget the nights bc you drink too much, bc eventually you'll forget them bc of Alzheimers"
My stomach Hurtin today, too much beer over the weekend
Hope everyone had a lovely Christmas - mine consisted of far too much food, lots of whiskey, beer and laughs with the family! Brilliant!
Can't tell if I drink too much beer or just never buy enough beer.
I drink entirely too much root beer.
ok i wont go out. ill stay in and eat all the chocolate. too much beer last night. ugh.
you know you have had too much to drink when you knock out 2 or your teeth with your own beer bottle
Consumed too much beer these holiday!
So he ressemble so nice, but he drinks too much beer just because of his fucking stupid group of friends.
Drank too much beer last night. A lot more than we wanted to
Back from the cousins, had a brill time, too much beer headache now, but still well enough to play Skyrim surprise surprise!
Sore throat + too much beer = wrecked throat!!
Uh oh! I put too much beer in my mixture and now im tipsy.
Too much beer..makes me sleepy. Too much liquor makes me..more retarded..Id take beer
too much beer last night
too much candy and beer 
The Winchester brothers drink wayy too much beer for them to be alive for 7 seasons with their ghost/monster hunting haha
Holy shit, I just wanna go home and have a beer with the homies. Is that too much to ask for?usR
No such thing as too much beer...but I'm home all week if you need to get rid of some unprocessed beer
Anyone else got the post Xmas blues? Maybe a side effect of too much beer last night..
Too much beer and food, not enough coffee, raining -> Inside on the trainer today...Beaverdam countdown coming soon...
I Love root beer far too much
You know you can't have too much stress in ya life when the toughest choices of the day are: madden, FIFA, or COD? Whiskey or beer?
Tad too much beer.
Too much beer wit Corey ass
For christmas i got the shakes! Too much beer
Too much food and beer = one megga bog visit lol
don't try to carry every brand of beer & wine nobody ever heard of your servers spend too much time educating instead of taking orders, dumb
Too much beer and AA people
Ullll I drank too much celebratory wine last night...and beer...and brandy lol. WI is entirely too much fun for my health!!
My body is shutting down. Too much beer
Neh.. This ginger beer is flipping strong too much
No-Alcohol Beer now. "Beer taste soft drink". (T-T) I had drunk too much alcohol last half year.
Too much beer. Heed is bouncing
This is how a drunkard with too much beer looks like.
WARNING If you drink too much non-alcoholic beer, you may  remember the entire evening.
Heineken Experience today....as if I haven't had too much beer already. Let's do this!
feel like throwing up. too much beer
Drank far too much beer in these last 6 days. Sorry liver
My body is not amused with me - too much food, sloe gin, champagne, wine, beer, rum and G&T yesterday! :-S Detox needed!
... I no wan drink beer again. Yesterday own was too much
Man, have had too much festive spirit, beer, etc. Even played footy with the boys, to at least try and get some exercise. Stripping today!
Too much beer last nite
About go to sleep, too much beer and practiced a lot today for BP should be shooting real good come time the WSOBP!
Well that was fun wasn't it? Xmas done for another year. I'm a bit sick of too much food & beer. Need a break.
Is doing very little today, too much, beer, champers and baileys yesterday!
Had too much fun with Isaac & Trina yesterday...I guess that's why we ended up with so many beer cans on the back of the truck this morning
He said that I was drinking too much beer by saying that.
5K race on new years eve. I haven't run in weeks and I'm eating and drinking WAY too much this Christmas. Gonna be interesting. BEER ME!!
Not sure if been drinking too much or this fag just tastes like beer.
Mum txt about Lakers game: "OMG, so many tall, dark handsome players. May have been ugly up close. But from far ouch. Perhaps too much beer"
Why am I up :( too much beer and pina colada last night. Mintttt tho
What a way to finish one of my greatest Christmas by winning my fantasy football championship oh yeah! Too much porn tonight! Beer me please
Too much beer these past couple of days. Holy moly!
I really don't fuck with beer too much, it don't do nun for you but make you burp.....
WARNING If you drink too much non-alcoholic beer, you may "whiteout" and remember the entire evening. -Jonas Polsky ☺
Already had too much beer + tequila in Huntington village. I have a ride home so it ain't stopping. Text or message me. 4 wonderful replies.
too many nachos, too much beer.
Love is like drinking beer. once you have too much of it, you begin to act stupid. :D so.. Love Moderately. :)
I hate drinking too much, but when I drink one beer everything is good in life.
Too much beer.
It was fun, giggly, and distracting, kidnapping my Pea this afternoon :) I learned that we scare people when we've had too much root beer...
alil too much beer n liquor = headache @@
My mom was talking about how I drink too much then goes " do you want wine or beer while we're at my sisters?"
Too much beer and pizza not enough love= upset stomach ny style.
I've had too much when beer starts to taste good..
Just got worried that the beer had affected me too much and I wrote "I'm over Ron Swanson" instead of "Ron Paul." But no. PHEW.
Have had too much beer... Or, at least, a lot of beer.
So I asked the hubby if the beer was twist off in the store & he OPENED ONE! Guess looking at the threading was too much
Never thought I'd say this, but that was too much jalapeno chili mac and cheese. And fiery onion rings. And beer. And BLAT sandwich for one.
Getting unbelievably smashed on New Year, just decided I'm not drinking beer, too much effort, Jack Daniels it is
No matter how much I wish i was a Jersey girl, I could never be one. Too much makeup and such. I'd rather relax with a beer and my homies.
In serious need of a gym sesh. Too much beer and chocolate.
Too much beer@ attredgiville
there's too many girls and too much beer
Drunk far too much beer over the last 3 days!
I've eaten WAY TOO MUCH... My booty is falling outta my jeans... And my beer belly is in full effect...
Won the Deeney dessert wooden spoon-off today & what a star Kauto Star! Kids asleep & I'm enjoying too much beer, oh dear, Christmas blissss
Dinner -- just too much to even list washed down with beer, cava and port.  Yorkshire pudding two days in a row. Mmmm
Have so much American food in the house too. Be living off root beer and Cheetos all week.
I wanna play some dominoes, drink some beer and smoke a cigar. Is that too much to ask
Too much beer in my belly, it's going to explodeeeeee
Feel sick. Too much food and wine. Did not need that beer. Or those scratchings. Or that sandwich.
Never thought I'd be glad to see the 7 train. Too much travel, want to go home to beer, cat snuggles, and Skyrim.
I refuse to drink beer. I'm eating way too much already. Fuck that amount of weight gain lmao :')
Too much beer I'm sure but random conversations such as what novelty rubbers we used to collect as children must stem from alcohol.
Too much food not enough beer.....
"Love is like drinking beer... Once u have too much of it,u begin to act stupid."
Too much beer and dips. I'm high.
Damn mane this shxt too much i knew he loved drinkn always had beer n ref
Too much beer has been consumed over the last 48 hours.
I think little bro partied too hard last night w/ kid version of beer pong (w/ water),too much sugar& wii til 2am-poor kid is still asleep
Last nite?!!.. jacuzzi beer wine cake dominos and a roast?! Lol ...way too much fun... I love my SD fam!!
I really have drunk too much champagne, beer and baileys... so, onto the port.
too much meat, too much beer. Germany.
Out of lemonade and too much of wimp to get this stretcher through my ear. To the beer house!
TimFullerton lifeinthekey and by match, I meant game. Too much British beer today, I guess.
Too much food and beer
I've got a medical condition, I think it's called post Christmas shits, Too much wine and beer mixed with a ton of food, Hope ya all ok \m/
too much beer ,,,too much food   aghhhhhh,,,,,
Too much food and beer but im craving more and more
Having too much beer snooze right now ZZZzzzz
I'm quite bloated now, probably too much beer, I think that now is the time to move onto scotch.....less gas so it's probably better for me
Great lunch at Mum&Dad's now sulking after being beaten in Cambridge v Norfolk football, too much beer,wine and cheese. To top it city drew!
And too much beer
No im no alcoholic.... I just love my beer much too much.
Drank wayyy too much beer last night
I ate too much dat I ddnt leave a space for beer*sigh*
the goonies is a trip to my childhood I have eaten too much food and im not drinking beer this year again
Little cousin: "I wanted Frankie Cocozza to win The X Factor but he drank too much beer so he had to leave."
Too much beer will kill u?
Male Spouse Needed | Requirements - Fun (Not Too Much Fun),Tall,Moslem,No Beer-Belly,Responsible,Dark(Not Fair) | Apply 08038055483 | Pls RT
Male Spouse Needed | Requirements - Fun (Not Too Much Fun), Tall, Moslem, No Beer-Belly, Responsible, Dark (Not Fair) | Apply 08038055483
South africas cricket team had too much beer n braai vlies yesterdae n thy playin crap..#smh haha
Boxing day consists off, chucking a few bets on the footy, eating too much food, chilling watching the football with a beer
Drank far too much yesterday. And now i'm back on the beer again.
Love = drinking beer. Once you get too much of it, you start acting stupid.
Been drinking too much,time to do some workout and work on my packs before they turn into beer belly.
Christmas,what a disaster... Too much food, beer, wine and relationship disagreements...Is it a full moon? Cause everyone is acting crazy !
I had a dream about messiah beer. I be at work too much seriously
too much beer!
love is like drinking beer . once you have too much. you begin to act stupid :P
so much on my mind that i need a relaxing machine to cool off...too many thing running through..oga pass me the beer make i high....lol
cereal ? I feel blaaaaaah . too much of my dads beer . I told that nigga not to leave the beer on tha table ! my ass drinks !
drink beer too much,is no good for health.
Discussing the meaning of life while beer. Jesus. My head is gonna explode too much.
too much beer b
erk too much beer. ok! hav to start beer-diet now!! ... not.
Great Christmas, got tequila poured in my mouth, drank too much beer and spent a heck of a good time with the family. ♥
Every xmas i drink too much beer
It has to be beer or bud. Not both. Lol too much
Feels like 2 giants havin a boulder fight in my bowels. So GASSY! Too much beer or wine or meat or cookies or candy. Ugh.
Drinking beer with my bad ass brother Irvin. Marvin's too much of a pussy so he'll just order pizza.
“@ligiaroiz: Love is like drinking beer. .Once you get too much of it, you begin to act stupid”
Love is like drinking beer. .Once you get too much of it, you begin to act stupid
do you ever wonder why love is like drinking beer? it's because once you have too much of it, you start to act stupid
Too. Much. Beer. Pong.
my ID was swiped 2 separate times today, I look like a child and I buy beer too much
We went out last night, like we swore that we wouldn't do, drank too much beer last night, a lot more than we wanted to.
You can never ever have too much beer. Beer is God. I'm lying in bed and still drinking beer. Love beer.
My mom took my beer saying "have you been drinkin too much tonight?" Noo give it backkk! Hahaha
Alright i but too much hot sauce in my beer
If your sorority has to sell jam to buy beer, you're drinking too much.
Feverish. Muz be too much beer and hennesey vsop. needa rest :((
Nothing can kill your good time faster than too much beer. Or liquor leading to alcohol poisoning. Or unprotected sex leading to STDs...
I've been drinking too much beer these days-- I'm going to get SO fat!!!
I always drink too much coffee Christmas night. Back to beer
Been drinking too much beer and hard liquor. Wine night tonight.
Ate way too much food, need to add some beer to the equation!
Tired mentally and physically. Def drank too much beer for a duo family gathering.
Too much fire not enough liq just enough beer. Happy Holidays.
Too much pasta n way too much beer today. Goddamn.
“@Choke1989: My dad just said he needs my beer bong, which he calls a funnel to put oil in his car tomorrow, god hes dumb” too much tv
“@SWAG1NC: Too much estrogen in this house, I need a beer lol” Me too cuz!! Hennessy on the ricks with lemon would be a great side drink.
Too much estrogen in this house, I need a beer lol
RT@TakeThisDuff36: All I want is a couple of locos and hang out wit my girl...is that too much to ask for world? Lol<> and beer lmao
Feeling sick!!! Too much food, too much beer!!!
You know you've drank too much beer when you can't even taste it any more.
Never thought I would say this but Fuck! Too much beer!!
Too much beer, uuuugh
We had an awesome supper..wings ribs shrimp noodle dish veggie dish hot fudge sundae nd beer! Just too much..stuffed to the hilt
Too much wine, beer, cider and cheese last night..bleurgh. Early morning stodgy dim sum sorting that out. Diet has sodded off til next week.
Dad thinks I have too much beer in my fridge.  He's always thought that.  I guess there isn't enough room for all his hot dogs.  Hater.
Too much beer and too much food
If ur feeling sick coz of too much food, beer & coffee then indeed this is the most wonderfuuuul time of the yeeeeaaaar! Ho ho ho
Ahhhhh too much beer ahhhh
How much beer is too much?
Feel sick. Too much beer!
Shawn drinking beer, Richan had a bit too much to drink and me...Im the designated video caller :3
Too much food...time to do the beer now!
I've had way too much beer today & too much wine I'm feeling too nice not sloppy but I really want a blunt I feel like an alchy
99% of my sales at work have beer alcohol. family too much to handle? lol
Dad: where the beer at .Cousin: I bought LIQUOR..beer put too much on ya .Lmao highlight of my night
Give up.. Don't really want to be saying that on crimbo but I do! But hey ho I'm fucked from too much beer ergh.
I might fall asleep in this movie tonight. Too much beer /:
May of had dslightly too much champagne, slow gin, raspberry rum, rose and beer today
Drunk too much beer and polish vodka. Eat too much food. But one of the nest Christmases for a while :)
oh him? yah hes queer, like liquor like beer, smoke too much my mind is never too clear.
Back again.... Adverts.... And they're all about recovering from too much festivities...or beer adverts. A bit opposites
Too much beer....
Well I just spent way too much on beer. Merry x-mas!
Christ. Far too much food and far too much beer/wine. Yeah merry christmas :) xxx
I had too much beer...dhit now what
Had too much beer and cider today. Fuck. Lulz.@benjibarsby
I finally feel I can move,ate far too much,can now finally enjoy a beer#christmas
Xmas day nearly over and the over indulgence has been done! Too much xmas dinner consumed and now cant stop drinking beer! :-) :-) :-) :-)
2 bottles of port. 3 bottles of brandy. 13 bottles of wine. unlimited beer, peach schnapps, vodka, rum & far too much more. LOL @ work tomoz
Jeff got me beer pong balls... My mom didnt like that too much
Ok too much beer losing power of speech lol
Parents gave me a beer.... in swear I love them too much now....
3 bottles, plenty beer, too much food, great smoke, mane I love ma dukes. Yea I said ma dukes.
4 out of 5 family members recommend beer to recover from 'drinking too much beer'
The feeling where you eat and drink so much beer your bra is too tight...
Too much food, not enough beer
i've eaten far too much...time for another beer!
That fizz clatter just cost ne 17 quid. Doesn't matter what beer it was. It's far too much.
"Too much beer" - after these 9 beers.
Oh too much beer too much food so why am I eating still Arrrrgh
I got the nibbles. Cheese ball, homemade dip, Mexican beer ... Oh yeaaaaa. Turkey later if I don't nibble too much.
Too much craziness up in here. I need a beer. This is so queer.
The annual rotten turd that results from Christmas dinner, beer and generally eating too much. Love it x
Haha my mum is too much! Used to give bobo beer to cure her bellyaches wen she was a bby looool
I feel like I'm glued to the sofa. Far too much food and beer today.
Sooo drunk! Cognac, wine, Fuck load of jelly shots, champaign and way too much beer.
too much ginger in this ginger beer....
too much beer; hardcore vodka time!
I actually think I'm going to be sick, too much beer. I'M 'ARDDDD!
Had too much beer, back on the Champagne!!
RT if you've had too much beer
CHRISTMAS: eat, drink beer, eat, drink, drink, eat, have too much to eat that you feel like one more drop of beer will make ur mouth burst.
U go go???"@badmanazee: Slowwwww"@wizard_floa: .iswear!!"@badmanazee: Chicken and Beer Pressure be too much!!!!"""
Slowwwww"@wizard_floa: .iswear!!"@badmanazee: Chicken and Beer Pressure be too much!!!!""
.iswear!!"@badmanazee: Chicken and Beer Pressure be too much!!!!"
Chicken and Beer Pressure be too much!!!!
Ron had a beer belly at the end. Lol, too much firewhisky
Need a walk badly. Eaten far too much. Going for a walk, maybe past the Parkfield inn for a quick beer, not for me but the dog.
i wanna drink beer today too. so much beer i wanna be the most interesting man in the world.
Dinner at the in laws was great, eaten far too much though. Time for a beer & Dr Who soon. Hope everyone had fantastic Xmas Day.
I've eat too much food and drank too much beer. Merry Christmas all!
When do you call a halt on NOT EATING at Xmas?! Too much beer....too much grub! I love it! XD
I drink too much beer. too frequently.
Eaten a nice healthy Christmas dinner, and drank too much beer. So happy with my whole topshop load.
I drink too much beer. Whats new?
Going to fill my shoes with glue as my laptop broke, he drank too much beer and died. Goodbye Howard.
A four course mean is too much. No room left for beer! :-/
Ate too much popcorn, drank too much root beer. I feel like my lungs are going to explode.
YAY! Free beer for everyone! I got my Audition back! What is UP! (Yes too much HIMYM off late)
Stella artois beer me thinks:)xxx i have too much booze in this house hehehee xxx
Holiday headache haha too much wine and beer last night
Shouldn't have drank too much of wine and beer. Now like in cloud 9 and hell.
Ugh. Way too much food and beer. Well.... Let's keep it going.
Ppl who drink beer too much <<<<<<
All 3 bottles were dranked! RT@DodgerBlue_Aden: Who else drank too much last night and needs a beer asap???"
Right bored of the shit TV now, need something decent on or I'm going to fall asleep! Too much beer and food. Christmas should just be 2hrs
Too much beer my belly's about to explode
Merry Christmas :) don't drink too much Christmas beer tonight if you're driving! :)
too much beer :-(, starter consumed, veg into roast, casserole smells great, tea now n bbc2 for entertainment :)
Just eaten dinner it was bloody lush son number 3 is too full to move and hubby gone to bed, beer and food to much for him ha ha ha
Too much turkey. Too much ham. Too much lamb. Too much beer. Too much wine! .Exercise starts tomorrow LOL
I have very sleepy Nat on the sofa and too much beer in the fridge
Iiis is goosed. Too much beer... Too much food... Too much...
arghhh someone save me too much food and beer !
has eaten too much Christmas dinner, off for a nap.  Will wake and drink much beer later.
Meant time,  perhaps too much per lunch beer and then wine!
Drank too much of beer, sticking to wine next time
At the mothers with her fella and my cousin Andy. Good times! Bring on the beer, not too much tho I'm driving : )
Oh lord it's getting to me. I smoked too much bud and cigs and drank some beer and threw all my pills away. Overall, I'm glad.
Too much beer and gingerbread martinis and cookies and pies.
My Sister: "Santa Didnt Like The Cookiess =( " .My Dad ; " You shoulda left him a beer he got too much milk & cookies " lmaoo
too much beer and hangoverrrR. i'm going to alumni's Christmas dinner!:))))
In pub, first beer of the day! Only having a couple tho otherwise cooking the dinner would be too much of a challenge.
What a day...Santa, excited kids, too much food, just enough beer, great time with family, massive storms in Melbourne, Christmas done :)
Too much beer and wine haha
Merry fucking Christmas! Plan for today, eat too much turkey and drink too much beer while chilling in my new Sonic the hedgehog pj bottoms
Christmas Day is finally here .I hope yours is full of cheer .Fantastic presents and not too much beer .Save the rest for a Happy New Year
I'm home like finally! Feel kinda dizzy the for whole day, Too much of beer yesterday.
I have far too much chocolate and beer to be even remotely depressed now. (:
Too much beer has been giving to me (Drake Voice)
Merry Xmas all, my wife got me iPad2! Awesome! Having play thru it now, too much food & beer!
I think this is one beer too much...
too much strawberry beer last night ..
whew....finally home from Xmas Eve festivities.. Drank too much beer and champagne at grandma's house.
Want to stay up til 3 and watch the smurfs but I drank too much beer and ate too much food today. Good night to all and to all a good night!
too much root beer... IBC is just too good. im so sugar high right now, its like ive had 20 red bulls. hopefully i dont get the same affects
There's a pretty good ratio going on here. Too many girls and too much beer ;D
I drank way too much beer throughout the course of the day.  My tummy hurts.
Not a great night for beer. 1 drain pour- rogue voodoo doughnut bacon maple ale. 1 skunked beer. 1 so-so "too much going on beer" bleh.
Beer too much BEER!!!!
I feel sick, too much beer and jack for me last night :D :(. mixed emotions right now. Happy Christmas!
PaulLeMay damn apple beer had too much sugar in it I'm hurtin feelitbuddy
Too much food. Way too much food. And beer. Expanding like a cow on grass.
Merry Christmas!!! I drank too much beer and liquor...
A good problem to have is the fridge not being able to close bc there's too much beer in it
I had way too much cake and about 2 gallons of root beer....
I have to be up and at it early but I have way too much beer to drink to care about that
I drank too much beer and now I can't tell time.
Bloom family christmas consists of big buck hunter, too much indian food, even more beer and drunk relatives. Excellent.
Pigging out on elite seafood and now tiramisu. Way to spend Xmas. So stuffed. Too much beer. Good weather good times. Walk off the fat. :D
3 words...TOO MUCH BEER!!!!
Beer makes me pee too much , shits annoying
I been drinking beer way too much, my tolerance for liquor is low like shit
Its always awkward when you run into an old friend & notice they have a belly but you dont know whether to say congrats or too much beer?
all i want is a nice cold shock top beer right now. is that too much to ask for?
Too much long island and beer for me
Too Much Beer at this Party ..
When my mom hands me a beer, .you know she had too much to drink
Ok too much tweeting, I'm going back to my beer...#merrychristmas
i've had too much cider and too much beer and the world is wonderful and IT'S CHRISTMAS
I hate drinking beer, it takes way too much to get me drunk off it & its soooo disgusting ;b
Too much coquito ... A nice cold beer for now
Not enough beer, too much burritos.
just ate lutefisk for the first time and drank too much beer (not the first time).
Me and my sister still make our dad go into the living room first 'just incase santa had too much beer and has passed out' rofl.
Oh Dios estoy pedo...too much beer for me.... BEAR!
I would recyle beer, but drinking my own piss is just too much to wrap my brain around.... will stick to pre-bottled for now.
grans gave me beer and i swear i cannot drink it altho it's really good. if i'll drink,i'll be visiting the WC too much lol
"Dad, the dog just burped in my face." "Woah, he's had too much beer already." Hahahhahaha.
i had way too much beer last night..
dear papa, how's christmas in heaven?is it overflowing with beer and grapes too?I miss you soo much.
Merry christmas to all. I drank beer and wine,too much. lol.
CHRISTMAS IN AUSTRALIA! Don't drink too much beer and have a good day mate :)
Brilliant couple of days in Germany; Christmas markets, karaoke, much beer and frivolity too.  Glad to be back home for Christmas though :)
There's a pretty good ratio going on here. There's too many girls and too much beer.
Christmas is just too much pressure. Let's pretend Elroy Jetson is our "saviour" and he was born July 4; firecrackers, space hats, beer.
Too much salsa? Who calls beer salsa hahaha
My liver is gonna give up on me ! Too much alcohol in the past couple days !!
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much of it, its likely tequilya.
I drank too much alcohol tonight. I feel a headache coming on. =\
this is what happens when alcohol is involved. I always say too much....... whatever
Night I got too much alcohol in my system
What's everyone drinking tonight? I've got WAY too much alcohol as per usual.
Alcohol & an Amy. Horribly dangerous combination..  This is just waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much.
im blessed with my dad's alcohol collectionn , icann grabb anything iwant always :p he got too much to notice
haha i dont intend to drink much today too la.. i had it ytd n the alcohol still havent digest.. feel so bloated!
I keep thinking I don't have enough alcohol when in reality I have way too much.
Have a headache after I took the best nap.. Too much alcohol and shesh :P
That marshmallow alcohol has way too much sugar in it. I got diabetes from it.
too much alcohol consumed this week
Way too much alcohol this year. I hope I do not get too drunk before midnight.
I love alcohol too much
“@KatelynCorliss: Some People are just too much...”~~>>that's what alcohol will do to ya
I have way too much alcohol to not be doing anything tomorrow da fack. Just getting more...
Make ur new year's eve memorable,stay away from too much alcohol
Twitter is like alcohol..too much of it and true feelings come out
"@Iamcarlogambino: Too much alcohol tonight my head is killing my life." << Losing ur memory slowly mate
too much alcohol...sike lol
Too much alcohol tonight my head is killing my life.
My stomach ain't right since last night ,too Much alcohol
my mom said "now watch lavia try to play me tomorro, she gon have me buy her too much alcohol and my dumbass gon do it too -_-" lmfaoo
I'm already predicting shits gonna be out of control tomorrow night , too many similar people with to much alcohol
Too much Alcohol in the system
They drink their alcohol straight....just like me Hahaha I am too much like my fathers people...
Lmao there was so much alcohol too
There's too much blood in my alcohol system.
Is there such thing as drinking too much water?Drink a cup of water between drinks of Alcohol,if you don't want to drink too much!
I got wayyyy too much alcohol lhh
The A Team have had far too much alcohol on their NYE. Toast please.
Too much alcohol for tomorrow night. Hello hospital.
Too much alcohol
Far too much alcohol for two humans to drink over one night but awk well!
Too much alcohol, feel sick, eurghh.
I have too much blood, in my alcohol system !!
Whoooo what a nyt? Sleepy!! Too much alcohol in ma veins..see ya'll moro tweeps
Finally getting around to sorting out my birthday. Fancy dress is out of the window, too much moaning! So good food, alcohol and dancing!!
My mums throwing up downstairs due to too much alcohol! Real woman right there!
I was sick for the next two days. Too much alcohol and captain dickhead! Everyone at stans was throwing up! Haha CRAY
Too much Alcohol dan Blood in da system
Too much blood in my alcohol system!! Needa change that.
And there's way too much alcohol in this car to explain... Fml
RT “@Real_Bills: Taking a break from Alcohol after tomorrow...too much lately” // give over pisshead, I've said that so many times..
Way too much food and alcohol. I feel like i'm going to burst!:L
Too much alcohol can make a mess of your sex life!
Limit your alcohol intake before sex.  Too much alcohol can cause erectile dysfunction in guys and decreased sexual desire in girls.
I have waaaaaayyyyy too much alcohol hidden in my room right now... this is unsafe.
Kinda sad about brand and perry. Does that mean too much alcohol or not enough? Hope they both do alright.
You know i drink too much not to take my own alcohol . . Fuck that
i would go church tomorrow night but i have too much alcohol not to do something =[
Look At Me Getting Excited Over Alcohol Loooooool I Drink Too Much
I feel sick. Too much alcohol my ears are ringing
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much it could tequilya
Actually not too much cider. Too much combination of alcohol. Met Shane's friends tonight - feel even better now :)
Gosh the greatest thing about training is you dont want to drink too much alcohol, however when you have a ikkle its enough hahaaa ding dong
Alcohol is the DEVIL. Why can't people take a hint and leave when they've had too much? Can't be arsed with drama!
Not to self: Remember for NYE, too much alcohol results in a -10 to charisma, a -2 to bluff checks, and a +20 to my HP ;) lol
They really working me today. After I get off I need a hot bath, bottle of some alcohol, and some real good sex. Am I asking for too much.
Hopefully it won't take too much convincing to get my mum to buy lots of alcohol for me tomorrow
Off to the Gap, in need of a nice meal & a little too much alcohol :D
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary.  However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much of it, it's likely tequilya.
drinking too much my blood turns to alcohol <<<<<<<<<
Too much alcohol in my system.
Too much alcohol in ma system!! :(
My dad is offering me too much alcohol now a days, it's not like him at all...
RT yep “@OyeImTweetin: I really spend too much money on alcohol#NoBueno”
I think we own too much alcohol - oh well there is tomorrow ^^
Too much alcohol, too much food, too much chocolate and too much tv - it's been a good Christmas. :-)
my grandma put too much alcohol for the new years eve drink [; lmaooo
Just bought entirely too much alcohol for my own good. About to have a fantastic weekend! Cheers!
Too much alcohol in my system  turns me SUPER gay . Fuck around & you might lose your girl new years night .
I really spend too much money on alcohol#NoBueno
Too much alcohol...
“@PrinceBell: I've got too much alcohol not to go out tomorrow night.”. Want to share?
I've got too much alcohol not to go out tomorrow night.
What a weekend this is turning out to be.. Too much alcohol haha
I think I bought too much alcohol....
Why's planning new years gotta be so stressful...all I want is alcohol and someone to make out with...is that too much to ask ?
Alcohol seems to bring out my wild side...Alcohol+Kerby=Too much to handle HA!
I feel poisoned. Don't know if it's a lack of alcohol tonight or too much generally.
Consumed Too Much Alcohol In This Past Week And Half!
Have come to the conclusion that I have now had too much alcohol !!! Need to replace my liver!!
I'm sure my tweets are decreasing instead of increasing :/ is that possible?? Or is it a side effect of too much alcohol
i drink too much alcohol
"@annatclock: One could get used to not working, watching films, eating too much & alcohol without the guilt..." Yes please x
One could get used to not working, watching films, eating too much & alcohol without the guilt...
Had a little too much alcohol at diner with our Austrian neighbours! But was fun! ;)
Too bad Alcohol causes throat cancer though if you drink too  much of that shit
my dad said: "I have way too much alcohol and guns in this house. I don't know what that boy would do given the opportunity"
Too much food not enough alcohol.
decided to have some alcohol.... enjoying it a bit too much.
Taking a break from Alcohol after tomorrow...too much lately
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much of it, its likely tequilya
so my eye twitching is from lack of sleep and drinking too much alcohol/caffeine. hmm looks like its gonna be an early bed time for me!
Too much chicken and alcohol
This year consisted of TOO MUCH alcohol consumption
My birthday this year.... No drugs, no alcohol, no girlfriend, no friends. And all I wanted was to go out to eat.. Is tht too much to ask?
-Sir, I'm fraid to tell you that there's too much blood in you alcohol system. I'm afraid you'll have to get drunk. -NOOOO!!! WHY GOD, WHY!?
Gonna be so unfit when football starts back up, too much food, too much alcohol and not enough exercise
~Takes a break from school stuff and heads to the gym~I feel like such a heifer after the holidays. Too much good food and alcohol.
I need a lift to Dylan's tomorrow. I have too much alcohol to take!
Im really starting to believe I bought too much ALCOHOL! Drinks anyone?
I may stay in tomorrow night. At least that way when I collapse from too much alcohol there's a chance I'll land on my bed.
Aaaaah too much alcohol fucks with ur tummy :( *prays to gods of Diarrhea* please maan not tonight!
Can't decide whether to drink excessively tomorrow, feel like I've made too much of a tit of myself lately where alcohol's been involved?
I'm actually glad my allergies keep me away from TOO MUCH smoke and alcohol.
Too much love will kill you. Too much alcohol will strike you with typhus. Which one do you prefer?
I knew today wuldnt end well....even my fone had too much alcohol..its misbehaving cc@igori101@1kbuck@donpedroo@7star_bodeblack
emotional breakdown or too much alcohol?
Too much alcohol me thinks
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drunk too much of it, it's likely tequilya.
Tomorrow involves far too much alcohol to even consider the diet before then :P
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned that if you drink too much of it,its likely tequilya.
im insides is all fucked up, too much alcohol last night!
i have too much blood in my alcohol thats why these mosquitoes r biting me :(
had my brother and his family down and it's been great fun. Too much alcohol but loads of water 2day to recover for tomorrow x
I've never once thought to myself "I have too much alcohol at easy access". You'd think I'd have learnt.
Then I'll be like "omg why did I drink too much it's always a really bad idea" haha and say I wont touch alcohol again..
Will I regret going to my aunt's house tonight. If it's anything like christmas, I think yes. Too much weed and alcohol readily available
my addiction is no normal addiction.. heroin, alcohol, do too much and your dead. my addiction is you.. it's limitless and I love it
i literally do not care what i do tomorrow night anymore, as long as i'm with all my friends with too much alcohol.
i won't b eating too much of nothing just get me alcohol...and juice
J e s u s it's bright out today! Too much Alcohol last night ... ughhh never again! Living in my wayfarers today!
Too much partying. I'm becoming immune to alcohol.
maaayybeee we bought a bit too much alcohol for new years eve... :D
You can never have too much alcohol
Lol now my mom is bitchig around  because we bought too much alcohol for tomorrow. Lol she bought us all the vodka for my birthday xD?
jus woke up ugh wat a fuckin night. seven was crazy last night. wayyy too much mixing of alcohol went on
this is going to sound strange. but i have too much alcohol for tonight and tomorrow night.
Too much alcohol.
Consumed too much alcohol last nite :(
Oh man I eat far too much & drink too much alcohol when I'm visiting family - roll on the 4th when I get home and get back to training
I need a detox. Too much alcohol in my system
there's too much blood in my alcohol system
is amazed by the inability of some people to realize it is possible to drink some alcohol without drinking too much and being drunk.
I'm willing to spend way too much money on alcohol this weekend
sorry if i tried talking to you lastnight too much alcohol n a phone! nowayy
God in dying too much alcohol :-/
There's too much blood in my alcohol system....
Think I've gone over the top and bought too much alcohol for new year oopsies.
party tonight, worried about the alcohol in terms or calories, but i can just throw it up and pretend i'm being sick cos i drunk too much..
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much of it, its likely tequilya.
If I don't die from too much alcohol consumption this weekend then I didn't have a good enough new years party!
Moja diagnoza za danes je, da imam Hangover=the headache and sick feeling that you have the day after drinking too much alcohol.
Lool very drunk indeed!! RT@aysumtin: Too much blood in my Alcohol system
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia (&) learned if you drink too much of it, Its likely tequilya ツ
Pennine Acute doctors are encouraging people to drink responsibly and not end up in A&E through too much alcohol, especially during New Year
Exploding frm too much alcohol.
Causeway system down. Too much people need alcohol  i guess hehe.
Spotty tongue from too much chocolate/alcohol...
Not too much tho! Lol “@TPriceless02 Trying to fight my cold with alcohol...it should work if I do it right  morning twimps!”
Too much alcohol ...
Wayyy too much alcohol last night !!
Lighten Up In Tough Times: Avoid eating too much sugar, carbohydrates and using drugs alcohol and other stimulants.
smh.. RT@aysumtin:Too much blood in my Alcohol system
Too much blood in my Alcohol system
Just bought the things for NYE! Too much alcohol but that's great, isn't it? LOL
Yesterday was too funny too much alcohol and too much testosterone...
I have consumed far too much alcohol in the past week
Too much alcohol has been consumed this Christmas holiday, but it's been an amazing one
Too much alcohol and not enough at the same time. Good lord....
I have emerged from the Xmas slumber, too much food, alcohol  and indulgence. Exercise agwarn from here on.
I think im on my way to liking alcohol a tad bit too much. Like they left me responsible for this 1800 & Ciroc? Psht. Idiots.
Too much alcohol in this house
It's all about drinking water now.... Have consumed far too much alcohol over the last 7days.... I need water!!!
im too much of a pussy to steal shit like alcohol or many other things, but im friends with peter so, i get it for free anyway
Too much blood in my alcohol system!! :s
lack of sleep plus alcohol makes me think way too much
I really have an issue with learning to stop drinking alcohol like its water and when I have had too much
put on 6lbs over the last month, clearly too much alcohol and crap... Let's put this right again!!
Too much spicy food and alcohol, on the settee, you would think after 43 years i would learn !!!!  ;)
alcohol fun qoutes: . .Stay busy,get plenty of exercise, and don‘t drink too much..Then again, don‘t  drink  too little :)
I hate when I drink too much alcohol too fast after not eating for 12 hours. .Should have worked out, but since I have twitter, fuck that!
Too much alcohol....smh.
A little alcohol in the system makes track selection so much easier since you are not thinking too much about it.
Day After ... uf, too much Alcohol!
How's that drink comin? There's too much blood in my alcohol system.
Regrets of 2011. Too much alcohol and too less work.
Too much skin+ too much alcohol=too much trouble!!
Lmao I got alcohol poisoning twice in 2011. That shit feels like death. I love liquor too much though!
Lately I've been wasting too much money on gas, cigarettes, and alcohol.
Think I consumed too much alcohol *____*
So I come home no one knows I went out; I'm throwing up (too much alcohol) and my grandma Comes "Trudy wu nyim[you're pregnant]"
2011 taught me too much. A boy taught me too much. Alcohol taught me to much.  Life gave me lessons learned in 2011 so I can take on 2012.
Smh.   Too much alcohol
Did u see how much alcohol that has haha too funny
too much alcohol in my tummy :(
This bitch feelin herself way too damn much lmfao no more alcohol for ya ass
Strategy 2) Don't drink too much: Yes, alcohol is part of a NYE party but alcohol makes u gain a lot of weight so enjoy in moderation!
Too much alcohol too fast... Might be sick...
too much alcohol.....
Worst 10 days of the year; what I really dislike : the food, the alcohol, the frequency; all of these are offered and just "there" too much
I have too much self and moral respect to lower myself to the point where I allow drugs and alcohol to control my life.
I promise, I won't drink too much alcohol anymore.
Too much blood in my alcohol system
I'm sharing too much. Damn alcohol. Let me turn my phone off.
I've stolen too much alcohol off my dad today, might slip a cheeky five pound note into his pocket tomorrow.
Too much alcohol..... im gone
Too much alcohol is bullshit..kush is berra
Last night on a resort... Too much sun and alcohol hash tag drunk
To many love songs, too much alcohol, late nights thinking too hard.
I woke up with a huge bump and cut on head this morning. Dont remember how. Too much alcohol last night.
That mixture did not go well..I put too much alcohol in it
i think i drunk too much feel like i gotta earl no tolerance for alcohol
alcohol makes you ugly.. wait, TOO much alcohol makes you ugly.
i'm really bout 2 limit the amount of alcohol I consume, cuz when I have too much I get humbuggish (as my grandma would say)!!!
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary.. however, I did look it up on whiskeypedia and it says if you drink too much, its likely tequilya.
I hate staying home on nights during break. I like other peoples parents a lot more than my daddy on nights he's enjoyed too much alcohol
Parents are like alcohol. In moderation they're great, but too much gives you a headache.
Anyone that pushes their opinions too much on drugs&alcohol can stfu. Cuz they're missing out.
Head hurts because of too much alcohol. Oh brother! Haha!
I hate citrus scents. too much alcohol too. is very strong! .           but not all are bad! Some are good. maybe...
I hear you can't smell the alcohol in vodka too much...  perhaps ill learn to like it.
I really don't think now is the best time to get sick.....have too much alcohol to consume
Alcohol Is Not In My Vodkabulary. However, I Looked It Up On Whiskeypedia & Learned If You Drink Too Much Of It, Its Likely Tequilya.
I'm becoming immune to alcohol it's not even made me drunk tonight a sign I have drunk too much recently a sign I have also eaten alot
Too much blood °̩n my alcohol stream ATM
There’s too much blood in my alcohol system.
My left eye been od twitching lately and I did some research and saw that its from too much alcohol consumption. Idek I drank "too much"
My 18th birthday part tomorrow .-. Brought way too much alcohol
Too much alcohol in my body!! Feel blur to work! How come? 5555
I've consumed too much alcohol...I feel sick
Vacation + alcohol ÷ too much sleep = forgetting what day it is
I feel SOOO bloated!!! I need to get back on track.. too much alcohol & food lately
Loves Notting Hill but possibly has had a weee bit too much alcohol 2 deal with the 'just a girl standing in front of a boy' speech...
I love alcohol far too much
I wonder if a bulimic person ever ate too much, took a 'non alcohol pill', and then got drunk and puked alottt?
about to lay up in the bed with a hot toddy and pray like hell i didn't add too much alcohol to it and my throat stops hurting....
Far too much alcohol has been consumed. Mr C is now shouting shouting out random inappropriate words in the middle of the hotel bar.
There's too much blood in my alcohol system
Trying to clear a space so I can work tomorrow but too much alcohol in the way. Good or bad thing?
Swear I'm spending wayyyyy too much money on alcohol :S
I enjoy a glass of Alcohol too much...
Every1 is tryna come to the A for New Years and I'm tryna leave. Too many niggas and too much alcohol leads to too much danger & ignorance
Headache. Too much alcohol. What happeneddddd?
I love alcohol far too much this red wine isn't too bad :D
Too much fun and too many types of alcohol
spent way too much money on alcohol tonight
It's a sign you're buying too much alcohol when the liquor store man thinks you're having a party.
Too much alcohol tonight. Lost my cool :( LOL
There's Too Much Blood in my Alcohol System...
I have way too much alcohol for new years eve
Looking forward to New Years Eve :) What could be better then spending it with the best people you know and far too much alcohol.
The awkward moment when u can't say nytnyt to your little brother cuz one little word your gonna be sick from too much alcohol :(
today has been so unproductive , must do better tomorrow!! too much love for alcohol and my friends and not enough for revision...
Think i may have already had too much alcohol :')
Me"Mom cares too much,she wouldn't let me go with a senior at Kell to a party"Dad"So?just go. will there be alcohol?"Me"yes"Dad"go have fun"
Whoa!!!! Ummmm.....yeah, just wakin up. Waaaay too much alcohol last night.
I know why u haven't lost weight or didn't get results! . .Sodas .Junk food .Alcohol .Eating out too much .Candy .Deserts .Bigger plates
Since being back home I haven't had one bruise. In brighton I'm practically a walking bruise. Too much alcohol consumption going on
Drinking too much alcohol can impair decision-making......that's Unsafe sex is more likely after drinking.
Good god iv got too much alcohol
There's too much alcohol still in my body for it to be 2pm right now.
official symbol shall be a rum bottle. official color shall be black, for when one blacks out from too much alcohol comsumption
Of course I didn't buy too much alcohol. What a silly question!
been dancing while cleaning today. good think there is no alcohol in my system. apparently...too much of it impairs my dancing.
There's just too much alcohol in here. I have never... Wuuuuu I have to go home before I get tempted.. *starts praying*
Learning my lines 4 play, roll on 2012, I give up on alcohol - not the best thing for me anymore....Too much to lose....Thank you Jesus :+)
"@ConTREVORsy: I need to hurry up go back to school man alcohol cutting into my pockets too much"« kmlll
I need to hurry up go back to school man alcohol cutting into my pockets too much
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much , it will likey tequilya . Lol.
Broken. Hungry. Too much blood in alcohol system...
I have drank too much alcohol. I think I may be nearly dead
Dear alcohol, we've had some fun times but lately you've just brought too much pain. It's time to say goodbye cause I can't keep doing this.
Too much alcohol and cigarette for today.
And Alcohol kills brain cells and your liver has way too much sugar. Can cause stomach problems makes you vomit violently ha the irony
I consume well too much alcohol for my age
Too much alcohol is very very bad
"@AlbertBrooks: ...drink now in preparation for New Years. No last min stuff like Christmas." -- don't want too much blood in alcohol stream
Avoid alcohol-based toner and astringents. These remove far too much of the natural skin oil.
Low on the tweets this week! I blame too much alcohol, laughter and friends!
struggle bus again for me today, 3 nights in a row with too much alcohol and too less sleep
"There's too much blood in my alcohol system!!!!!" They're geniuses.
Too much alcohol never hurt anyone, right?
Had a brilliant night, spent too much money on alcohol though.
Girls : Don't drink too much of alcohol, alcohol increase the risk of breast cancer
I think there's still too much blood in my alcohol system :S
Nothing against alcohol I mean hey I love the stuff....but too much of it isn't for everyone.
Too much alcohol = ILL :(
Done had too much alcohol and not enuff sleep..can't even Earl in peace these damn kids
Just read over a msn conversation I had last night. Eh wit? I think I drank too much alcohol.
Not going out on NYE. Too much potch, as they say in Wales. Not in the mood for alcohol, crowds or hangovers. Indoors with a movie it is.
Just remembered I was out last weekend. I think I love alcohol abit too much?UrJH
Eew. Too much coffee in this alcohol.
A little alcohol may loosen up some inhibitions, but too much will make you look like a fool
Was just about to say night to everyone just now when I walked into the shower! That's too much blood in the alcohol stream for you!
God. Too much alcohol intake. Shutting down :(
Why do I feel like I've got a hangover when I've not drunk any alcohol in the past 3 days? Too much rich food?
The alcohol content is too much. My body damn dehydrated
Craving normal routine now - seriously knackered and lost my voice - too much partying and alcohol!!!!!!
I think I like alcohol a little too much. :3
The fundamental truth is that people in this country do not understand alcohol and its effects. Myself included. We all drink too much.
I mixed too much alcohol last night, I don't even know why I was drinking it, it tasted absolutely vile.
Too much alcohol. Too much testosterone
Wa I hope there won't be too much alcohol tdy. Hoho.
Nan's moody. Hahahahaha. Too much alcohol.
Just got way too much alcohol. Bout to be all bad
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary. However, I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned that if you drink too much of it, its likely tequilya.
Too much alcohol 0__o
My Mama And Them Having Too Much Fun. I'm Finna Pick Up All The Alcohol.
i dont drink too much, i just drink too often. good by tolerance, hello alcohol addiction
The recipe for a good time: 6oz lean, 2Gs kush, 2 ciroc shots, 1 hen shot. Don't drink too much alcohol or you'll die.
We had TOO much fun as young niggas swear I kissed death some nights lmao had badddd alcohol poisoning..smh
Too much alcohol for me tonight.
i actually had hahaha too much holiday egg nog. it's like. egg nog with alcohol already in it. shhh.
Too much alcohol for one night
Irish people, they have too much blood in their alcohol system.
Bout to go condone this kickback my broher havin and I'm bringin the alcohol....this is what happens wen ur my favorite I spoil him too much
you know you drank too much when just thinking about alcohol makes you sick.
Gonna play basketball in a while to release too much alcohol :))
"@MAMO_QOBI_BROWN: Am feeln sick RT too much alcohol...
Fuuuccckkk,my head so heavy It must be too much alcohol from this dawn.
Too much alcohol. Bare dehydrated.
Just puked at bday lunch, not from too much alcohol, but from too much food...
theres too much blood in my alcohol system.
Too much alcohol >.< not good
I kinda put too much alcohol in my cup than soda -_____- all I taste is alcohol..oh welll
Too much alcohol in my veins...
Alcohol should be exclusive to men. Women talk too much when they're sober let alone drunk.
Some people like alcohol way too much.
I think I drunk too much alcohol... I need to lay down
Mommy's leaving all the alcohol!!! Too bad I'm not much of a drinker -____-
Too much alcohol and Worms Armagededdon on Xbox Live. There's a point of drunk where worms is a good idea then there is this time.
Alcohol Abuse: (v) Spilling too much alcohol that could've otherwise been drunken.
Too much blood in my alcohol system right now
I have too much blood in my alcohol stream.
who thought a White Russian would be a good beverage? alcohol and cream are 2 things that if drunk too much will make you throw up
Pretty sure I gained about 5 lbs over the past 3 days. Too much alcohol and food. Hitting up the gym tomorrow.
"Don't Get Drunk Too Much" - Yeah umm I've never been drunk before, Infact the taste of majority of alcohol is quite revolting.
Some pple say alcohol abuse is drinking too much but for alcohol abuse is not finishing the alcohol.
don't blame someone for drinking too much alcohol, & acting crazy.
Anyone else have a holiday hangover? I'm not sure if its the chocolate, alcohol or too much family time, but I'm exhausted.
i think i had too much alcohol cause im sleepy
Some people abuse alcohol too much and think it's the answer to everything .
Maybe i ordered too much alcohol.. hmm
Me n Matty had good night with our bestest's!! Ate too much Chinese and drank just the right amount of alcohol!! Off to bed now! G'night ppl
I think the sorrell I drank had way too much alcohol cause right now a lot of stuff is funnŸ
People who abuse alcohol drink too much on a regular basis. Their abuse can be self-destructive or dangerous to others,
Too much stress can be eliminated with 3 options. 1)Being with someone you feel comfortable with, 2)Alcohol/weed, 3) Food
There's too much blood in my alcohol system
alcohol, drugs, late sleeping and too much gaming/internet is unhealthier than steroids !!!!
too much alcohol
Legit spend wayyyyyyyyy too much money on alcohol.
I. Just. Want. Alcohol. Is that too much to ask?
Hate alcohol with a passion, it changes people too much
I am sure that Bell Green had drunk too much alcohol with somebody all the yesterday's night. With whom?
Supposed to be detoxing for the new year...don't think so, already had too much food and alcohol today, start detoxing tomorrow :) x
Too much alcohol again eurghhh
Too much alcohol!
Jeff Buckley cover of I know it's over is designed for feeding the roots of an alcohol problem and self genital mutilation. Too much
Too much caffeine or too little alcohol?
Too much fat food and alcohol in my house for me to get back to healthy me again... Oh well
Last day off after christmas back to work tomorrow. Too much alcohol consumed in five days, on the wagon till new years eve.
My dearest neighbor, please stop laughing because YOU SOUND LIKE AN ORC THAT HAD TOO MUCH DAMN ALCOHOL. That is all.
Has had a little bit too much alcohol,oooppppsssss
Too much caffeine. Is it too early to switch to alcohol
Too much alcohol is bad for you?...okay well we can all get H2O poisoning too
I wish I'd like the taste of alcohol. The only thing I can drink are cocktails. And even then, I don't have to taste the alcohol too much.
This drug and alcohol course is too much reading bihh thats why I just answer the question then tweet for the rest of the time lol
eaten too much recently hich means I have also drunk too much alcohol... been drinking every day for a long time now...
Anyone else finding themselves in a daze after too much food and alcohol the past few days?
In the past two days I have consumed way too much alcohol
Crippled by alcohol and eating too much, typical Christmas.
It turns out tings are not wat they seems, had fun tonight, wit too much alcohol in my system
Too much Alcohol really ain't for me man... I become a pompous cocky asshole.....
Too much braazilian alcohol! Lol
DONT DRINK TOO MUCH THIS NYE, alcohol is dangerous drug. if ur taking other drugs, be sensible. Too much drugs can make u FUCKING CRAZY!!!
Any alcohol Mixed with energy Drinks gonna kill you on Day..You on too Much of a High!
Woke up feelin kinda shitty too much food and alcohol yesterday!
you know you've been partying too much when your poo smells like alcohol lmfaoo
I'm fuckin thirsty yo!! Too much blood in my alcohol system!
Now i guess she got too much alcohol in her system*lol*
I've consumed way too much alcohol this week
Far too much alcohol & food consumed in the last few days. So off out for some more tonight!!!  X
Too much alcohol intake this holiday. Fosho!
Oh dear! Too much alcohol consumed in the past few days, I have a spot.
Someone come and drink far too much alcohol with me? Pleasee
I have ate too much shit and drank too much alcohol in the last week, my bell just ready to blow!
I drink too much alcohol.
"we bought too much alcohol" "better safe than sober!"
too much blood in my alcohol system.
I can't go for any test cos ama get a wrong result.  Too much alcohol in my system.
While everyone is puking from too much alcohol! I'm puking my tulang merah out due to" run tampines" attempt 2 on the same fucking day!
People from Barberton are drinking too much of alcohol
Too much alcohol is being consumed
no more getting drunk with some ppl tho. They get alcohol in their systems and start feeling themselves way too much
When you can smell the alcohol in the perfume/cologne you wearing you have on too much!
I drank too much alcohol!
There's too much blood in my alcohol system..
I don't plan to cut my alcohol intake tho, that's just too much fun
Loco Frio was good :-bd just placed too much alcohol :|
2012 is my year imma come in jus right. Not too much alcohol jus mellow layed back
omg i hope this drink doesn't have much alcohol cause i'm drinking it too fast
Too much alcohol. Not excited to throw up all day.
Awwww I've had such a wonderful Christmas! I've eaten SO much chocolate and drunk SO much alcohol though! And had SO much sex too! Love it!
Been a long day at work roll on 5:30, too much alcohol yesterday, not good
i hope i die from too much alcohol on new years eve
Had too much to drink last night & woke up w/o a hangover thanks 2 college my alcohol tolerance is on another level..is that a good thing ¿?
Walking round a supermarket food shopping with mum after a party in which i didn't really hold my alcohol well. Too much food to handle  >.<
there's too much blood in my alcohol
too much on my brain and the weed jus makes it worse!!!! i need some alcohol
Come to the conclusion that I've eaten way too much food and drunk way too much alcohol over these holidays
Vinny lost his mind after he got his ears pierced xD Was that too much alcohol or whaaat? =P
Bodys a temple next year too much inner damage thus year. Alcohol is the devil!
Dreading the scales tonight, had way too much food and alcohol
Guys listen up. Laptops on ur laps causes low sperm count.  .Also alcohol oooo. Too much of it is bad.
Too. Much. Alcohol...
I drink too much. Not alcohol, but too much fluid.
Govt. has too much time on its hands, nothing better to do than set alcohol prices. Happy New Year.
My results were that I drink too much on occasion and am aware of that so should be careful, but no dependence on alcohol. So there.
Too...much....alcohol...Winning
Excellent workout yesterday even though I felt a little weak from too much alcohol and a crappy Christmas diet!!
There is too much unfinished Fat Tire in my fridge. He buys me alcohol far too often.
there's too much BLOOD in my ALCOHOL system..
Alone isn't too bad, but that much if I mix it with alcohol will inhibit the enzyme and build up to toxic concentrations. Not to mention my
there's too much BLOOD in my ALCOHOL system
Throat is dying, first signs of a cold or too much alcohol?
Shattered! Wanna go home now and SLEEP. Good night though! Feeling the effects of too much alcohol now though :s
I've got a bit of a croaky voice due to a cold/Christmas over-indulgence and too much talking. Had a good alcohol free day yesterday though!
Limit your alcohol intake before sex. Too much alcohol can cause erectile dysfunction in guys and decreased sexual desire in girls.
Less drinking alcohol in 2012 I swear I drank too much in 2011
Lack of exercise these 2 week, too much n junk food, in sufficient SLP, much alcohol or combination of all?
Fuck me, my guts hurt. Way too much alcohol over xmas.
Too many people and too much alcohol. Goodnight.
Parents are like alcohol. In moderation they're great, but too much gives you a headache
Result f too much alcohol/women - "Azazi said Nigeria is too big to be policed" Rem Solomon+(concubines)jezebel dat resulted in Ecclestes?.
Well, my favourite time of year is now over. Got lots of presents, ate too much food, & drank a little bit too much alcohol. :)
A little too much alcohol.
sad, depressed, annoyed, feeling sorry for myself, and on way too much alcohol. it time for bed. with hopes for better days, i bid farewell.
How much alcohol is too much??
My life is nowhere near as awesome as it should be. Abhorrent amounts of alcohol, sex, and kinkiness should be involved.... Too much?
oh God, i know you all hate Yunho like hell. but for God sake, that incident was true! and he can't drink too much alcohol because of that!
I can't move damnn too much alcohol in that mix. I can't even move my head off my pillow :( that's what happens when ur bored with alcohol
Too much alcohol consumption last night!
Dear Mama, please send me to med school. I promise I'll be a good student and I won't drink too much alcohol na. Please please please?
Too much BLOOD in my alcohol system...  . .I need more drank! 
This dog loves alcohol a bit too much...
I like alcohol WAY too much.
My father joke about alcohol too much lmao.
Too much alcohol for our own good
There is way too much alcohol in my apartment ....
hate when mouthwash has too much alcohol its nasty
Alcohol isn't entirely that bad for u . unless u drink too much of it.
Why is the taste of alcohol so gross? Like when there is too much. Eww.
Four nights away and finally back in my own bed. Going to sleep for 2 days straight too much alcohol no sleep. *yawn*
puerto ricans plus alcohol equals TOO much
"I am a victim because the alcohol made me drink too much of it" - a summary of the conversations surrounding me at Panera.
I got way too much stress man!  drugs/alcohol don't fix shit!  Sex is a good relief though !!
Too much skin + too much alcohol = trouble
Don't think I can look at alcohol, let alone drink it for about a month, too much spirits in my body right now.
there is too much blood in my alcohol stream. >.<
Need to go on a detox tomorrow. Way too much alcohol has been consumed in the past week.
Too much alcohol has been consumed over the past 2 weeks!!! Hope all you tweeps are enjoying the festive season as much as I am... .Love x
Shows at big places are cool too but being around the weed and alcohol and attractive people just make it so much better.
i drink too much alcohol & coffee
“@izziecam: Red red winee” don't have too much alcohol Izz!
Out but want to be home. Sleepy. 3 pints is not very much alcohol, but too much liquid :(
Eaten way too much food but no alcohol been a great night though :)
great holiday too much alcohol, back to reality tomorrow
I hate salad. Yet that's all I was offered for lunch :/ Therefore I ate maybe a bit too much of the alcohol filled puddings :D whoops
there's too much blood in my alcohol stream!!
I think I'll end up like Bridget Jones. too much weight, single, drinking alcohol. And soon there will be my Marc Darcy......NOT
Too much alcohol meson
Eaten far too much crap today and over the hols :| time to top it off with an unhealthy helping of alcohol
Holiday parties involving too much artificial coloring, sugar and alcohol should be listed as one of the top ten causes of sudden deaths.
Ok so I'm Ill AGAIN self inflicted by too much food and alcohol intake when I should be resting
Far too much pub recently. Alcohol tab for this month must be hitting four figures...
Too much alcohol for a Monday ....drunk!!!
Too much alcohol.. :)
