The amount of junk food I consume per day is unbelievable.
Hey people, tomorrow is the first day of 2012 is it just me or is it really unbelievable?
This is unbelievable...new cats coming in for cuts "oh yall watching *whatever the name of this king fu movie is*, yall seen part 3?"
Unbelievable things can sometimes be possible -Tim Tebow
I have unbelievable tekkers at chopping, Gordon Ramsey styleeee
2012 is 35 minutes away. Unbelievable.
No tweets on Tweetdeck since I signed off last night? I find that curious and unbelievable.
Unbelievable how fast this year has flown by... It was one of the most interesting, rewarding, happy, and maturing years of my life
Literally only turned on Gillette Soccer Saturday and I'm greeted by an "unbelievable Jeff" from Kammy the wee rascal
Unbelievable how over protective my mam is:-(
Can we talk about how unbelievable this weather is on NEW YEARS EVE??!  What the flip squad!
Waiting on the train platform has reaffirmed that no matter how bad those players on the pitch play, the fans off it are truly unbelievable.
Wow. 360 days until Christmas and stores already have their Christmas stuff up. Unbelievable.
I love Chris Kamara :') 'unbelievable Jeff'
man utd 2-3 blackburn, unbelievable! well done steve kean
Unbelievable scenes Jeff
Seriously. How Andrea can run so fast in heels is. Unbelievable
Not everything about today's football has been depressing - at least Leeds got smashed in by Barnsley. Hat-trick for Vaz Te. Unbelievable.
I know this sounds weird, but its so unbelievable being able to see so perfectly with contacts in:)
Nest of rats raining down upon the Turtleman. Unbelievable live action!
My mum is trying to kill me!! She is so crap its unbelievable
Unbelievable headache!
I hate waking up to a bad dream....sh*t was unbelievable...smh
I had an unbelievable time with a friend :]
Am I that unbelievable?
Last new years eve is gonna be hard to beat, unbelievable.
^_^ Aube by Honeywell TH108PLUS/U Electric Heating Non-Programmable Thermostat with Backlight at Unbelievable Prices http://electricheating
That's an unbelievable stat for us. We've only lost 2 away games in the last 19. Brilliant!!!!
I seriously have no words to describe 2011, what an unbelievable year it has been amazing memories with awesome friends : )
I am officially the mother of a 4 year old today. Unbelievable.
Just got back from 9 ml walk around the lake to see Rovers result-unbelievable! And its STILL raining here!
im unbelievable like nicki's butt .
My phone battery is soo bad its unbelievable
Came back to see Blackburn have won 3-2..Seems that De Gea's at fault for the last 2 goals from ppl's reactions..Unbelievable
Unbelievable that Blackburn beat Man U at the stadium of dreams (nightmares today). I believe you could have had 28/1 on that result.
Mike Teevee kicks an unbelievable amount of ass!
As I sit n think of ALL I been thru the Good the bad the ugly the unbelievable but I can honestly say God has been my refuge...
Oh God , Megan Fox ohhh she is unbelievable , she is beautiful , amazin' girlllllllll
Wow some people are unbelievable
Unbelievable result for Rovers at OT. Happy Birthday Fergie!
Kids just get lazier.. Automatic bicycles???! Haha. Unbelievable!!
Thank you twitter for making 2011 so unbelievable for me! Hope everyone has an awesome night and stays safe. See you in 2012 ☺
"@jmonterrosaaa: there's so many memories with lainey it's unbelievable" dumb & dumber :) I'm jus dumb tho, ur dumber
Omg its like a spring day! Unbelievable!
Unbelievable Facts » Search engine marketing best dating website
Unbelievable prices on Periwinkle retro fabric chaise armchair & 10 seat designer fabric couch at Ebay in Tow Law
Unbelievable by blackburn, I knew Steve keen wasn't all that bad, true underdog victory
New years Eve, and business is booming here at the course. Supposed to be 62 deg unbelievable.
“@CSLewisDaily: When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.”
He selotaped 14 cameras to a dieing swan and threw it into a supermarket. Unbelievable footage.
De Gea didn't make a save in d game. How are we gonna win if u can't clear ur lines or stay d fuck in line. Unbelievable
Today our baby girl turns 4. Unbelievable.
Mike Teevee kicks an unbelievable amount of ass!!!
Ray delays the start of the meeting after realizing no one from admin is coming to present the budget. "unbelievable," she says.
Some people are so full of shit its unbelievable. News years resolution - cut the fat, clearly the term friend is conditional to some ppl
New Years Eve. Here again! Unbelievable. Cheers to you all! Here's to an Amazing 2012!
Seeing unbelievable amounts of people I know in MK. Grim.
I set out to do the impossible like an open fist,Achieve the unbelievable like throwing Open Pit,The last line refers to flying saucers,
there's so many memories with lainey it's unbelievable
"You look so beautiful its unbelievable" pssht *blush*
My life is mildly unbelievable...don't even really want to go out tonight anymore
“When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.” - CS Lewis
Unbelievable ending (weather) to what some will say was a scrapyard year! But we are happy for 2011 we lost no-one close to us! Happy New Y…
Ray: 'This is unbelievable.'
..explanation..it was unbelievable and I am still shocked..just when I was losing my faith God showed me why he is the one and only Omega
Uhh this is unbelievable!!! 1hr to go, hello 2012 :)
This dude is telling me about some hoodrat he took out on a date last night. Unbelievable lol
UNBELIEVABLE..... Nothing beats De gea's generiousity today
> TOM FORD SUNGLASSES DESIGNER FASHION UNISEX AUTHENTIC BLACK GOLD FRAME | GREEN LENS TF126 S 01N at Unbelievable Prices http://mensgoldwat
Cab called .15 minutes ago now here .- unbelievable
It's truly unbelievable how much a person can change to be worse..
Victory at Old Trafford, unbelievable #
On the road again! Unbelievable wind! Only 8 hours to go!
Also, you made that man governor, California. Apparently it's unbelievable what happens in the 00's too
THE LIFE AQUATIC had a budget of $58 million. That's sort of unbelievable to me.
What a great result for Steve Kean! But Manchester United? Unbelievable! Question marks against David De Gea's goalkeeping, I'm embarrassed!
Thanks Victoria Justice 4 this amazing, unbelievable & unforgettable year! .You have inspired me and all the VICTORIANS all over the world
unbelievable Blackburn! so happy for Steve Keane, plus anyone who sinks united at old Trafford deserves a lot of respect.
unbelievable how much louder my speakers go when my parents are out, oh how i long to live alone
Wow! So many Man United haters, unbelievable, sign of huge dominance, mind you it's a marathon not a spirit..
It is unbelievable how poor Nani was today
Just left old Trafford!! Did that really happen? I mean really happen? Unbelievable!! Why oh why not at home against lower teams though!
So Unbelievable §ÌÇK .
►Back song of "Surprise!!!" (Unbelievable -CraigDavid)
Apparently, waking up at 5am would have been a good idea. Unbelievable result.
^_^ Lennox Furnace Motor (P-8-7505, P-8-9450) 1/3 hp, 1075 RPM, 115 Volts AO Smith # OLE1036A at Unbelievable Prices http://electricfurnace
Wot a pile of over rated shit utd r at times!! Unbelievable!!
Unbelievable that Blackburn were 18/1 when UTD pulled it back to 2-2
I'm so pissed off its unbelievable! Wtf? What the actual f*ck!!!
Its d money squad boys,we bal so hard dat u tnk its unbelievable!hahaaa!
Blackburn 3, Man Utd 2 unbelievable
Unbelievable result for blackburn! Bet after their last two results, the fickle Blackburn fans will be on steve kean's side all of a sudden!
You're unbelievable.
On a PMA note, happy fucking New Year, my loves! A lot of you were a part of making 2011 the most unbelievable year of my life, so thanks <3
Song on french tv : "what Thierry realized is just unbelievable. And now, he's got the opportunity to help us. It's a very good thing"
We did it! We battled fantastically! So proud, unbelievable effort! DCFC 2-1 WHUFC! :D YOOOUUU RAMS!
2011 was amazing. Thank you all so much for making it an unbelievable year.
Gavin degraws live performance on wnci right is unbelievable and the words are so relevant!
the last day of the year already...#unbelievable
WoW. This is unbelievable.
Unbelievable result for Blackburn Rovers, so much team spirit. 3 Points at Old Trafford.
Hahahhaha ,, United 2 - 3 Blackburn ,, game at Old Trafford ,, Unbelievable
This powder fight was unbelievable
The temptation to get off is unbelievable!
unbelievable that its new years eve
Unbelievable,  Blackburn 3 shots 3 goals, questions have for to be asked of de gea. Rest of the team awful performance.
Shinee got higher than SJ? are you sure? :/ but atleast they got higher than TVXQ nd SNSD. > < but still unbelievable.
Brilliant result now the position is possible change the manager and give us a chance! Be unbelievable to stay up now
De Gea cost 18 million pounds.  Unbelievable.
This year has been nothing short of unbelievable
Unbelievable how much Wayne Rooney brings to the team... We're nothing without him!
Wow. 3-2 to Blackburn at Old Trafford. Unbelievable result. Happy Birthday Fergie...:S
Unbelievable !!!! How he done tat ?!
Steve Kean's Blackburn win at Old Trafford. Unbelievable. Wish I'd had a couple of quid on that!
Unbelievable....Blackburn....well done
its unbelievable how exactly a year ago we spent it together and now tonight we'll be acting like we dont speak to each other
my hair is unbelievable soft :O
I HAVE TO sneak a pic...this is unbelievable
Yakubu:"To come to old Trafford and get all three points it's unbelievable"..GBAMMM
“@BBCNews: Man Utd 2-3 Blackburn "Even after all the memorable events of 2011, this is the most unbelievable headline of the year
This weather is unbelievable.
At fault for the second and third goals, the amount of times he's nutmegged at his near post are unbelievable. See City, Today and Arsenal
It's hard to think when you don't believe something , but you gotta believe the unbelievable
Unbelievable scenes at old trafford, must win day, come on Wolves!
Wow... Just wow. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable season. Another 3 point losses. At home. Blew away the chance to be at top. Please be busy at january, buy class player.
Still more than a year away and all the stores have their Christmas stuff up already. Unbelievable.
Dow finishes ± .003% for FY11 - Unbelievable
Unbelievable result at Old Trafford, Blackburn had just 5 attempts on target & scored 3, not many teams get 3, should give Kean more time
Just seen the Man Utd result. Unbelievable.
Blackburn 3-2 up at Old Trafford, unbelievable Jeff.
Unbelievable! "@FOXSoccerTrax2: The final Saturday of 2011 has opened with a tremendous shock: Manchester Utd 2 Blackburn 3"
"@anoth: 7 hours and 16 minutes left of 2011!!!" Tick Tock ! Unbelievable
Dawee oppa's deal is very unbelievable ~ i can come to the concert for free ? XD
I'm so happy i didnt watch the match..........#unbelievable
whoaaa O_o the city is mad as and the crowd is unbelievable!!! I'm trippin' out bro xP LOL
"@Vanja_MUFC: We lost... but it's not the end of the world, just the end of the year..."// This lost is unbelievable!
The amount of times my house phone rings is freaking unbelievable! :|
unbelievable scenes samba outstanding de gea absolute shite
Cue "Well done Blackburn" "Kean deserves a medal" "Unbelievable, great manager!!!" tweets...
Why doesn't Boghall and Bathgate's drum corps get more respect? These guys / gals are effing sick right now. Unbelievable.
How mediocre is Man U ? Unbelievable they are second in the league with such a poor squad
3 shots on target and 3 goals. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable result 4 Blackburn
Good to see Adrian Newey get royal recognition for his unbelievable work in F1. Many have got it for less. Well deserved.
unbelievable.... blackburn toppled manu... a bad bad b'day for ferguson........
That's just embarrassing...seriously, Blackburn? The worst team in the league? At home?!? Unbelievable!!!
Unbelievable from Rovers! Certainly need to work on actually kicking the ball when they want to clear their defence but good effort!
Last day of 2011... Absolutely unbelievable
"@sksegha: Simply unbelievable......"So sorry my brother
Faith in God makes us believe the unbelievable, see the invisible and do the impossible."
Blackburn. Incredible. Steve Keane. Unbelievable. Who'd have thought that? Not me. Man U were first nap on .my accumulator
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL so NOWWWW UNITED FANS ARE ASKING WHY LINDERGAARD DIDNT START? YOU GUYS MAKE ME SICK LOOOL UNBELIEVABLE
UNBELIEVABLE DEFEAT, HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR ALEX....
This Is Unbelievable!!
The sales this year are unbelievable. Hollister, FYE, Bath & Body Works all have fantastic savings right now (unheard of savings!)
They just annouced the Man Utd score at the Arsenal tube station and the cheer from all passengers was unbelievable
Like seriously after winning 5nil n then playing like this n losing on Fergie bday is unbelievable to me
Unbelievable. Credit to Blackburn.
I am officially divorced....#unbelievable
Unbelievable loss, mistake by keeper cost Man U again! Got to hope City drop points
Blackburn win at OT. Unbelievable
Wow..Utd are unbelievable. Happy birthday Fergie *Sarcastic face*
I never comment on the football, because I don't give one. But today, I'll make an exception. Unbelievable Jeff.
Unbelievable...#MUFC
Fucking unbelievable!!the fuck!
What a result for Steve Kean that is unbelievable 3-2 at United, his team fought 4 him,i hope thats the turning point with him and the fans
David vs goliath again ! Fuckin unbelievable !
I can't believe this is happening... It's so unbelievable... We supposed to get another 3 points... Sh*t..
That scoreline is quite unbelievable..Steve kean's defiance starting to pay off maybe? Hmmmm
The crowd to get into the train station was unbelievable. Never seen such impressive behaviour from so many people and police.
Come on Blackburn wot a great result great present from keane to fergie unbelievable
this is sooo.......... unbelievable.
Typical. Everton sell Yakubu & he turns back into a goal-scoring machine. Unbelievable, Jeff.
And you just see right through me but if you only knew me .We could be a beautiful miracle, unbelievable .Instead of just invisible  ♪♫
Outta 4 years this will be the first New Years I bring in with Chris, unbelievable right?
Take a bow Blackburn, and Yakubu. Fantastic result that! Unbelievable Jeff!
unbelievable, nice one De Gea.
Well, there goes my home bankers accumulator but brilliant! Unbelievable. Happy birthday fergie!
Unbelievable scenes at Castle Greyskull. Cue the sound of thousands of quickslips being torn up
Its unbelievable that great friend Ranijethmalani is dead.
Unbelievable result at Old Trafford. Blackburn escapes with 3 points. De Gea may not have first team job anymore. 3rd goal was all his fault
Unbelievable. At a wedding and the girl on the harp totally coincidentally played Blue Moon as the final whistle blew at Old Trafford. Omen.
unbelievable! So happy!
Unbelievable, fair play today Mr Kean, you called it right
Alex Ferguson's support of Steve Kean certainly paid off, for Blackburn Rovers! shocking 3-2 away win at Old Trafford, unbelievable!
Unbelievable. United were not good enough once again this season. Unacceptable
Unbelievable fuck you blackburn what a joke of a game no creativity from man utd fergie u need to address that midfield
it's unbelievable how much he looks like that boy!! it's really scary... it makes me feel weird...
unbelievable,manutd have lost to blackburn...jjjjeeezzzzz!!
United is just unbelievable!!! Think all those losses still hasn't sunk it yet!!!#GGMU
Unbelievable....blackburn...
Unbelievable result,losing to rovers is not good
And you think someones your friend but really your just a back for them to leave their knife in, unbelievable
Unbelievable well done Steve Kean and Blackburn
Unbelievable Blackburn! Keep you up to date on Bridge FM all afternoon. Is this the start of them staying up?
Unbelievable.....Fuck De Gea again and again!!!!!
Fucking unbelievable jeff
Ha ha ha your so shit it's unbelievable
Unbelievable scenes at Old Trafford... Blackburn beating the holders at their own stadium. 3-2.
Unbelievable game. Hope that shuts up the 'Keen Out' campaign.
What a win for Blackburn! Unbelievable.
That is quite simply, unbelievable! so Blackburn fans, what do u think of Kean now huh? massive result!
Blackburn take four out of a potential six points from Liverpool and Manchester United. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable. But, not really. Dammit Man U!
What an unbelievable result! Good job manu
Unbelievable...most nightmare birthday present for SAF..
Manutd 2:3 Blackburn --Unbelievable
Unbelievable. This line-up was a mystery,
Blackburn wins over united 3-2! At Oldtrafford! Unbelievable !!!
This is unbelievable I am so used to this thing getting back on laptop like primitive-what happened Toshiba!!?? tweettantrum
Blackbern on old trafford, wid a score 3-1 against Man U. Damn dats unbelievable, awesome show
Unbelievable. Worst possible way to start a day.
Dis is unbelievable ..
unbelievable Blackburn Rovers won againts Manchester United 3-2
Feels exactly like the loss 2 wolves last year. Unbelievable!
Unbelievable! Blackburn beat Manchester United 3-2
Unbelievable...What rubbish Man Utd..Mscheeeewww
Unbelievable. De Gea is the new Aurelio Gomes. Absurd.
I've had CoD MW3 since 13th December and I am only about to play it for the first time right now. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable. Fucking awful.
Unbelievable.  Even with injuries, you can't do that and hope to win a title. Ferguson may be furious, but his team selection ...
“@Adam_Bhatti: Blackburn win 3-2! Unbelievable!” yeeeeeah!
Simply unbelievable.
This is unbelievable that im still woke
Simply unbelievable......
Unbelievable. Fuck off Man utd, so typical.
Wow! Unbelievable result!!
3-2 Blackburn win unbelievable!
This IS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!
Unbelievable!!!! My God!
What a result for Steve Kean and Blackburn! Unbelievable
Unbelievable scenes.
pisses me off unbelievable amounts when people badmouth long distance relationships. have you been in one? no. so shut the fuck up.
2011 was unbelievable... I can't wait to see what 2012 has in store
Man United 2-3 Blackburn. Unbelievable.
The number of foul throws which go unpunished in top flight football games is unbelievable.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE
This. Is. Unbelievable.
FT : Man United 2-3 Blackburn . Unbelievable result .
Unbelievable united lose at 1/8 great result for Steve kean deserves it after all the abuse
unbelievable..keane u bastard
One minute of extra time remaining. Blackburn clear off the line! Unbelievable stuff!
The last day of 2011, is Sub7an Allah Dr. N exam !! Insha Allah we will pass !!. All of us will. It was something keda unbelievable!
Man u getting whooped by blackburn...dis is just unbelievable
It was unbelievable *-------* Thx God! \o
Unbelievable scenes at Old Trafford
unbelievable..fergie has truly shown he's sufferin' from menopause
Unbelievable. Can't lose games like this and expect to win the title. MCFC won't go away. This result will cost us MASSIVELY.
(|: Febreze Home Collections Glistening Alpine Flameless Luminary Refill,One 2-Count box at Unbelievable Prices http://alpinehomeairproduct
I'm watchn d match...unbelievable
Just saw the man utd score ? Unbelievable !!
> Fresca Carter Antique Single Sink Bathroom Vanity w/ Baltic Brown Countertop - FVN6307BB at Unbelievable Prices http://kitchenbathroomren
Its unbelievable how a song can bring back memories... Those you really want to forget.
Unbelievable special offers on Ruddy pink embroidered fabric oval couches & 8 seater crushed velvet settees at Chesterfields in Barnsley
THANK YOU 2011 for being a great year despite being a crazy unbelievable roller coaster ride.  I loved you anyway :))
Come on Blackburn.. Respect to Steve Kean, unbelievable stick from his own fans but stays resolute. I wonder if they will cheer him now?
Then he (@GodShakes) glides right into telling excitedly about his day & walked out the door... .@WBCGran: "That boy is unbelievable!" .
Unbelievable how girls in magazines can be classed as 'curvy' being a size 8
Unbelievable scoreline-Man Utd 2 Balckburn 3
2mins to go, the Champions losing at home to the bottom club in the league, yet Old Trafford is still silent. Unbelievable indeed.
Blackburn they are unbelievable at old trafford
The secret to success is a blanket of flour that crisps up into an unbelievable crust.
Unbelievable odds of 28-1 were available for Blackburn to win today....
This is the trip I've seen my little mom go ziplining, get drunk, and wake up hung over. Unbelievable. What's next... skateboarding?!
Unbelievable scenes all over football today
You can believe in something unbelievable.
That can't be a customer...Unbelievable
Who's the new United barber unbelievable Jeff
Old Trafford is unbelievable .. How can it be this quiet ?!
also how much shit your mates talk about knowing people is unbelievable these days haha who gives a fiddlers who you know. wankers and all
Unbelievable scenes at Warwick with the loose horse stopping Glens Boy who looked likely to win. Plum Pudding gets back up to win!
United match, unbelievable stuff!
Unbelievable"@dr_lawi: Shocking!!!"
Ergh my family are so full of crap its unbelievable.
3 attempts and 3 goals... Unbelievable
Blackburn! Unbelievable scenes! What a win this would be
If blackburn win this game, it would be unbelievable!
“@RealRomfordPele: 3 2 Blackburn. Unbelievable” why ?
Unbelievable anger towards our internet service provider, what a load of bollocks.
This is unbelievable. Come on Blackburn !!!!!
This is quite unbelievable
This is unbelievable.
“@RealRomfordPele: 3 2 Blackburn. Unbelievable” Jeff!
Unbelievable blackburn. 3-2
unbelievable tafika just cost me grrr get out the way!!!
Unbelievable at Old Trafford. The majority of the Man United side thought they could win by just turning up. Woeful performance
This match is unbelievable though. Manchester United of all teams.
Blackburn are unbelievable!
This is unbelievable! I should captain Nani and curse United more often!
As much of an ugly goal that was, it was nice to see the ref not give a free kick in the keepers favour, and unbelievable desire 2 get there
omg 500 days of summer soundtracct is unbelievable. love it
Unbelievable. Nice Birthday present for Sir Alex.
3-2 Rovers!!! That's unbelievable
I go downstairs & come back to the tv & Blackburn goes ahead 3-2? Unbelievable.
The power of ass and titties is unbelievable. I know you niggas wish you had it.
Phil Jones is so fucking overrated it's unbelievable, has never impressed me when I've seen him
Unbelievable scenes at Warwick too with the loose horse stopping Glens Boy who looked likely to win. Plum Pudding gets back up to win
How wrong can u be, utd losing to kean's Blackburn, unbelievable
Blackburn unbelievable.
Omd unbelievable De Gea...not one save they did nothing but wev conceded 3 come on man
3-2 Blackburn, Grant Hanley forces a header in. Just unbelievable, that. Less than nine minutes to go. Yakubu has been outstanding.
UNBELIEVABLE, 16yo and can't speak english..
3-2 Blackburn! Unbelievable!!
Unbelievable, where's Rooney when you need him? Or excuse me..... Lindeegard?
Unbelievable! Simply unbelievable.
Unbelievable. My fantasy football curse even works against Man U. For the first time in my life I'm livid that United are losing.
Blackburn just scored again!! Unbelievable....yeayyy....Keep focus don't let Manure to equalise
It's unbelievable how much I don't want to go to work right now
Unbelievable Blackburn 2-3 up Hanley
Idk about u but my 2011 was quite epic....fabulous work, spectacular friends, loving family, unbelievable opportunities, & a healed heart!
Blackburn 3rd goal... UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Unbelievable de gea......
3 2 Blackburn. Unbelievable
Unbelievable! Bookies will be made up!!
Unbelievable stuff! Go on lads....#Rovers
man utd... just unbelievable man.. de gea..
It's here! Not New Year's...Dr Kidlet's 18th birthday. Unbelievable. Lots to do today - if they don't crash. They've stayed up all night!
GOAL!!! Blackburn score.... Unbelievable.
How Come de Gea?! Unbelievable goal..
Unbelievable events at old trafford! Happy birthday Sir Alex!
Unbelievable! Blackburn lead for the third time! 2-3
Unbelievable scoreline  3-2 rovers.
Unbelievable. United losing again. Goalkeeper to blame for sure! Blackburn have guts!
This is unbelievable. UN-Believable.
This match is unbelievable
Can't believe this is happening. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable, De Gea is the worst!
Blackburn scored wholly hell 3-2 unbelievable
unbelievable. clearly De Gea's fault. he has flapped throughout. I can't believe this frankly.
Shocing news I rcvd tonite! Unbelievable!
De Gea, unbelievable!
WTF blackburn take the lead again?! Unbelievable.
Hahahahaha cmonmn, unbelievable
De Gea unbelievable... No confidence, great keeper but never in the premier league!
Unbelievable Blackburn, 2-3..
Unbelievable! Old trafford silenced
Don't limit yourself. While you have to think small to get things done ALWAYS & often THINK BIG, like unbelievable thoughts & watch em form
3-2 Blackburn. Unbelievable.
This is unbelievable....
they've taken the lead again. unbelievable
Who had money on Blackburn? Unbelievable scoreline at old Trafford!
Unbelievable! Come on you blues!
Unbelievable! Absolutely unbelievable!!
HAhaha lol unbelievable
996 - High - Fallen in love with cricket again. Passion for the game in India is unbelievable.. Will the little man get another 100..?
sleeping is top of the list for unbelievable struggles right now
Mulai unbelievable
Its unbelievable how proud I am of myself 4 deleting my fb lmao!Iv always been obsessed with it,not anymore!Im def keeping my twitter tho x
Watching Kouhaku now. :P Unbelievable...
The amount of food I've had this Christmas is unbelievable and I've done no exercise apart from running for a bus..
To many people care to much about KD on MW3 fucking unbelievable
When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world. C. S. Lewis
Wow unbelievable night, who would have thought it could still rocking at 4:30am the day before new years eve!! Bring on tonight now
Unbelievable. You, [subject name here], must be the pride of [subject hometown here]!
Soooo mad right now its unbelievable
he is so unbelievable!
Feel your magic touch, it's unbelievable I gotta have ya, like abracadabra!                                Love Jessie j new album!
The crowd here... Unbelievable.
Ngakak liat acra ini. Unbelievable outing
I love being able to see NY Outfits and Makeup... It's really unbelievable sometimes
and you just see right through me, if you only knew me. we could be a beautiful, miracle, unbelievable instead of just invisible..
The stadium at the quidditch world cup is unbelievable
First night out so late. Lol. Unbelievable that my mom said yes. Haha.
These nightmares are rather strange and unbelievable--once I wake up.
All due respect to to Kobe, LeBron and Durant but D Rose is UNBELIEVABLE. The NBA is a PG league and the Bulls have the best in the game.
Theses sunflower seeds are unbelievable
rdtgyujloretygerfklmed thats how im feeling right now..... so bored its unbelievable!xoxox
You are so amazing, unbelievable baby it's you that makes me smile when everything is crazy
happy new year! : ) thanking god for an unbelievable year! : )
we are on the last day of this year. feeling is sinking now. unbelievable!
Today is the last day of 2011... Unbelievable, time flies.  <3 Wishing you an AWESOME 2012! <3
The amount of rubbish some fans are chatting about Norwich at the ground is unbelievable!
So hacked off its unbelievable, never known someone more up there own back side!
Holy fuck!!! Just received the best new years news!!! Watch this space in two days. Farkk unbelievable!!!!
Last night was unbelievable...lol
Unbelievable fireworks at the Sydney harbour bridge, new years dream fulfilled. Can't begin to explain how happy I am, if knackered! X
FUCKING STUPID! STAY @ HOME TO COUNT DOWN ON THE AGE OF 20!!! SUPER UNBELIEVABLE! FML SUAH!
I see my life as never going back to normal (in a amazing, awesome, unbelievable cryingly wonderful way)
Some girls are unbelievable stupid! :)
happy new year from Sydney! unbelievable fireworks.
it's unbelievable how manny people get judged by there looks these days.
Nouble scores for West Ham, unbelievable seeming as he was gash for us
Unbelievable. Minella class falls, and looked like a good Henderson horse, (for an outsider)
it's unbelievable how the song 'The man who can't be move' will eternally be my favourite song ever!
...Doing this shit, I'm gunna get myself sick or something...the pain is unbelievable...
wow unbelievable \=D/
Unbelievable action at Old trafford. Now 2-2
Once again I haven't been nominated for an OBE this year for my contribution to local radio! Unbelievable!
Its unbelievable how d year just passed by it was so eventful with so many changes in our lives..
It's already New Years Eve, unbelievable how fast the year passed by. It happend a lot to me and my family this year. :) :( Goodbye 2011
It's unbelievable how dumb some people are.
literally crying...to have a heart attack in your 20's is unbelievable
today is my last day as a kid. unbelievable. ^^
Well.. It's just unbelievable .
My cuzn has been gone for 27 days n it's still kinda unbelievable...damn
certain people are UNBELIEVABLE :O
Lindegaard plays are last couple of games we do not concead and win by 5-0 margins,Da Gea plays and look where we are,unbelievable
Listen to Unbelievable - Craig David *u came and u change my whole world Now ... Now I see what love mean is.... I luv U huNny
Didn't realise how unbelievable cheesy Power Rangers was, lol.
Off to the gym!! Everyone have an unbelievable dayyyy!
Naprey UNBELIEVABLE!
The level of hatred that some ppl have is unbelievable!!
Credit to Sam Hutchinson for his comeback, unbelievable story
So tired it's unbelievable. Work til 6
I had no idea it was this warm in Maryland. Came outside to go for a walk, all wrapped up in down & wool unbelievable. Imma pass out.
Blackburn time wasting. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable how jammy deflections always go utd's way
unbelievable scenes at OT.
K so wen will phineas nd pherbs holidays finish#Unbelievable
Stayd up wit him all night! :-)  # unbelievable
7 year old sister is currently planning a ukulele nye performance based on nye and justin bieber. the excitement is unbelievable.
Its unbelievable how much I wish I was sleeping right now.
Berbatov scores: equally - unbelievable!
Still unbelievable score. Not as much so now.
Unbelievable Man utd 0-2 blackburn
Yakubu doubles the lead for Blackburn against Manchester United at Old Trafford. Unbelievable stuff, 0-2.
what a poor shot but turns into a good cross unbelievable luck
lol unbelievable man utd 0x2 blackburn
Unbelievable score from Old Trafford.
JUELZ SANTANA is bloody CUTE, its unbelievable. *Faints*
NICK THE LEGENDARY DEAN FAVOURITED MY TWEET OMG THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE! :D
2-0 down at home, unbelievable
Blackburn were 20/1 today. This could be unbelievable Jeff
Blackburn 2 up at United! Unbelievable! Yakubu with another 2.
Had the worst migraine headache last night unbelievable feeling better this morning thank god
UNBELIEVABLE!  2-0 Blackburn.  For my non-soccer-watching friends, this would be like a Big Ten team beating an NFL team.
damn fuckin unbelievable
Unbelievable scoreline-Man Utd 0 Balckburn 2. Na 1 chance 4 dem nau
Its unbelievable how much me and chloe love nathan sykes<3
Surprising and unbelievable...that's how I describe 2011
One Direction changed my life i love you guys so much that its unbelievable xx
this is unbelievable
Unbelievable! Blackburn 2-0 Manutd.
The amount of people wearing Paul's Boutique clothes is unbelievable!
Unbelievable jeff, Steve keen must be a managerial genius two nil to rovers
UNBELIEVABLE BLACKBURN 2-0 UP!
2-0 to Blackburn now. Unbelievable.
0-2 unbelievable ha
OMG.. Unbelievable.. 0-2 down at Old Trafford..
2-0 to Blackburn, unbelievable.
Unbelievable Geoff!!!
Wow! Yakubu. 2-0. Simply unbelievable.
Unprofessional. Unbelievable. Go to he'll.
My love for dj fresh's new song is unbelievable<3
it's so unbelievable
Though your words are unbelievable, but the words of another person are believed.
“@Saudi_Tweets: The amount of direct msgs that I get from your spammed accounts is unbelievable. Please fix it people ?”
My dream is to be a footballer, but being a Formula 1 driver would be unbelievable too
Also, it's actually unbelievable how much of the storyline+characters disney have changed
When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.@cslewisdaily
►Craig David-unbelievable
Unbelievable that 2011 is basically over!  Can't wait to see what happens in 2012
Good mornin friends and fam.. 2011 is comin to an end, we have loved and lost this year, we have seen the unbelievable and the Impossible...
> Luvvitt DOLCE Slim-fit Smart Cover Companion / Compatible TPU Case (back cover only) for iPad 2 - Clear at Unbelievable Prices http://ipa
Goodbye 2011 , an amazing year, hello 2012 an unbelievable year to come, which will put 2011 to shame! Live for the moment, love life!
It's unbelievable how fast the time fades away. It's been a year, and tomorrow gonna be another year. Another life. Another story.
Not only is 'Zara' my favourite shop in the world BUT the amount of hotspices working is unbelievable
the amount of rude twats around tesco is unbelievable
Unbelievable man u 0-1 blackburn is great 4 yakubu
So fed up, its unbelievable
Wednesday up 2-0. Unbelievable Geoff.
// I'm partying so hard right now, it's unbelievable. Here on Tumblr. Blogging about Klaine. Wheee! ;)
(The power from those Pratt & Whitney TF30s is unbelievable especially when the afterburner is lit)
“When we Christians behave badly, or fail to behave well, we are making Christianity unbelievable to the outside world.”-CS Lewis
ℊ Cyberpower CP685AVR UPS - 685VA/390W AVR 8-Outlet RJ11/RJ45 Compact Design EMI/RFI USB at Unbelievable Prices http://powerbackupforhome
This is Unbelievable!
Some of my friends are so stubborn its unbelievable... And its not a nice look either!?
Quick! Everyone rush to the shops & panic buy. There is a possibilty that some shops will be closed on new years day! Unbelievable.
Its unbelievable
7) I've been hired to be a research assistant at one of organizations in Ukm. And it is already more than a year. Unbelievable!
Uno wot some artist are so far up there own arse its unbelievable!
I'm trying not to cry right now after reading Peiqi's text. I'm so scared it's unbelievable, I can't have people stopping me.
The amount of spam in my direct messages is unbelievable. This is why I have never used it, ever.
The excitement to be able to say tomorrow "I'm 16 this year" is unbelievable.
Unbelievable fireworks display in Sydney to welcome in the new year. See you in February folks.
thats..... unbelievable.
The last time I sing!! Omg unbelievable :'(
this will be an unbelievable year of your life, my dear
This is fucking unbelievable. 1-0 down at HT to a team bottom of the table, a team we thrashed last time out. Frustrating to watch.
Last day of the year and the roof down Unbelievable.
At work for 8 am. Unbelievable. Going to nap mid-day!
UNBELIEVABLE . HT : Man Utd 0 - 1 Blackburn . Haahahahaha , aww Fergie Happy Birthday ! Enjoying the match ? LOL .
the amount of products ive just put on my skin is unbelievable!
Football Atmosphere in London unbelievable, both Chelsea and Arsenal are at home
Wow the fog is unbelievable! Can't see my pond 50ft away!!!!! Be careful if out driving!
Do u hv any idea of d amount of gifts pastors get durin seasons like dis? Its unbelievable...I wnt mind marryin a pastor X_X
My music taste varies so much it's unbelievable.
New year omg what unbelievable
The Amazing World Of Gumball is hilarious.
Steve keane wow that's what you get when you stand tall and believe amazing as a fan I salute you sir
Morning Tastemakers! The fact that it's NYE is amazing!!! Where are you headed tonight and what will you be wearing?
Leader's vocal is incredibly amazing.
HOW AMAZING IS IT THAT I CAN STILL SEE KAHI'S ABS EVEN THOUGH THE VIDEO QUALITY IS LOW
New years eve :) let today be an amazing day please
Captain Crunch Berry is amazing!!!
Pumped for tonight! This new year should be amazing
2011 has been such an amazing year!
You could see that goal coming for Villa. Amazing how Chelsea was letting them attack for that long.
Berlin is fucking amazing you guys. Seriously come if you haven't been. Or go again. There is just something amazing about it.
Sure I had lows this year...we all do. But over all 2011 was amazing. So 2012...get ready, you have big shoes to fill.
Tonight was amazing lol singing dancing spending time with family = AWESOME START TO THE NEW YEAR!!!! N happy new year to everybody im out
You're just amazing
Sometimes I wish I was born in a different year, decade or even a different century that would be amazing.
Since the mic cuts out at times, you can tell they're singing LIVE! Their voice sound amazing;) even with all of these difficulties.
I wanna wish the most amazing woman - the one who gave me life, an amazing feliz cumpleaños... ♥ love you mama! Ahora y por siempre ♥♡
Omg these monster munch are amazing.
Watching Earthflight. So amazing! Looking forward to the scenes of the grand canyon and other places I've been
2011 has been such an amazing year :) Some bad times, some times I'd rather forget, but the so many great times more than made up for that!
Fred Claus is amazing:).
Happy new Year, Hope u have all a AMAZING Night !! :*
still breatheless! miss A Goodbye Baby remix so amazing! Fei and the chairs hahah~ just like Yubin waaa sexy!
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing is, be yourself.
Happy New Year Sendai! So glad to be in this wonderful, amazing city. :)
This is just.. AMAZING!
Perfect New Years Eve= Great Food + Non stop Ciroc + Amazing party animals. »»That's Alright With Me <3
I just commented on my cousin's FB post,  posted from Japan. She liked the comment and FB informed me, all within seconds. Tech is amazing.
Friends with benefits was amazing now on to hangover prt 2 I'll let ya know how it is!
It feels amazing to stretch when you're tired
It's amazing how much having a good knife and good pan will change your perception of what's possible in the kitchen.
Ima wake up this new year .Next to an amazing person >.< bet .That
Oh my daaaays! Tonight is going to be amazing!
Got so much out of the way already tonight will = AMAZING
Now why didn't anyone tell me The Big Bang Theory is such an amazing show? Haan? Why?
It Has Finished 3-2 to Blackburn at Old Trafford an amazing win for the Rovers.
Read amazing blogs and then realize they were forlorn awhile ago.
good night last night, actually adore everything at the moment! Amazing end to the best year; all thanks to one. My girl ♥
Young, wild and free blasting through house, the start of an amazing night with prinnys!! :*
Thank you Allah SWT for amazing year 2011. You always very kind to me & I'm very grateful 4 everything. May You always bless us in year 2012
Although the weather wasn't ideal, still had an amazing time with the fam on my first cruise. Looking forward to Hawaii in February already
Baltimore looks amazing right now!!!!
Sleeping in sounds amazing.
I had an amazing night with my man last night :)
B4 twitter gets busy I just want to wish all my friends, family & followers an amazing new years & more health, happiness & success in 2012!
Its like you feel the need to tell everyone how amazing your life is!
Phil's canons are amazing, heeeeyyyy! Hahaha
Amazing new year eve tp sayang sm freak people..hahaha
Atmosphere was amazing though
When I laugh out of nowhere in the middle of my cry doesn't mean I'm messed up.. .It means I have amazing people that know how to cheer me..
Its been an amazing year for Justin.. Never say never, someday, under the mistletoe, etc.. I think he's gonna win a grammy next year ♥
☆HAPPY NEW YEAR☆ .hope it's gonna be an amazing year full of joy and happiness for everyone‼‼!
I just wanna say Thank you so much my Dear GOD. Thank you for this wonderful amazing 2011. Hmm, gonna welcome new year with joyful^^.
FireWorks ☺ its amazing ...... My little sister screaming very loud .... --" cuz she see the FireWorks behind her house .....
Hope u Twixtys hav an amazing unforgetable new years! Happy 2012 to those around the world! Here, we still gotta wait :/
Why do I always have to dream about amazing things that are never going to happen? ):
It's amazing to me that every year NYC starts off the new year on the wrong foot by dropping the ball. You'd think they'd learn by now.
It is exactly 2years since we met. Still feels like we're in 2010. Amazing.
WOW! Amazing fireworks c/o the General. Thanks, neighbor! And thank you view deck! You make the stars and fireworks seem reachable! Cheers!
Kahi looks amazing. She doesn't age at all.
Wow amazing list bookmarked and stumbled for future references
Mmmm this pepsi is amazing!
«@ThisGirlJordan Soul Surfer is an amazing movie. ♥»
Morning Loves! Its the LAST day of 2011 !! Make it a amazing one !!
Subject we laughed got serious even started talkin about the future!! It was AMAZING:; the things dat was said jux BLEW ME AWAYYYY!!
It's amazing taken care of another individual even if there not human
So if Harry's been in Southport that is just hdjhhjsdjs amazing! I live really close to Southport!
It was also tragic, we lost an amazing talented saxophone player, and a beloved monster, Jamey Rodemeyer.
Walking Dead marathon starts at 11 for everyone who hasn't watched this AMAZING series!
Tahnks everyone, amazing fucking New Years !!!!!! Thanks Sydney
miss a wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow  amazing omg
Went to bed at 6pm last night. Just now waking up. That felt amazing.
2011, we owe you too much! lets celebrate hoping that 2012 will be just as amazing or even better!!  Happy New years, everyone!!
Not going to lie and say 2011 was amazing like everyone else is, because it was the worst year of my life.
I had the most amazing dream last night 
Going to have the most amazing new years! <3 excited to spend it with my 2 favorite people. ;)
Up this morning so I'm thanking the Lord! Able to live another day! What an amazing Father he is :)!...
Hopefully, i can continue meeting that amazing someone from 2011 in 2012 :D
Well wrapping up 2011 it was a hard year bit god has already. Showed me my rewward 2012 thank god u are truley amazing
So if feels amazing outside & its new year's eve. .I guess we'll see snow in summer O_o ?
Vin diesel is actually amazing
sleeping might be the best to end such an amazing year away .
A Happy New Year !!!!! :D ♥2012 in Japan time :) I hope everyone have a amazing year <3 I love all my great follower !!! xD
Chemistry, such an amazing thing. The chemistry between two people can sometimes be overpowering.
Just watched a couple of hours of Gaki no Tsukai from a live stream. Amazing <3
2011 been an awesome year!! Met some amazing people and lost some...So many memories i will never forget and loads of laughs!! :D
My new years resolution isn't anything stupid like loosing weight. It's to stop worrying about the little things & have an amazing year.
2011 can kiss my asss✌ 2012 better be an amazing year
"@BSUEvents: Morning and Happy NYE its last day of 2011 Let's make it an amazing one"
Happy New Years beautiful friends and followers :) Have an amazing party! Be safe ♥
Tonight is going to be amazing
good morning beliebers hope u have a amazing day!
Thicker socks and toe Warmers would feel amazing right now. Always underprepared ....
so im on 4chan, and the amount of pedo's is legit amazing. i really hope this is a group effort of trolling. but i doubt that.
amazing fire works display! so lucky to be in Sydney thank you God!! already planning a cruise to celebrate NYE next yr!:)
HNY - grateful for all the blessings and life lessons in 2011... Ready for an AMAZING 2012!!! Best wishes to all!
This year was a great year. Gaga's new album came out & did flawlessly. We saw lots of amazing videos and outfits, and bonded as monsters.
If my son was born today that would b amazing,   lookn real possible
Wow.. So many directioners in Singapore...Amazing..
Can't believe there is less than 24 hours in 2011! Looking forward to an amazing 2012! Be blessed, seek Jesus, pray, & love all!
In 2012, resolve to not use the word 'amazing' in your tweets.
Dam I Juss Sit Back And Watch Life Work Its Amazing To Be So Blessed
In 2011, I went to Europe, got accepted to USC, graduated from high school,got back together with my baby & got my IB diploma! Amazing year.
Today's the day 4 the most amazing NYE jam, Sheer Elegance. I take it those attending will be getting dolled up 2day. Can't wait to c u! :)
GoOd MoRnInG LoVeS!!!! Last Saturday off the year let's make it count! Have a AMAZING day (*:
Watching "Stomp" on sky anytime.....amazing what you can do with mops, buckets, sinks, brooms, boxes.....
I know my distant future is gonna be amazing, I just wish the near future could be more like it
Good morning! Today is the last day of 2011. Be thankful for an amazing year. God has been very good this year.
Got To Know Some Amazing People This Year.
Happy new year tweeters, hoping 2012 is amazing for us all, and totally epic ;-)
College Dropout is such an amazing album.
I just watched the entire series of This is England 86. Although amazing & full of Sheffield, I don't think it's put me in the party spirit
This year was amazing! :)
Watching Dr Who for the first time ever. Woah it's amazing.
THANK YOU everybody. You are simply amazing.  And utterly unique.  (Just like everyone else ;)  Happy 2012 to all of us and all Life united.
There are so Many amazing people that enter ur life for a reason but it is hard to see them go will always be missed
New years already been in Sydney! Fireworks were amazing, have a good night all my uk ireland and usa friends!
To all you amazing people, wishing you the happiest of new years. Have a great 2012.
All my friends are gonna look amazing tonight, and then there shall be me
This year went to 11 the last months. Want to thank everyone for being so awesome and wish everyone of you a really amazing 2012.
Ok so my next door neighbour singing Jessie J 'nobody's perfect' is amazing. I want her voice!
2011 has been such an amazing year. May all of us have another wonderful year this 2012. Cheers, everyone! Happy new year!
ℊ Honeywell HW7500E 9375 Watt 15 HP 420cc OHV Portable Gas Powered Home Generator With Electric Start amazing price http://generachomegen
Crying in front of strangers is fucking amazing you know.
We just booked Swedish massages. 1st (professional lol) massage ever. This is either going to be really amazing or really awkward
y'all aint even seen the best part. tonight gonna be fuckin amazing . lets do this.
“@Kick_Game_Krazy Being The Reason For Someones SMILE, Is An Amazing Feeling”
Soo close, Again! Amazing from Djourou!
They always say out with the old in with the new.... I dont know if i want to give up 2011... Best year ever so many new amazing friends
it feels amazing outside
Happy New Year to all of you! We wish the best moments of 2011 were great and the best moments of 2012 will be amazing!
"Bitch I'm a amazing look what I'm blazing eyes so low yeah I look like an Asian"
and when you smile, the whole world stop and stares for a while, cause your amazing , just the way you are <3
I've been to amazing venues on other NYE, but in the end, its not about where you are, but who you're with!
Last few hours of an amazing year! So long 2011
Cheetah bedroom spread would be amazing !
Last Day of 2011... what are you doing for christmas eve??  Can't wait to have this amazing dinner my fam is making.
good bye our lovely 2011, welcome sweet 2012, lets make an amazing year!
The only thing good bout this year was seeing take that 2 times amazing concerts I hope 2012 is my year :) xxxx
I'm so blessed to have such amazing ppl in my life!! I ♥ MY FAM & FRIENDS W/ ALL MY HEART! Gonna bring the New Year in w/ the 1's I ♥ most.
Amazing how so many shops are selling there Christmas things already. It gets earlier every year. At least it's all fairly cheap.
Say Goodbye to 2011 and say hello, to the most amazing year yet, 2011S
Tonight I will remember the saddest memory of 2011, loosing the most amazing woman ever. Raising a glass to my nana tonight, miss you♡
I have Gogol Bordello stuck in my head. Last night was amazing - I need to see them again!
Just remembered I had the most amazing dream ever last night. Grim it's not real...
Have a fun NYE tweeters and I know 2012 will be an amazing year for you all
What an amazing dream I had:  Zayn sitting in the same table I was in timmis :')
"@tvaddict1995: The best part of 2011 was meeting all my amazing new friends on twitter <3" same here :)
Brown out on New Year's Eve...how amazing and happy is that? o_o
Happy new year to you all!! Hope you all have an amazing night, please be safe and I'll see you all on the other side :D !?! Xx
A Happy New Year !!!!! :D ♥2012 in Japan timeI :) I hope everyone have a amazing year <3 I love my great follower !!! xD
Frank ocean is amazing, I suggest if you don't know get to,
Yo the impact state property had was amazing , one of my greatest moments of hip hop as a fan when I was younger
:)TY!RT4getmoinot Amazing year for Chris Want to hear more good news in 2012!! TY so much 4 ur outreach to his faithful fans HAPPY NEW YEAR
The most amazing new year ever & the fireworks are amazeballs! Goodnight ☺
Novotel party ,,, amazing !!
Since I only have 160 characters, I'll keep it short.. Thanks friends & family for an amazing 2011.
Thinking about getting myself a gift for finishing an amazing year! 100mm macro please!
Just because a rapper/singer dies, that doesn't make them AMAZING all of a sudden....
Good morning! I can't believe it's the last day of 2011! It was an amazing year :)
Wow feels amazing to wake up at 10!
I swear, I can't thank One Direction enough for all the amazing things they did to me. They mean more to me than I'll ever be able to say.
My 2011 wasn't that bad I met some amazing new people & I'm still alive. So yh I should be grateful
'One Direction' and 'amazing music' in the same tweet. U MAD, BRO? How insulting to actual, talented musicians.
bliss n eso. amazing.
Cider, Pommac, chocolate dipped strawberries, luxury dinner, Oreo's. This night is gonna be amazing !
Happy New Year for all who has hit midnight now. Hope this year will be a brand new and amazing year. Gbu.
Damn. That would have been an amazing goal.
sydney fireworks display was amazing!
It never fails to amaze me how often One Direction are a trending topic. Obviously they are amazing but it is incredible...
Been to town brought a really nice top and amazing jumper!!!
2011 was an AMAZING year!  2012 brings even more excitement ;-)
2011; some mistakes, yet some amazing memories. But this was the year that changed my whole life and made me who I am today. El7amdellah.♥
Just fot 3 free nail varnishes from superdrug how amazing!! X
I hope everyone has an amazing day!
Had a great 2011. I went to Europe, turned 16, & got a car. 2012 is gonna have to be pretty fucking amazing to top that!
HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM THE FUTURE!!! Thank you to all of my friends and family for making 2011 an amazing year!
A girl just came up to me and said my hair was amazing? Weird.
Drogba has 150 goals for Chelsea. Amazing really. Considering he's looked as if he'd leave at any moment for about 3 years.
Tom Traubert's Blues - such an amazing song. Tom Waits is my new love.
its amazing how much can change in a year
Today/Tonight will be so amazing!(:
Hope everyone has a great night and an amazing 2012. X
It has been such an amazing year for me ! Thx God !
Well 2011 has been a truly great year! Dreams have come true and have met some amazing people!! Thanks for all the love and support! Xxx
2011 was really amazing, 2012 will be super extra really really amazing. And thanks, I can still see the firework. God is good
"@AudrinaPatridge: Happy new years to everyone in Australia!!! Cheers to an amazing fresh new start in 2012!! Xoxo"
,,, .Happy New Year East Indonesia and Korea... .Let we start 2012 with amazing smile... .:))
Waking up on this last day of 2011. Reflecting on God's faithfulness, love & grace. Its been an amazing year. Many blessings to all in 2012.
He said girl I look amazing next to you plus you crazy sexy cool and you stay obsessed with school
2012 will be amazing because ill finalllyy be 18!! :)
amazing header right there by RVP... but no goal
An entire night w/ your significant other is amazing..
Being The Reason For Someones SMILE, Is An Amazing Feeling
Wishing happy and truely amazing 2912 for everybody. Live long and prosper!
I had a great amazing year and I thank all of you for made it happened ;) huggggsssss!!!!
I hope everything is going to be amazing
Although the weather wasn't ideal, still had an amazing time with the fam on my first cruise. Looking forward to Hawaii in February already!
Just had an amazing subway! Boom!!
2011 is not really the best year,so im ready for 2012 , hope it will be an amazing year ;)
I want to kiss you on December 31st from 11:59pm 12:01am so I can have ɑ great ending to 2011 and an amazing beginning for 2012 ♥
*properly. Google'd, ah man she really is amazing.
2011 has been my fav yr so far! I saw my fav band,made some amazing friends,fell for stuff, learnt uke,DofE,purple/short hair List goes on!
Dad: wow wow really just oh wow your kidding me right? Wow that's just amazing. And he's got it written on his window. Wow.
2012 is gonna be amazing because: Im going to germany, Im going to wizzarding world of HP, HP set tour, its the 20th anniversary of my birth
Omg miss a this sounds amazing
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing is, Be yourself.
Anna is simply stellar! Hope is pretty amazing too!!
GOD: You are amazing. Thank you! I love you...
heppy new year everyone !! .i have a feeling 2021 is going to be amazing XD
Yes man united lost! This day has become amazing!
I adore old people. They're amazing.
Today's weather is amazing
People watching, amazing what you see when you sit still
Happy New Year to all my family and friends in Oz! Hope you all have an amazing 2012! Miss you lots!! Xxxx
Two words which are still insufficient THANK YOU to this amazing gift of life.
Saying no when someone asks u for food is an amazing feeling
the fireworks werent that amazing... the arts centre tower was on fire. lol
Infinite Thanks 2011!! You made me know the most amazing person i've ever known ♥...Can't believe you're going
Wow this is amazing...the things u can learn from ppl still in high school...I swear my brain didn't work like that
Music is amazing it brings back so many memories
So, this year I've met some amazing people and made some awesome new friends. I'm toasting you all with a glass of sparkling rose.
Happy New Year everyone - here's to an amazing 2012. See you all soon :-) btw, nearly 20  bkd 4 BIC 12th Jan so do email if you can join us
still can't get over the fact that i had an amazing 2011!☺ GOD is so GOOD!
Had dinner at the most amazing Chinese buffet in Toowoomba with artsieaspie
2011 is over already? That was fast! Bring on 2012! Excited for some amazing plans already in place for this year! <3
just came back from the nicest wedding. the bride looked amazing, and to my cousin who's the lucky man: i love u and wish you all the best!
My last tweet! Wishing you y'all an amazing start into the year 2012! Radiate Love and Stay Strong! :)
"75% of wild birds die before they are 6 months old. "– 5001 Amazing Facts
What a fucking night, absolutely amazing.
Fireworks! Amazing! ;)
Thank you 2011 for one amazing year! :)
Its amazing how I can't get up early 2 go 2 work, but I can get up 2 get my hair done
Thank you to friends and family for making the past few nights amazing. Lets end 2011 right.
Was woken out of my amazing slumber to take Chase to get a haircut
Lunch was amazing, food was incredible.
Nicky minaj romans revenge is such an amazing song !
I hope you all have an amazing night tonight and bring in the New Year with style! ♥ - have fun and stay safe, whatever you do.
Amazing we got a seat in a bar, on the royal mile, in Edinburgh! Slightly stunned.
Goodbye 2011, its been an AMAZING year!♡
it's raining here1 31st night seems pretty amazing now ;)
There's this guy approached me and said sexy!,u look amazing! Give a kiss... I was like "what?!" ...weirdo 0_o
Happy Birthday Sungmin you one heck of an amazing guy <333
I hope S♡NE & SNSD have an amazing new year :) Happy New Year all!!!!!
BEG are amazing as per usual
My dream was like amazing but but the ending was like blah!!!!
Scratch that, my dream was amazing again :)
Mariah Carey: New Jenny Craig Television Commercial!: Mariah Carey shows off her amazing figure as she walks around beautiful...-by Meiller
New year same me! Aint changing shit had an amazing year this year! Excited to see what good ole 2012 has comin for me!
Im so fucking happy. This year starts amazing!!!!
“@PRETTYSMILE80 Woke up feeling amazing!!! Thank u God for another day!”
2011 has been shit lost to many amazing people,hope 2012 bring lots of good and happy memories,roll on 2012<3
Think I did a pretty amazing job of dying amys hair!
Happy New Years Eve!!!!! 2011 was an amazing year. Let's make 2012 even better :)
an amazing fireworks <3 yuuhuuu!
I can write a book about you, it's amazing!<3
Happy new years to everyone in the World....!!! Cheers to an amazing fresh new start in 2012!!
We finally got here. 2012. Be amazing ! Happy New Year lovies xxxxx
Had the most amazing dream last night. Now only if it would come true. It would make my year :)
Happy new years to everyone in Canada-Montreal!!! Cheers to an amazing fresh new start in 2012!! Xoxo
Shiloh podcast, amazing. move it Anointed man of God. We can move the hand of God.
Happy New Year Australia, New Zealand, and Eastern part of Indonesia... Wish you all an amazing 2012!
RT@InezSyarifuddin: Wine,grill,candle,lights,amazing friends. good time to close the year of 2011. Hv yourself a little happy new year's eve
Woke up feeling amazing!!! Thank u God for another day!
This turkey sausage, egg white and cheese bagel is amazing right now
arshavin goes in 4 a challange amazing
Brown Eyed Girls are AMAZING LIVE!!!!
A Happy New Year!! May year of 2012 be an amazing one filled with happiness for everyone :) ♥!!
Anything made satay style is amazing!
Thankful for an amazing 2011. Happy new year to all. Welcome 2012!
I love singing... Hehe amazing yeahhh wooohhhahaha hahaha
And then d way tinz happen on twitter nowadays,hmmmm its amazing!!
So the big BLACK yak BURN man U...Amazing
Dr Mohd Asri's videos are amazing :')
The 3d stage is like amazing
2011 gave me the greatest gift & one we waited 7 years for. Thanks & cheers to a great year! Looking forward to the amazing journey ahead.
“@JeremyBorash: Headed on the train to London watching Prison Break.  Amazing series!” you CAN'T be serious.
The parlatones:'D still think their music is amazing
I no its early but hope everyone has an amazing new year,X
"Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer. "– by 5001 Amazing Facts
It's the last day of 2011. What an amazing year it has been!!  How shall I be spending it?? In the most magical place on earth of course!!
New Year*s Eve is so amazing for me))
Never been to Florida this time of the year, the weather is amazing
Woke up to my good morning text from you was amazing :$
The weather for today is just to amazing to be Winter
This shower is going to be AMAZING... If only she would get out and leave me some hot water!
So thankful for everyone in my life!!! :) 2012 is going to be amazing!! I know because I my outlook is always positive!!!
Just had the most amazing dream soon to be real <3
amazing night last night.. even if i did get a speeding ticket and a hangover thats worse than a mother fucker..
I met some amazing women this yr! Ppl from all diff walks of life have sat in my makeup chair. Thank u for allowing me to live my dream :-)
Its amazing how drinking water before going to bed after getting drunk works wonders!
I can't verbally express how amazing I've been feeling but I know if I keep doing what God wants me to do, it can only get better =]
Its soo freaking amazing outside. The weather in NY is phenomenal !
The best part of 2011 was meeting all my amazing new friends on twitter <3
I've met some amazing people  and I sadly may never see some of them...
Friend: "Happy New Year!" Me: "Thanks. You too and hope this year will be amazayn." F: "I'm pretty sure its amazing" M: "oh, yeah." ooops.
Good bye 2011, thank God for this amazing year.. And God bless 2012!!
Celebrate dekat rumah is not 'forever alone'. We have twitter, twitter with amazing people :)
That was actually an awesome night. Fun times in Camden and then amazing convo with artists who embraced their fans rather than being Diva's
2011 has been the greatest year for me. Met so many amazing people and have made so many memories. Wouldn't change a thing in 2012!
31 Desember 2011 » happy, sad, adventure, love, experience, work, its so amazing moment.. ​•-̶̶•̸Ϟ•̸Thank You•̸Ϟ•̸-̶̶•-̶  اَللّه  :')
November tonight to bring in the New Year!! Had such an amazing 2011.. 4 holidays, great nights out and events..hope 2012 is as good :))) x
Rest In Peace Benjamin Breedlove, may God bless you in Heaven. Its amazing how you go on with your life. We love you.
Sending out Positive energy to everyone for an amazing 2012! Happy New Year!!
Love all my friends and family so much! Thanks for being amazing everyone! Much love too you all! Have an amazing new year! Roll on tonight!
Watching a new hope! What an amazing piece of cinema!
Writing down some goals for the new year. Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
This is my last tweet of 2011 :) I wish you all an amazing year ahead of you :) <3 <3 <3
Inbetweeners is amazing :L haha
BTW I know I'm a bit late with this but wasn't great expectations just amazing?!
Walking down to breakfast in the shining sun is amazing. Need to try to bottle this image for leaving my apartment in the dark & snow soon
i hope you all have an amazing new year :)
This year I do something that I thought could be hard tragic, but then was so simple, I meet the joy, “he's” amazing so I'm proud free!
there have been some amazing moments this year, and some i cant wait to forget
Happy New Year everyone! 2012... Going to be amazing!
There was so much amazing music this year.
Amazing Year 2011♥☺ The best one in my Life☺☺ hoping that next year would be better than these... 2012♥
I'm finding it hard to believe what my eyes are seeing, magic is amazing
"@JENNIWOWW: Hope everyone had an amazing 2011! But now its all about 2012! Live everyday like its ur last and have a blast doing it ;)"
The Pacifier is an amazing film
How does Arshavin still get a game? Must be amazing in training
hard to be melancholic when you have two amazing dogs doing french kisses and playing with a shared elastic band in front of you.
This is one way you possibly can make some amazing peanut butter in your house
Been inspired to meet with such amazing activists in the last couple of weeks. A true tribute to the modern middle east.
2011 I ran my first half marathon, amazing what we can do when we put our mind to it..funny that we neglected what HE has created
The weeknd are amazing.
When you have an amazing time line I must say the People I follow have very interesting tweets  :)
September 2011 gw nonton Linkin Park ama pacar..the coolest and amazing concert ever in 2011!!
RT@LostWords_: The best thing is finding someone who knows all your flaws mistakes & weaknesses And still thinking you're completely amazing
His bird thinks its amazing though so all that's left, is the proof that loves not only blind but deaf
Met so many amazing people this year, honestly love them all and miss them loads, hope to see everyone soon, I miss waterloo road :-( x x x
2011 has been an amazing year for Stage Door Dance Productions, and we're looking forward to an exciting 2012! Happy New Year!
played fifa on cousins ipad :o it's actually a amazing screen ;)
New years was amazing! The fireworks was fantastic, until we went to my sis house and we found her dog outside!
starting a new year with tears , ending this year with a heavy heart . amazing .
Happy New Year to everyone particularly those who helped and supported us through a truly amazing year we are very grateful to you all x
Childline this year was amazing <3
Not going to be back on this so I hope everyone has an AMAZING new year, hope everyone gets very drunk and have a great start to 2012!<3
woke up from the most amazing dream
Started off as an amazing new year! ;) Happy new year everyone!!
Just woke up to an amazing Text
Wish I had my new camera with me, some amazing views on the train journey to Manchester!
Living the Life at Tesco, checking out the mutants as they get ready for Mayan Armageddon. Amazing hairstyle, uncanny head gear.
Happy new years!!! Just got home from the beach! Fireworks were amazing, drunk people were funnier than ever an my feet hurt. Bring on 2012!
Oh my..what a lovely day it is!!! 55 degrees out here and it feels amazing!!!
Holy crap the house smells amazing. Lasagne? Boosh!
Thank you beliebers for An amazing year with love, tears, happyness and carring xoxo
Foto2 dong ka ☺ RT"@Rei_reand: W hotel new year party..!!! Just one word.. AMAZING!!"
Happy Newyear beliebers I hope next year will be a amazing year for our family. Love yall!
What. An. Amazing. YEAR. So productive, so successful; look at all the positives everyone, not the negatives.
OMG!! Michael Buble is following me!! I'm gonna start singing!! .. Now If only David Foster did the same thing, It would be an amazing day!
Farewell 2011.....Looking Forward to an AMAZING 2012!
I'm so thankful for every single thing that 2011 gave to me. It was an amazing year!!! ;)
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
2012 is going to be the year of new friends. And amazing old ones.
Thank you friends for giving me the most amazing year thank you ♥
Made chicken noodles cause they're amazing, for apnea reason they were total minging :|
Paramore in 2012 will be amazing <3
I wish I could make amazing Art like this user on deviantart who seems to dislike me for no reason :(
Wow had the most incredible night.. My year ended amazing.
Good morning peeps! It's New Year's Eve! Have an amazing day & don't forget to make this new opportunity of living count.
To all my YT friends, thank you so much for everything this has been an amazing year and I promise I'll post more! I love you all ♥
May everyone have an amazing New Years wait tonight and may the new year bring all your desires love you all!!  2012!!
His body is amazing yummmyyyyy
Junior Masterchef Australia contestants are amazing!I wonder whether our Malaysian kids can cook like them.
2011, you've been an amazing year even if you've been the hardest. I've learnt so much and am more than ready to face 2012..  \(≧∇≦)/
Dream sharing,ready for amazing 2012!
Its amazing how quickly my room can go from spotless and to an absolute bomb site!
Wow the crowd here, Amazing!!
It's really amazing how medicine can change your life. Today had the promise of migraine pain but 1 zomig & 15 min later I'm as good as new
2012 is gonna be amazing: leaving school, leaving home, turning 18, London olympics, going to New York, uni/college. Next year = best ever?
So the word AMAZING has apparently been used too much this year... Ok so now we'll just start saying AWESOME!
In Boston. Hanging with a pal, watching Amazing Race Australia. (Trust, Believe, Achieve! Barf.) It's a good Saturday already.
Stories from Jayapura. More than 5 hours fireworks party..amazing
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODYYY!! Thank you for being a part of my 2011.  Hope 2012 is an amazing year for you!!!! xx
Ooooohhhh forgotten to mention I gonna be spending the day with the most important people in my life tomorrow what a amazing start to 2012
I wish I could make amazing Art like this us
Its amazing how one person could have an effect on soo many ppls lives... ur gonr but NEVER forgotten
when people start writing deep paragraphs on facebook about 2011 and how it's changed their lives and theyve met amazing people .. just STFU
Jonsi is beyond amazing. Can't wait for "We Bought A Zoo".
Happy new year when it comes peps if 2012 is nearly as amazing as the last three months have been for me were on for a cracker
In borough market, a cake stall was closing and gave us a free full bag of brownies. Its amazing.
2011 you have been a year of amazing opportunities, changes, goodbyes, hellos, traveling, learning, and fun. 2012 may you be just as awesome
This has been the most amazing weekend in the history of Impact! So proud to be a part of this movement! Last day...bittersweet!
Tooo excited for tonight! Gunna be an amazing nye with my best girlies :') xxx
New Year's Eve! 2011 went by so fast! :( but so many amazing memories too :)
One Direction's album is actually amazing, why have i not listened to it before?!
Wishing you, your family and dog/s an amazing New Year
Wow I've had such an amazing 2011!!!
Good Morning My Amazing Followers
I'm dreaming of a AMAZING New Year that is approaching us all. 2012 needs to be the year that all negative things turns around.
The fireworks in Sydney this year were amazing!
Sounds sad, but bottle service will be amazing.
Thank You Justin For An Amazing Music Year!!
I wish I could make amazing Art like this user on deviantart who seems to dislike me for no reason :( she makes tintin graphics
Today feel so lonely, sad, so bad. Close this year wf awkwrd moment *hiks ._. So amazing year I think (˘̩_˘̩ƪ)
I think I won't be online tonight so I'm going to wish you a happy 2012 already. Make sure next it's going to be amazing! HAPPY NEWYEAR.
I want to kiss you on december 31st from 23:59 to 00:01 so that i can have a great ending to 2011 and a amazing beginning for 2012."
Its been one of the best years!! Apart from those odd days where you feel like crap,other then that, its been amazing! Thanks for that 2011
also i'll be playing infinite's amazing later while doing the countdown! here's to a stronger rina! ;A;
This is an Imaginaerum day. What a bloody amazing album.
I'm tried of staying awake and crying over what we had and you thinking it is nothing. So I'm done. You just lost an amazing person.
2011 was great, but 2012 is going to be amazing <3
May everyone have an amazing New Years wait tonight and may the new year bring all your desires love you all!!
Last day of an amazing year!!! May 2012 be even more spectacular!!!!!
2011 have been a good year, 2012 please be amazing.
This year has been amazing! Everything & everyone! Hope everyone has an awesome New Year :D. Off to liban now!
Can't wait to talk to the most amazing girl tonight ^_^ .@MissyKittyBug
Wishing you an amazing 2012! Many blessings!// Te deseo un extraordinario 2012! Muchas bendiciones!
Sleeping a bit extra tonight to revive myself by tomorrow :) Was an amazing end to a shitty 2011, the new year better be a good one!
Every day is as amazing as you make it! We don't need a "new year" for things to be wonderful
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all ur flaws, mistakes & weaknesses & still thinking ur complete amazing."@BrockBaker54
Your Love is amazing to me
Just been helping make the food for tonight I can't wait it is going to be amazing x
Davichi! Such amazing singers
When you see painters who just start throwing things in willy nilly but it still turns out amazing and you think "i could never do that!"
Happy Birthday to my amazing wife!!
Have an amazing New Year every1! Stay safe xx
Sorry guys...Im watching "Most amazing lavish weddings" lol!
“@muffyxo_ “@CarterOnYaAss: I wanna have sum amazing new years sex ;)””
Have an amazing New Years Eve one and all! Plenty of wine-wishes for a great 2012 for everyone!
Back home.....was amazing day :))
It feels Amazing outside. I know what I'm wearing Tonight.
Had an amazing 2011! Baby, 10yr anniv., continued to grow biz, travelled lots, can't wait to see what 2012 has to offer!
Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
The amazing moment when random people in Sydney know who you are, I love you all
NEWS as 4-nin sounds AMAZING live.
Just got some amazing shoes from RI. #£60isfine
Eeeeeee! What an amazing morning! I feel great! XD :')
Watching this is it = amazing moviee
So pain going now, let's hope for a good New Year!! Thank you all for your amazing support this year, more of the same in 2012 please!
Today is the first day I slept in past ten all break. That was amazing
Sick thanks to my amazing boyfriend!
Kaaaaay Jj new hair style is so so amazing n the way he talk it just burn me up n leave his Adorable smile on a side he's just kaaaaaay»♥..~
what a great way to spend new years....
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes. I had a great day. :-)
That second round (of sleep) was great....Now I'm up and at it..
Happy new year to you all! .Dj's mc's e safe on the roads tonite!have great performances! .2012 here we come!!!!
up early , house to myself , feel better , fridge full of food , life is great
It has been such a great year. Good bye, 2011. Hoping for a fresh start though
Back in Houston and it feels great to be home. Can't wait to pop bottles tonight! Happy new year. Maybe 2012 be much better than 2011!#party
Great present for Sir Alex!
Wasn't it great how quickly Verizon backed down when word got out of that intended "convenience fee"? Who says net activism doesn't work?
We are open for NYE ... be sure to stop on in & get a great tan to welcome the new year!!
Feels great out here... Bout to play a lil flag football
such great performances
Great night but tired af!
Great morning to ya
How great is our God - now singing. *in heart*
Dear 2011, You was great
great play by Charles.
Cant remember the last time i had a great nye,this the last time im djn or going out for nye,lets make it a good 1.
tonight is going to be a great start to the new year, can't wait.
2012!!Have a great year^^*
Watching the sunrise today. What a great start to the year :D
I tinks ima be speakin' like this str8 through this new year. Should be a great crack!
Christ, Ferreira is awful. But that was brilliant from Irelant, great run from N'Zogbia. Terry should be off.
Great, lost my lens cap and its not even been a week since I got it
I hope you'll have a great year!
MissA what a great performance <3 .amazing TT TT
What a great sports year for Minnesota fans.  Funny, you can insert a ? In two places in that sentence.  Not good.
We're OPEN  on NEW YEARS DAY 2012!!!!!! .LET'S RING IN THE NEW YEAR WITH A GREAT BREAKFAST!!
I've read thru my 2011 tweets & wrote down my struggles, successes .to remember where I was. See how far I've come. Overall, been great year.
Gonna stay up until twelve tonight!!! No problem!!! Gonna be great!!!! Hehe!!!
New day and new opportunities to be great. Happy New Years to all, be safe.
Having a Great New Years Eve!!!!! Can't nobody stop me!!!!!
Wow, dub is kinda superweird. Like industrial missing the great bits.
I wish everybody a great new years eve and a dram good 2012. Slainte math to all.
Would be great
Glad i slept so great not...gym time
Twitter is; "Over Capacity" .. GREAT !         -___________-
Happy New Year everyone!!! :0) Have a great night whatever your up to!! Xxx
Perf was great. But cameraman sucked.
Such great weather for a run. Now if only I hadn't drank all that wine last night..
Bragged about our own Sam Barnhart last night. Poker player that hit well over 1 Mil in earnings in 2011, great year for him!
Oversleeping feels great!! But not when you need to catch a bus!!
Lord You are.. More than enough for me:D God bless everybody! 2012 will be a great year for all of us. Amen :) love2 <3
Wishing everyone an advanced happy new year!!!! Have a great year!!! Stay happy and healthy!! :D
brothers sisters, happy new year 2012 the east of indonesia, have a great pork !
Happy birthday my boy..wish u a great year n hope we can meet soon...
Good Mrng Ppl.!! . .....Breakfast Would B Great Right Now. I'm Starving This Mrng.
It's always so great to see old friends!! :)
Just weighed myself...lost 18 pounds total. Great start to 2012. Ayeee
Errr can't believe I'm a great Aunt; surely I'm too young and fabulous for that grand title.
Beautiful people with Great minds & good intentions is one of the rarest discovers to be made.....
I have a great man in my life.. Farsh <3
Hope everyone who had New Years Eve tonight had a great time and everything u want in the New Year comes True...
ALL my Lucky7s and YG Stans, i pray that 2012 will be the BEST year in our life. have a great day everyone!. Love y'all~~ ^^ ♥
Great play from our useless fucking central defenders then. They are both incompetent liabilities.
New year's eve with my brother. Let's roll and party rock this great night bro! Cheers fo the beers!!!
The weather is great out 2day.
Great to see Drogba reach 150 goals
Thank you Sioux City for a great holiday stay. On my way back to Davenport.
2012 Be A Great Manager, with a Great Income. Real Manager
No plans for newyears .. Thats just great .
Villa equalizes, great build up by Nzogbia
waking up to bacon is so great.
GOD IS BEYOND GREAT. DON'T DISS HIM!!
 today is going to be great!!!
I might not stay awake to New Year, so I'm wish you ALL a great New Year & have a blast :)
Ok I'm done for now. Wishing everyone a great day!!!
Had a great shower! Getting ready for tonightt..
Cold, cold morning here...Great night, though it was hard not to knock down a few drinks...Big surprise trip by friends..Headed to game now.
New Year at speed city.. Thanks to ariff, Jane and yoong for a great run.. Lots of shifty run
Walcott ur not great are ya really?
Have a great new years everybody...
Park and rafael I honestly cnt put into words hw angry I am carrick and jones best cm,s wev gt plus giggs and they both play C,halfs great!!
omg this has been a great year, and i am not going to see any of my friends until next year.
Home Cinema 7 piece flatpack corner settees in light blue leather - great for small rooms
Great Day ppl!!!! Bow to the new season 2012!!!
Expecting great things in 2012
Morning! Sorry I've been absent lol .I've been going through a lot, my great Granna died and Thursday we had her funeral.. I love her so much
Yyyyyeeesssss great goal Ireland!!!
Always singing, and voice is in great shape. Love that.
BTW Good Morning Twibulous One....my bed feels great!
Monster and big texas are a great morning breakfast
Even though this year wasn't so great, there are some moments which I would happily repeat without changing anything even my regrets
2011 was a great year. So many memories to last a lifetime. 2012 has a lot to live up to.
What a great day to be alive!
And there is the great chelsea defense again.... Dammit
“@iComeBeforeYOU_ My breakfast was great *rubs belly* ahh”-- None For Me .?
Happy New Year! We are are open today (Saturday, 12/31) until 2:00PM. We are closed tomorrow. Have a great New Years Eve!
God is great fixing to get in a good workout it was a great year peeps I have no complaints ;))
Happy new year! After last night, probably wise if I try + have a low-key one, tonight. But I wish you all a crazy + great night!
Morning world. Hope everyone had a great last day of 2011.
Prepare yourselves for a great year!!!
Hope everyone had a great 2011 and wishing you all every bit of success and happiness for 2012
Its going to be a great night im cleaning up my act and profecting my circle. And bringing the new year in with the ones whos good for life
What a view from the Turbine hotel in Knysna, great views, food and super service!
Happy New Year to all our friends, may 2012 be a year of Love and great Blessings!
Here is to a great 2012 for all of us!  Wishing you great health in the New Year.
Great throat feels like glass is going down it every time I talk
Ireland for villa. 1-1.  great reply
Great more bots following me ... So many bots Twitter seriously what do I mention to get them lol blegh
UFC 141 was a great event. A lot of KO's
Wishing u a great 2012...hoping its goin 2 be filled with lots of great thing and more Blessings...God be with you always...@ZonkeMusic
it's been a year of ups and downs, but we gon' take our lessons and get stronger this year. 2012 is gonna be great.
I should go in on this TT bc I have so many great memories from this year bt imma save it for when I gt really really bored lol.
"@BrianCHouston: Stale minds won't produce fresh ideas and tired eyes won't see new insights. ONE great idea can change everything!."
10:30am and the whole day is ruined. Great.
HAVE A GREAT 2012 fangirls!!!
“@danecook: The hotter the girl the bigger her big toe.” such great news... My big toe is huge.
thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great
Great night with the Bestie ...oh Happy New Years Eve everyone
Lets kiss from 1159 to 1201 so we'll have a great ending and a new beginning.
Schedule looking great for next week
Happy new year 2 all have a good night and a great new year x
Last day of the year make it great!
That's all folks!!! Have a great night!
Great night ..
Wishing everyone a most prosperous New Year!  2011 was a great year for me and my family... Hoping for an even better 2012 for everyone!
Great. There's a traffic jam and I wanna go home.
In Massive Pain.! .. GREAT SLEEP THO :D ahh!
If you do something great, thank God before you get full of yourself.
My great-grandmother n auntie always get up early n wakes me up too...please let me sleep in
I'm gonna be very upset if my emotional wall has to build back up. Great way to start the new year.
Done BBQ-ing and now, having a great and bless late dinner with fam..
Today is gonna be a long day, it'll be a great one tho.
It really sucks that I can't cook tomorrow..a lotta peeps were looking forward to my great 'new year's feast'!
Great, villa playing so well...
Here's to a great 2012! Extra patrols will be out tonight to help you make it there safely!
Watching white house with my family! Hehe! A great way to start a new with a horror movie! :)))))
"When anxiety was great within me, [only] your consolation brought joy to my soul." - Psalm 94:19
Had a great sleep..soooo warm... gorg is still cuddled in bed surrounded with pillows. She looks sooooo adorable .:-)
The sex great. No I don't give ha no half pipe
Chat with some great people before 2012. :)
p: 300 Thread Count Queen 300TC Goose Down Alternative Comforter 750FP, White 300 TC to Compare Great Prices http://hungariangoosedowncomfo
Getting bitched at is a great way to start my day.
Great year but went downhill at the end.. Hope all goes well in the new year
Gahee is sucha great dancer~
Automatic spot end of the year. Great result destination championship
shittest bleach ever did absoloutely nowt, great
2011 has been great, but the best is yet to come.. Wishing you a happy, prosperous & healthy 2012..
There's a wee spot in Europe its a place of great fame, it lies to the north land and Ulster's its name!!
A two hour conditions session with the brother was intense but great way to start this beautiful day
Happy New Year everyone! Count those filthy fingers make sure they are still complete for 2012! Have a great year ahead! :)
I wanna hug u from 11:59 to 12:1 thats I will have a great end on 2011 and great begining on 2012 ... Happy new year ♪
Boy meets world seems like a great way to spend the last day of 2011
I'm a huge GB fan in all honesty. Since I've been back at CP this season they have been great. They make mistakes when pished like most do.
Happy new year 2 all have a good night and a great new year
So long 2011!! It's been a great one
2011 has been a fantastic year, tons of projects and new ventures. Great expectations for this New Year. Best wishes for 2012!
Have any great holiday pics of the Church to share?  We'd love to see 'em!  Hope everyone had a safe and happy Christmas break.  Peace!
Good morning! Up pretty early speaking I went to bed so late! I'm hungry & ready to grab food & hit the road. Tonight is going to be great!
What a great chance
I had a great time last night but I'm sleepy as hell :(
Good morning world :)) last day of 2011 let's have a great day!
2011 was a great year for me idk about the rest of yall.
Finally start studying after a week off for family to start hoovering!!! Wow my foul moods doing great today ! Do One!!!!!!!!!!!
Last day of 2011!! Make it great! Can't wait to start 2012! ✨
love how my dude is talkn about basketball on his wedding day “@EricDelie12: Never thought Lamar Odom was a great player. Too inconsistent.”
Jamming Mr Wrong Day iS Going GreaT BuT iT JusT sTarTed (:
Happy new year guys! Have a great night yall!
This year was amazingggggg cut off ppl tha didn't belong in my life n some great ones became part of my life :) oh n Vegas, PR n Mia Blast!
But Good morning tweeps. I'm in such a great mood. Time to start my day
Have a great year in 2012!:-)
Gud mornin twitter fam, the new year iz almost here, I'm so thankful 4all da great friends dat stuck wit me diz year I love yall.
New twitter client great. Either nobody I follow has tweeted since yesterday or it's shagged :-(
Excuses hold you back. Actions move you forward. I hope everything has a fantastic new years eve and a great 2012, make it a good year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! .HOPE U GUYS WILL HAVE A GREAT YEAR♡ .｡o♡o｡+｡o♡o｡+｡o♡o｡+｡o♡o｡+｡o♡o｡+
Thank you God for another day & all my BLESSINGS!! God is Great!!
★ Happy New Year to everyone around the world! I hope 2012 will be a great year for all of us. ★
Praying and waiting because more great things are on the way!!
Great way to start off 2012.
Happy New Years Eve to all the deltas!!!! Please be safe and have fun, heres to a great 2012!
Someones in a great mood
Hoping, the world doesn't end in 2012. Have a great year ahead. Happy New Year. :)
It's gonna be an awesome great day in Jacksonville ^_^ love y'all
I wish you a happy ending and a great new beginning! .Happy New Year 2012!
Happy New Year! I wish you all the best for this year. Have a great 2012 :)
We hope everyone has a happy and safe NYE!  Wouldn't having a pizza in the fridge when you get home be a great idea?
Little keys open big locks. .Simple words reflect great thoughts. .Your smile can cure heart blocks. .So keep on smiling it rocks.#HappyNewYear
Happy new year!! Wish you all have a great year.(*^∇^*)
Such a great way to start a happy day: with some Matt and Kim :)
something to keep in mind for 2012: Don’t miss out on a great adventure God calls you to because you’ve been careless about finances.
Its always great to spend time with someone you love the most : FAMILY♥
It's now 2012 in Korea! Happy new year everyone! Lots of great things to look forward to in the coming year!
Last day of 2011 people...make it a great one!!!!☺
I'm a little sad to part w/ 2011. It's been a great year! Not to mention it brought someone new and really special into my life! :)
Two great things just happened to me... 1) I get to leave work two hours early so I can nap before I drink 2) No work on Monday = BACHELOR!
ThankYou God for 2011!it was really great and I hope I can be a better person on 2012. :)
Working on getting the site up!! Looking great so far!
Hokusai's 'Great Wave' is on display at the British Museum. One of my favourite artworks ever. Absolutely incredible.
No plans, no ride, no phone .This is a great way to end my year
Almost good bye 2011 :( great year !!!
Happy New year to you all :-) have a great 2012!
My breakfast was great *rubs belly* ahh
Good Morning Everyone! This is the day that the LORD has made... Make it great
I never get bored of watching 'a knights tale' great film!
Good Morning great ppl! Wow...last day in 2011. Reflect and move forward  Greater is ahead of us
though I already have In Voids I really want to donate some money to Reece, In Voids is really fucking great.
2011 was one of our best yet! Blessed with a beautiful baby girl, cut back on work/stress & spent time on me. Here's to a great new year!
We know how end the year with style ;) tonight shall be a great night..
Great nite great morning;)
I've learned that every great achievement was once considered impossible.
2011 was a great year and I can say I accomplished a lot and made it thru a lot. Hope you all can say the same about yourself
Steve kean will probz be link with the England job now after tht great win !
My little brother and his friends have been mugged by two 18 year olds. Great world we live in.
2012 is gonna be a great year!
And before the year ends I finished White Oleander last minute =)) great book :bd
I wish everyone a great new year!
May 2012 brng u mny opportunities to explre the joys of life & to prosper trning all ur dreams into reality and all ur effrts into great ...
We Were Great ...Friends??
Hope everybody has a great New Years eve!!
Look gross, feel gross... Gunna be a great day
great. today's gonna suck too :(
yeah approaching New Year with Praying in Family. .the most beautiful and great thing i can feel :) .none like this
I felt a great disturbance in the Force... as if millions of vaginas cried out in terror and were silenced. Is Russell Brand single again?
Goodbye 2011 - Welcome 2012.....Wish u all have a great year with happiness and success
«@Therealkiss Car wash...liquor store...barbershop!» . .Sounds like a great day to me lmao...
Hope everyone has a great time tonight whatever you do ;-)
I can't believe it...I Slept 8 Whole Hours last night & didnt wake up once!!!! I haven't done that in..NEVER & It was GREAT...#ProudOfMyself
Happy new year everyone!!! Indeed God is setting a great 2012 for everyone! Expect and prepare for greater things to come!
Great. Now i have to go in to work till 530. This sucks.
Burnt hand on toaster ugh great way to end 2o11
hope everyone has a great night tonight, see's in the new year with the friends+family, and is full of laughter, no downers tonight!
Great work from Dj and RvP. Unlucky...
Linfield stepping it up now, Davy O'hare keeping glenavon in it with a couple of great saves
Honestly speaking 2011 was a phenomenal year, just a few uncertainties here and but great. Shout out to God for keeping me sane & centred :)
I love 2011, this year really is great
2011 was great, graduated, super cool job, have a Happy New Year!
This New Year is going to be great and unexpected
Happy new year my loves! Cheers to a great 2012!
That hot water felt so great!
SNSD Diamond was great!They were better than diamonds!!!
Just read Packer's chapters on wisdom from Knowing God. Great way to prepare for 2012 with all its opportunities and challenges.
2012 is year of the dragon this Chinese New Year; which is a really really great year. Maybe 2012 will be better than 2011 inshallah :)
Lost a follower but oh well! Who da fk were u???? REALLY DOE! I'm not in a great mood so....
My great dane chasin squirrels around the yard >>
I want to kiss you on Dec 31st from 11:59-12:01 so we'll have a great start for 2012
In case I don't see you, Good afternoon, Good evening and Goodnight! Have a great new years eve people! :D
Today is going to be great, thats if I can get out this bed..
Happy 2012 to all my TL. Hope JYJ & all of you will have a great year in 2012
2012 is almost here!! =D excited!! I feel like its going to be a great year for me!! :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR KOREA!!!! 2012 IS GOING TO BE GREAT!!!!!
I JUST WANT TO SAY I HOPE GOD BLESSES YOUR LIVES & HOPE I CAN HEAR HOW GREAT THE NEW YEAR WILL BE FOR EVERYONE. :P
I actually feel great , true imma get sad but boy its worth it all
So many people made 2011 a great year for me!
Thank You for a great 2011! RT"@vicegandako: I bow my head. Close my eyes. Accept thy will. And give you thanks."
Jace is gonna be a top notch athlete in school and college, and study something that will make him great money for mommy :)
I'm sorry as admin,I'm still lack of many things..especially in language. Hope next year will be a great year for us,for this world.
I'm sooo loooking forward to this year,its gonnna be super great:)
Great day  (ˇ▿ˇʃƪ)‎
Great day !
Great late to work...
BPL pretty un-predictable and full of drama. Great for nuetrals and good entertainment.
GREAT Birthday!  Thanx everyone for making it GREAT!  ( LC's Bar-b - Q the best ! )
Nothing better than a great cup of coffee in the morning to help get you're motor running!
Failsafe on CBS Action...a great film, a hidden gem...
This New Year is definitely going to be a great year for me! Speaking it into existence! I deserve it!!!
A Happy NewYear~!! Hope u have a great year~!!
I want to kiss my boyfriend on New Years Eve from 11:59 to 12:00. That way I'll have a great end to 2011 and an even better start to 2012 <3
I had a great night last night...if u ask me I already brought in the new year right:)
Yes, kaki dh start lebam. Great.
Teams that accomplish great things together have great relationships. Therefore confidence is shared not individualized.
A great turnout for Sigmas and Zetas at the Blue and White breakfast....
great night :)
Great..
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! I hope u have a great 1 !!!
Great Morning Twitter!!!!
..freshmen 15 eh?? what about holiday 20?? pants are fitting snug this morning..oh great, what damage have I done??..
I wish you a happy ending and a great new beginning!..
Thankyou all + Happy New Year! I wish you to be les rois de vous reves! Be as great as you want to be + never stop believing in yourselves!
Well What a year!!! Ended off really well , looking forward to 2012! I Hope you all have a great Year to come!!!!
straight hair  done // outffit - still to do // make-up - still to do // oh yeah well great ._.
A HAPPY NEW YEAR!  .i hope everyone great dragon year ^-^ ^-^ <3
2011 was one hell of a ride. Here's to 2012! may it be filled with new beginnings, great friends old and new, laughter, and love.
2012 will be known as loophole . Too great adventures and the great escape . Happy New Year to my lovely ladies and my gentle men
In conclusion, it's been a pretty great arbitrarily chosen 365-day period, so here's to a new one (although it will be one day longer). :)
“@ZaeeDaTweeter_: Good Morninggg ! Havee a great New Years Eve , Dollfacessss ! <3 (Onee)” you talkin to me ?? Lls
Half day at work has put me in a great mood
Good Morning Tweeps , Im Still Kinda Sleepy ...... Everybody Have A Great Day && Be Safe
Bull I can feel a great day on mY hands
Just missed my bus...great. Nye and bday in ny is already going wrong :P
Wishing u all a Happy New Year 2012. Have a great year ahead!!!
Goodbye 2011. I'm so sick that I'm going to sleep now ;) Hoping for a great morning on 2012 ;D good night everyone <3
Getting ready to paaarty and ring in the NY. Have a great evening tweeps. Happy New Year 2012
2012 A Happy New Year!! Let's have a great year＼(^o^)／
Cuttin wood, Emmett's great ideas
Here is to a great last day of 2011 and to a great 2012! Happy New Year!
Planning to read through Wikipedia in the New Year. .So, if you all could stop updating it in 2012 that would be great.
Just woke up & my twitter is not working properly. Great.
Brugal , Barcardi Oakheart , Scottish Whiskey , Palo Viejo , Don Q , Red Wine , Captain Morgan . = Great Way To Start The New Year ! [;
Fan : heh heh after so long seeing you feels great oppa long time no see .Jonghyun : yes yes long time no see
Y'all have a GREAT and Dandy Day!!!!
Have no intention of waiting for 2012... But then someone sets off a gazillion fireworks behind my house. Oh great. I can't sleep now.
Miss A that was a great stage :')
Thank you 2011 for great day,great champions,wonderful things and anything
Happy New Year everyone! Hope you all have a great time tonight <3
Tuition on the first day of 2012. What a great way to start.
i mean new york is great and all, we've got the big ball, but gosh other countries are so pretty too
HAppy New year fellas! Have a great year ahead.. peace!
Great now I'm scarred for life
Great Twitter is overloaded. Haven't seen that message in like two years!
Watching a horror movie with my brother and friend! What a great way to welcome 2012.
Headed down to Naples for the last event of my 2011 going to be a great day here in Florida
would like to say happy new year for later to all you who are PROUD of who you are. and proud to be white! have a great 2012!! 14/88
Happy 2012 great begining y'all..
«@DanDee_25 Good morning tweepers!! Let's all have a great and productive day!! I mean it is only the last day of the year!»
I wish you happy ending and great new beginning
Work till midnight then home, tonight's gonna be great.
Just back from my last visit to the gym, had a great workout and it gave me time to think about the upcoming year and what I want from it.
Gonna be a great day :)
Great day to be alive....wanna thank GOD for letting me see another day...#Blessed
Have a great 2012, have a fab OMR year.
Fan : This time round my position rise by 5! Isn’t that great!? Yes? Will agree right? .Jonghyun : good job ^^
I wonder what's in store for me for the year 2012. I'll keep my hopes high that it will be a great year. I'm ready to explore new things.
Great chance for Aveley but wide
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Make it great. Xx
Another year is up. I just can't believe it's already New Year's Eve. Time passes so fast. Wish everyone a great 2012. Happy New-Year!
Happy new year to u all have a great night
in the soo for new years, looking forward to another year of health, happiness, great friends and quality family time
Good Morning Twits! It's going to be a Great New Year!
Tons of great events planned in the near future for the alumni- see the meeting notes for more details!
60 degrees and the bike isn't running...  Just great.....
Celebrating Christmas on New Year's Eve with my brother, sisters, nieces, nephews & great-nieces in Alabama!
Have a great new year ppl. !14!
Winning is no great goal,,,, Loving Life, Being Freedom, Dreaming Heaven,these are the Goals of a Great Life and a great Heart!
Look at me and said, it's all great
Blackburn beating Man United, great start to this year !
Had a great time last night!
hope u all to have a great one. good night, anyways.
Bout to get my Henny on I'll be sleep by 9 tonight yall have a great New Year
Look at theese fireworks! Wow!! Great! You can't doubt it!
The stedfast love of the Lord never ceases, His mercies never come to an end.  They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness O Lord
2011 was a great year. It was the year all my dreams came true... Excited for what 2012 brings!!!
Aonther great day and its nearly new year :-)
Thankyou God, you've blessed me with a year of good times, good health, great friends and a loving family. Cheers to the next
Every buddy~Happy NewYear!enjoy tmr count down,new year new life!2012 not End of the Day,Is a Great Great Awesome New day!Good Luck everyone
Today is a GREAT day in the Lord!
Watching great fireworks at my room balcony
New years resolution is to become ranked nationally for basketball nd have a great year I guess lol
Anybody wanna confess that they have crush on me? Relationship w me? No? HAHAHAHA hais nvm la. Single is great anyway.
These are some great workouts though, I just gotta adjust to them
We are continually faced with great opportunities which are brilliantly disguised as unsolvable problems.~Margaret Mead
Seriously had a really great time with my family. Definitely been awhile since we went out together.
«@kalita_kush So many great memories of 2011. This was my year»
lets make it a great night
We ♥ great value
Woke upp Feeling Great!!!!! :D
Here's wishing all our friends a great 2012 ahead. HAPPY NEW YEAR!
last day in 2011 it was a great year
Wish all my Tweet friends a great year ahead.
Dear tiffany,kim tae yeon,lee yeon hee, kim tae hee,park jiyeon, son yejin,  happy new year hopefully next year will be great for all of you
At Cinderella at The Tabard Theatre in Chiswick with my goddaughter Lydia and her mother Nicola. Really great!
Putting on my sneakers for the last time this year. Aaah, last magic run for 2011. To great marathons in 2012 :)
I don't think tonight is going to be great. :-/
Happy Big Time New Year to everyone! 30 minutes till the end of 2011! It has been a great year for BTR & us, and it will get better in 2012!
One TBR pile done. Time to gather some more. Great foggy morning, perfect for reading.
Woke up in a Great mood. Could only mean today is going to be a good day, and an even better year about to follow :)
Warning in advance: please NO, I mean NO bcs for 01/01/2012. I already know I'm gonna have a great 2012!
Good Saturday morning everyone! Hope everyone has a great day!!
Very disheartening to hear that people are not fighting for love. It's always easier to give up. Nothing great is easy.
Have a great day with your hyungs and dongsaengs sungmin. Thank you for making ELFs happy. :)))
hav a great new year everyone whatever u are doing. i plan on having the best year in 2012
Working out is great!!!
It was a house of great routine. /benjaminbutton
Great way to fucken end my year in tears .
Yess im ready for show.. I present u a great show "this is the last gigs in this year" R U READY!!!!!!!!! pontianak
Less than an hour to confirm your attendance for the buffet on Monday! It's gonna be great! (:
I pray my year is prosperous + become successful in everything I do + make wise decision ! Graduate + enter in a Great College :)
Great not feeling good and have cramps and I have gymnastics at 12 are you kidding me
61 boxes loaded! - 2 feet into the 26 foot moving van loaded - going to be a great and exciting weekend!!!
Special K fruit crisps are a great & tasty snack.  I tried the blueberry this morning. 100 calories
Great sick..;( going to cut ny hair and then partying in my bed wahhhhh:( its not stopping me from drinking ;;)
Oh motha fucking great, I have a cold!
there's so much to be thankful for!! 2011 has been a great year!!!
Happy new year to u all to all of my followers have a great night
That's great !!
Great play by JD
Yes we are open today so there is still time to put a new car in your 2011....or take delivery on one for a great start to your 2012 !!!
Will be great if I can have some chips now. My mouth is itchy.
6 hours 38 minutes left of 2011 :) great year.
Great, now my laptop isn't fucking charging. -_-
Going to be a great new years eve :D
Happy New Year !!!!! .I hope this will be another great year for you !!!!!!!!!!
2011 was a great year!  Here's to an awesome 2012!  May the New Year bring happiness, good health, and prosperity!!
Although, I did become a doctor this year. And I got to have many meaningful conversations with a lot of really great students.
Last day of 2011! It was a great year for me so I'm sad to see it go. Cheers to 2012!
Good morning tweepers!! Let's all have a great and productive day!! I mean it is only the last day of the year!
2011 was a great year.. 2012 even more success
Taking in New Years in Karlstad. My girl just flew in lastnight, what a great city and most of all great people.
Pioneer dj kit and hip-hop.. Great way to end 2011.. Happy new year!
Everyone! Have a great new year! Here's to a productive and creative 2012 ahead! (but not til after one quick party tonight...)
2011 was so great and i am really grateful for everything happened , welcome 2012 :D
Just bought babs next car seat - halfords have some great offers on!! And new light for lounge and shade for hall light :-) happy!!
Great I have nothing to do tonight
Good morning. The last day of the year has arrived and I must admit. This year was great to me! 2012 will only be better ;)
UP , and feeling Great :)
I've got a great feeling about 2012
Echofon be great and and load my DMs
Happy new Year to all my friends who already started in the new year ! ^___^ hope you have a great 2012 !
Sick. Great.
:) No great deed is done by falterers who ask for certainty. George Eliot (Mary Ann Evans)
I'm so happy we are going into an even year! That is why I'm positive it'll be a great year :-)
Just signed into a premier inn... Was quite disappointed as I assumed lenny henry would be here to great me... He wasn't. -_-
THE ONE TIME I DECIDE TO UPDATE MY PICTURE OFF THE COMPUTER THE FRIGGIN WEBSITE DOESN'T WORK OMFG GREAT START TO THE YEAR.
Happy New Years eve! Looking forward to a great year with plenty of new beginnings.
Envy ya di marina ada LMFAO aaaaaa have a great NYE mommy ♥
Wishing all my friends a great 2012. May the best of your 2011 be the worst of your 2012
I have a feeling 2012 will be fuckin great...... If we don't die. Kidding children, we won't die.
Great play but horrible finish from RvP!
Be grateful for everything. Just enjoy every moment for none of it will happen the same way again. Remember, even great things expire.
A good name goes much further than a great gift.””
Fun fun fun, have a great time everyone! Woots
Its gonna be a great eve :D
Let this New Year be filled w/ happiness, joy and prosperity for you & all your loved ones. Happy New Year. Wish you have a great year ahead
Watching feast India ! Lovely ! Those alleyways , cramped ,  bustle n hustle spices burning your eyes ! Great stuff
Brilliant drive by Scott Sinclair. Just wide! Great play by Luke Moore, who drops deep to get more room in front of Spurs' back four.
2011 has been a great year...I hope 2012 is even better :D
RVP skill. Such a great player
This is great football from the swans, tottenham being matched all over the pitch.
So i just wanna say that 2011 was a great year. It had its good and bad. I have new friends, teachers and a school that is okay by far(c)
What a great dribble by Djorou! Too bad Van Persie's finishing still off
what a great night !! its not because new year .. but because a big surprise ..
Great play from RVP. Just needed a little dink.
Is not hoping for 2012 to be great...just be BETTER is enough! Happy New Year!
I wish you all a happy ending 2011 and a great new beginning 2012..!!!
My hair looks great right now.
≧ Vinotemp VINO-440TD-NAP Unfinished Reserve 280 Bottle Double Door Wine Cabinet with Beveled Glass Do to Compare Great Prices http://cab
great start off the new years at the doctors.
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer" <3
Great chance for Van Persie, good play by Djourou!
Nice. First I cried cause of the chinese show,then Twitter over capacity. What a great day T__T'" Haiyoyooooo .__."
What a great 2 mins !! Wolves and villa both losing ! # piss myself laughing !
Great work from JD !!
Being ill on New Year's Eve sucks - if I go out, I'll feel awful but if I don't, I'll feel pathetic. Great.
Tesla on hairnation XM... Not what ya got but whatcha give... great tune.
I guess I'm just an ass to everyone I talk to..  great. Just great.
Hope everyone has a great day!
Last year I unexpectedly spent the celebration with Sanlu. I think that was what made my 2011 great haha :bd
well that was a great way yo wake up. 
Great
another chance great link up play by djourou and arshavin
Listening to the jet family wake to great weed I thank yu for putting me on some good morning shit wiz curren$y trade and Roddy
No mistake is too great to recover and bounce back from (8)
Great last Friday of the year :D
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE! Hope 2012 will be a great year for all of you!♥
A great way to spend your new year JJ..but poor Junsu,foreba alone at home. :p
I went to sleep and woke up in a bad mood, great..
Well I Woke Up Feeln GREAT....
Just said my goodbyes and Thank Yous to Karla's  parents, they are soo nice , really great people !
Lots of alcohol lots of food a great group of people what does that equal.. One crazy epic new years eve party :D
have a great new year everyone.. may 2012 be even better than 2011!! :)
watching Hidarime Tantei EYE in the beginning of new year is a great way =))
Great*
Fake tits are never great tits.
Before all carnage breaks I wish you all a very happy new year! Have a great evening x
Is having a fantastic bday. . I dont feel a year older. . Yet! Have a great New years all x
My rollicking plan for NYE: watch last episode of 'Great Expectations'.
My imaginary personal assistant: would you like some Starbucks? Me: that would be great thanks.  REAL LIFE: no assistant & no coffee.
OMG !!!! THE FIRST DAY OF 2012 IS ALR SOOOO GREAT !!!!! 2012 GONNA BE A BETTER YEAR THAN 2011 ISNT IT ? (: HEHEHE ! Happy Birthday Sungmin !
Well, my twitter services are currently unavailable..great.
Great game last night... Loved the fight in our girls and proud of them.  Orlando was a rough group with some great players..
Last new year was so great :/
GREAT MORNING MY TWEEPS
Drtd kembang api ga beres2,, but it's a great view
Do you have a scar you want to get rid of?  Envision Permanent Makeup can help!!! Call for a free consult 732 547 0643, great for a gift!!!
goodmorning (: it's always great to wake up to my little Montana saying oh Girl you scared me lol she's so cute.
This Weather is Great!
Good Morning Brooklyn. Today shall be great and my ego will be very visible
Nothing like a great, to make me sessy, woo hoot.. All done omw home.. ;p
It's gonna be a great day
We will be closed on Monday Jan 2nd for New Year's.  Expect GREAT specials and events for 2012!  Wishing everyone a safe and happy New Year!
2:22am on January 1, 2012. I hope you all have/ had a great New Year.
You've got a party tonight, peeps? Well, party wouldn't be great if there's no One Night Stand involved. Ahay!!
Looks like its madd nice out . What a great way to end the year !
