<-----Going to be watching..BET & GMC ALL DAY.! videos and sister sister episodes.!
Blah. Watching odd future videos.
I love watching the videos on Bet at the end of every year
Watching the hip hop awards waiting on the top 100 videos to come on. Heard they was hosting in my city ..that's what's up .
Watching the Ben Breedlove videos made me realize how truly blessed I am and how thankful I should be for my life.
/Aha I l o v e watching there videos X)
Watching Timothy de la Ghetto's videos
/Aha I l o v ve watching there videos X)
Watching loads of Videos of them. They made me laughed till I had tears in my eyes. They just really are so lovable.
Watching youtube videos of the fireworks in Sydney and New Zealand feeling like a sad shit.
I was watching some Ellen videos and that woman is so fucking funny :,,,)
They sleep all day I'm up early doe scrolling through my phone watching videos
Watching some Old family videos.. Amazing :')
Watching my videos back from the tour:')
Spending countdown watching k videos xD
Watching Polish pop music videos while relaxing before making Frunch meat pies. I have a weird life.
Watching music videos....
This is the first year I can remember that keri and I aren't watching the top 100 videos
i need to stop watching videos of Ross now... i said this earlier and never stopped.
Watching Lady Gaga videos with my little girl. Ya I said Lady Gaga you gotta problem?? Lmao
Watching old videos and looking at old pictures on my laptop... So much has changed
Watching videos with my mom
I guess I'll be watching Notarized on BET for the top 100 videos of 2011 for NYE. How sad.
Watching YouTube videos of Stevie Wonder & Diana Ross singing I'm going to make you love me. Because I'm cool.
I've been watching music videos for the past 3 hours haha. Time to do something productive
I'm watching videos of the boys in Manchester and I'm crying. What will I be like at this tour?!
I love watching countdowns at the end of the year... you get to see videos you forgot came out that year...
Watching videos from years ago! Wow, I look so different!
Whoo shall usher in new year by watching videos
New Year with my sisters making hilarious videos and watching countless movies. 
Watching worldstar videos on the train
Watching all demis old music videos:)
Watching videos of cats on youtube because I have nothing better to do with my life.
Up watching my videos
Wow last night was insane watching the videos n omg we were fuuuuuu
Who's Watching 106&Party Today @ 11am They Are Showing the Top 100 Videos. Of The Year!
Watching 2011 event videos with my family. Reminiscing before the year finally ends.
Morning twitter :). Day gonna be filled with English and watching videos .
watching random videos of the boys and they've made me smile
So later today I'm going to be spending time watching 1D videos. Just watched some omg I just love them.
Okay so I was busy watching SS3 videos when Sorry, Sorry was suddenly played on the radio. XD
totally watching fred videos in tc :) xD
I am watching videos of how to latch hook on YouTube.  Rock and roll lifestyle or what?
Just been watching Sian and Sophie videos, I shouldn't have done it seeing as I'm trying to keep the tears back! :( xx
watching all the tour videos. I was so closeeee!! I'm crying uncontrablly. we were so lucky.
Omg watching old kingsley videos. "Hello you buttery nipples"
just watching all hsm videos. I miss it loads
Folks. I have epic videos. I mean, they're nothing extravagant but at least you won't get motion sickness from watching them :)
In gonna be watching notarized but not going to see all the videos :( all I want to know is what #'s MB is .
Who says I'm boring? I'm spending _my_ New Year's Eve watching videos about Core Data.
Watching makeup videos..
I was watching 5 parts of videos: making of the year witr one direction...It´s amazing life story!!!
AWH YEAH. WATCHING SAD AS FUCK VIDEOS. since im home alone.. might as well.. right?
Watching old Busted videos. Looking at how far Matt Willis has come.
Watching YouTube videos till I get tired or get some food whichever comes first
Watching gameplay videos of scary games are not exactly the best way to spend NYE...
Watching the videos of my brother in laws when they came in town puts me in such a good mood! They are hysterical!!!
Watching cheer videos on youtube cause that's just how fun my NYE is going. Yeahhhh.
Why am I watching engagement proposal videos? :DD
currently watching some f(x) videos..  .tene !! AMBER you're killing me >....<
Watching loads of Jedward fan made videos and being like "I want a twin!!"
ma eyes are so tired watching videos..and its already nyt time..=,=
Guess I'll be watching The Notarized Top 100 Videos all day .
Watching videos on centric while waiting for mom to go to the store. Its gonna be packed I bet
My sister is watching so many videos of the kid dancing at the apple store. I love that kid!!! YouTube it if you're interested!
I actually miss just sitting in the back room and watching the training videos :(
Cedele chocolate truffle cake and Breezers while watching home videos? Beautiful nostalgic trip man. The alcohol is just a nice touch.
Watching old Competition videos. <3
Watching music videos tho
just been watching videos of Ronaldinho at Flamenco this season, he is still soo sick. have a look, he never disappoints.
Got this nigga watching home videos.....lol
My God. I'm sat watching Rock videos on MTV. A mere 18 years after Beavis and Butthead.
Spent 3 hours watching videos on this HSBC programme.
I Ain't Watching Them Top 100 Videos I'm DVR'n That Shit Lml
Here watching videos in youtube with my couisins hahaha:)
Hey watching her music videos... Wowwww. No wonder de ppl tell she don't eva be preggers at de VMAs again.
*WalkingDownMemoryLane*watching our videos***shame we had a gud thing if only**sayng no to him is my 1 regret dis yr**
lol my neighbor is probably like "wtf is up with this girl next door!?" im laughing so loud and watching youtube videos lol
Jessalee likes to spend her first day in 2012 watching videos on youtube about huskies...
watching yesterday's videos over and over again. happiness felt man, hmm
Up early eating a bowl of fruit loop s and watching videos
Omg I'm watching my videos from Barcelona and I can't stop laughing, we had so much fun there.........
watching Hilary Duff music videos.. I actually love her <3 Can't believe shes married and having a baby :)
Done watching 1D videos :) I still have a lot to watch lol.
in our Tagaytay home! Watching scary corny videos with my cousins!! Haha
today just feels like a Sunday. Which means I'll be sorely disappointed when TNA isn't on later. Watching videos to console myself, tbh, lol
I'm gonna spend the last day of 2011 watching kingsley's videos on Youtube:)
Watching Katt Williams videos
I wish I was watching 2011 greatest videos
Watching old family videos from when I was about 9..my dance moves have not changed!
watching videos of the boys from when they were on xfactor:D
I was watching videos of OMG Girlz in Cincinnati & the girls were yelling Babydoll name saying "i love her, she the only one i like" .
Watching Country Videos .
Husband and kid are glued to my iPad watching cat videos on YouTube. Must be my cue to go for a run. Happy NYE, y'all!
Why am i watching videos of harry crying.. makes me bare emot
uhhh, watching old home videos... i was a demonic psychotic child..
Watching VH1 Classic One Hit Wonders...man, I didn't remember how cheese-a-licious music videos were!
watching these gh high school basketball videos has just ignited something in me
So 2moa is 2012....dats rite I am meant 2 be watching bet notarized top 100 videos of d year...
Moms watching my baby videos. Dear god.
being ill sucks. but i'm feeling slightly better. i'm sure after watching old Dan and Phil videos i'll feel much better ^-^
Watching Videos Of The GrandFathers Of Electronic Music, Ladies & Gents, "Kraftwerk" They Were Many Years Ahead Of Their Time Musically.
Watching 2PM's performances from Youtube... Just from youtube... TT ... Thanks for all who's sharing those videos ^^
I don't feel like watching that.... thing. the livestream sucks so much it's lagging.. all the time.. I'll watch the videos from YT then...
5ala9 seriously I should stop watching illuminati videos :)
I'm sitting here watching old rap videos thoEPe
Watching top 100 music videos of 2011, I never watch music videos, most are pretty cool
and theres me. spending new years eve watching one direction's videos. lol
watching videos of kathniel....so cute!!
Found this really good website with all robert pattinson videos and shizz, wild new years eve watching them haha
just watching YT videos to look what i can do with my hair tonight..
ending 2011 by watching music videos from my favorites :)))
Finally watching vlogbrothers videos after about a year hiatus. This may take a while.
##iLoveWontonSombrero You were such an icredible dog and the cutest I hav evr seen. Ill miss watching yr videos and smiling at yr cuteness<3
watching old videos - I was cute
This Isaac Carree video is full of eye-candy.. Will be watching gospel videos more in 2012
the whole family is watching ABBA videos in the living room rn. lol
watching weird videos of 2011 on thai tv.
Enjoying the last hrs of 2011 watching videos with my cuzins :)
Don't really watch videos currently watching MTV jams my how Chris brown has changed celebs n dere drug addictions lls
oh wow. we're watching with videos and my brother requested eric prydz 'call on me'. watch THAT with your family.
"@Poetic_Opez: watching some Ashra Kwesi videos pon youtube" « Good teacher!
Maybe I should listen to Aaliyah while watching MyVidster videos on mute. It'll be like the real thing.. ya know.
Actually Berbatov's been watching Yakubu Videos
Watching Billy Ocean and Phil Collins videos on youtube
We Are Most Definetly Watching Some Tre Melvin Videos Tonight .
watching some Ashra Kwesi videos pon youtube
Watching Zyzz videos for motivation
Now watching youtube videos to decide what to do with my make up
Watching videos on my phone ;)
Watching Yesung funny videos lol He never fails to crack me up oh lol.
Watching Achele videos with a huge smile on my face!
watching videos of them :') they r adorable
My new year: Up All Night blaring, watching every one of One Directions videos having a party with my posters and Zayn (doll) Bring on 2012!
Just spent the past half hour watching videos of mark and tom on youtube I'm such a freak...
i know it's taem now but i have given up watching the livestreamgonna wait for the videos. I'm busy celebrating the eve. see you next year!
Watching Yume Nikki videos. I should play it again, it's been a whileeqAim
Watching all of Gaga's music videos from this year from BTW to Marry The Night :D x
watching shark videos. <3
Watching all these videos of MB ..... <3
i need to stop watching these videos..im getting into a very jealous state -_-
Watching videos from youmeatsix omfg fireworks
Up watching wedding videos. Smh
Im deff watching the top 100 videos  , today on 106 & park starting at 11am !
watching a few of my old youtube videos... my gosh xD
LOOOL I need to stop watching these videos in 2k12
Watching Kingsley's videos on Youtube... hahaha fucker lolololol :))
Why is Liam so perfect. ndjsjsks. I've been watching random 1D videos this morning, don't judge me.
Watching videos
I've been watching videos of Alice: Madness Returns for 3 days straight! Damn, I love her so much! <3
We're spending new year's eve watching home videos. Good times man.
sounds gay, but.. i do like watching judge judy videos on youtube :L
Omg my 5 year old sis is sooooo cute! She's sat watching youtube videos on an ipod touch of mario cart! Nawhhh!
To-do-list; watching videos of gayo daejuns and movie awards
I am literally wide awake!! Smh I just went to sleep like 4 hrs ago and I have been up an hr so far watching flash mob videos! Sad...
Here. Just watching many videos. Jones abis -_-
my new year consists of sitting in with jodie watching friends with benefits and watching one direction videos :]
LMFAOOOOOOO, Jesus watching videos on how to make boobs bigger. xD omg dying
My way of celebrating the new year... spent most of the evening watching BB videos. :)
Im up watching videos we made in Iraq....just thinking I was there this time last yr is a blessing iIVFc
"@Secrets0228: Can't watch MBC !! I will watch videos later , now watching KBS" Me too :D
Just spent my morning watching LMFAO and shuffling videos. What a loser
Can't watch MBC !! I will watch videos later , now watching KBS
Whoa! I am not easily impressed but watching youtube videos through ipad streamed by wifi via apple TV to Sony AV & TV is awesome.
I cant believe me nd him was up at 5am watching family guy videos on youtube laughin like shit.
Watching videos of The Maine. I'm nearly crying
Watching old one direction videos<3
love watching SC2 videos and not understanding anything!
Up watching music videos  .***TonyMontana2013***
ive been watching YouTube videos for the last couple of hours.
Breaking in 2012 by watching anti-feminism videos and making myself angry.
Illuminati is so scary :) , I regret watching their videos on youtube *Cries*
Shane & Friends and Ask Shane were the first Shane videos I got into so watching them always reminds me of when I was new :-P
Um... I can't sleep - its 3AM in Hawaii so of course I'm watching Justin Bieber videos on Vevo. o_O
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA watching old Curtis and Emma videos oh how i want more Curtis and Emma tweet me if u want more Curtis and Emma!
Watching all the old one direction videos and judging how old they are by liams hair
I stay watching youtube videos, on night where I can't sleep. Hah, I'm lame.
i am watching some satanic black metal videos right now. it's a nice way to end this year.
Watching hilarious videos of Gadaffi. Estaghfer allaah
I' watching videos of kids opening presents (don't ask), and I just get really sentimental. Wtf?
Watching these punk rock videos
Watching videos from Boing day. That has to be the best SD ever <3
Watching music videos
Does times when you stay up ALLLL night because you were watching random stupid Youtube videos -_-
feel like watching dream high when I saw those short videos !
Watching Super Junior music videos at the last day of 2011 <33
I could happily sit on YouTube all day watching videos of You Me At Six
lazy to watch korean drama right now = don't want to read subtitles so i'm watching youtube videos
Okay. Not watching tv anymore. Gonna watch some random kpop-related videos. (:
chilling, watching videos with the wife.
im watching youtube videos of the boys, tweet me your favourite youtube vids of them! i will watch them! xxxxxxxxx 1Dmemoriesof2011
watching the tour videos and being so depressed i didnt get tickets :(
“@HESNOGENTLEMEN: You right yeah we at da crib, I'm watching videos what's up with URs  .ABN”<> she sick fam , a Lil virus
Watching literally everything on the 1D YouTube channel, so sorry if I post loads of videos :p
Watching old videos on youtube of Sarah Michelle Gellar in interviews :L
Maddi Jane is very good! I like her. Even this is my first time watching her videos.
You right yeah we at da crib, I'm watching videos what's up with URs  .ABN
Most people: "I spent new years getting SMASHED!!!" Me: "I spent new years on tumblr & watching All Time Low live videos on YouTube"
Monique!! Stop spamming rookie groups for now ;AAA; I'm watching videos on what happen yesterday.
Watching dance videos instead of sleeping lol. goin hard
I still haven't slept btw. I was watching youtube videos
Ben up since 4 am watching videos on hurricane Katrina... I am convinced that our government is beyond corrupt
is watching her brand new Whitney DVD - of her in concert and music videos, the greatest hits. Great moves that I plan to break out later!!
Re-watching the videos again >:))) Ayoko talaga lumabas! XDD
Watching all of Justin's music videos, lololololol.
Another night of watching uke videos.
Can't sleep.. Story of my life! Watching country music videos all morning.. Also, story of my life :D
Spent the last hour watching One Direction tour videos on youtube. So excited to see them next Saturday! ♥.
People at count down now. It's okay i'll be watching youtube videos and i am a loner.
My brother is watching YouTube videos on how to tie a tie HAHA.
Up watching Videos !
When i have children, they are totally banned from watching music videos until they turn 21! When did they become *so* raunchy?!
The power of beliebers. I listen so much to Justins music and watch so much videos. And now my brother is watching it too. omggggg
Watching the most viewed videos of 2011 on YouTube. In tears lol'n.
I was watching old Nicki videos right now. They time flew by. God damn
Watching old videos of Justin brings back so many memories!
Woke up watching music videos with a stomach ache.
Up with the sis watching videos ... Lmao
I'm going to spend this new year's eve by just Watching SJ's videos and celebrating ming's bday..... mehehehe
Me and my daughter up watching jersey shore and music videos
I was just watching videos on youtube on who the boys are dating / have dated. and seriously the 'newest' pics are from xfactor while --
Awww, watching Heart d's videos. prettyyyyyy.
lol I've been watching videos 3 hours straight every night.
Watching 2011 Top 50 best videos by MTV... Then the United game.
Only thing that be on worth watching is videos and the news
Watching funny videos on youtube :L noting better to do :)
im kind of in love with Ross Lynch.. not that im sitting here watching videos of him at all...
What do you MEAN I just spent an hour watching Garfunkel and Oates videos on YouTube?
*watching videos i took from the panic concert* brendon: who's here with their best friend?????!!!!!!! me & ayu: AAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWW
Watching videos on Worldstarhiphop.... enough saidD2n1ui
Watching live videos of Panic! At The Disco is making me even more excited to go and see them, they sound so good, omg.
Spending my new years by myself, watching WMYB and Gotta Be You music videos on replay
I don't know why I'm so fascinated by watching videos of people being utter cocks on Minecraft.  Maybe it's because they're cocking Reddit.
I spent one hour watching jennamarbles' videos, I have to admit, she's so cute, but I still prefer Kingsley. He's unbeatable.
Watching Top 50 Countdown of music videos throughout 2011. It's like seeing the year pass by lol.
i was just watching some seriously disturbing videos on youtube. it's real in the field my g... SpirXMGu8T
watching old videos of evan dancing:P we all danced for 5 hours straight then played call of duty til3RE
I'm telling myself that watching vlogbrothers videos is revision... They are... sort of...
Up watching videos half awake lol
I've been up since 5am watching youtube videos. O_O
In efforts to distract my brain I found myself trying to research how to New Orleans Bounce ... Which led to watching twerk team videos...
It's mtv's fault that I'm not asleep. I've been watching jersey shore. Where are my music videos!?
Watching Nanny Grandma watch youtube videos is the funniest thing ever
what's on tv right now : jersey shore , music videos & paid programming . what i'm watching : sesame street .
In order to teach others, we must first learn; dedicate some time to watching youtube videos about African history before the slave trade.
Lmao , I'm watching these old videos , I can't believe we stright thought jersey dresses , long jean skirts etc. was cute !
I feel so out of place after watching those videos .T78
Memories of this year: watching 1D videos instead of doing my geo letter hehehehheehehe
so after watching all those videos I have figured I can't shuffle to save my life! Oooops! Will have to rely on alcohol now! NYE
I'm still watching no limit videos lol
watching Chris Brown videos is like watching PORN.....ohhh soo AMAZING !!
My mom and I are watching YouTube videos of New years eve on Times Square, and we both sitting with tears in our eyes (c)
Just sitting here, watching Warbler videos. At least I can rely on the boys to make me smile :)
Watching all of nigahhiga videos now haha
Just listening to your voices and watching your videos bring me into a better mood. Thank You One Direction. :")
Watching the Kiligs Videos on Julielmo Christmas Party!!!
Watching Disneyland videos it depressing takemebackZAwGPA
AustinMahone videos are awesome, I can't stop watching them, <3333333QT0m8
Been up since 1 o'clock this damn morning. On youtube n shit. Lmao. Watching Kevin & Mickel videos. Had me dying. Smh. Lol
Watching more videos of One Direction. My god. They cheer me up all the time :')
eating muffins and watching MJ videos on youtube :)
Why am I watching ballet videos on YouTube and I actually miss the ballet music lol
omg LOL thanks to that cat video i'm watching cat videos rn.
Was watching One Direction videos on YouTube. My battery's about to die now. C yew laitar.
Watching MJ videos on YouTube
Awake watching videos on the tube of you! Lol anyone wanna text & keep company feel free to do so!
watching music videos on tv, jessie j price tag is on at the moment
Spending my night watching 2011 music videos.
This is eewy. I am watching the videos of our rats. Gulaaaaay. :| they're so big. :(
since it's the last day of 2011 today,i'm watching videos from all concerts i went to :)
I don't feel like watching MBC tonight orz D: I only want the videos lol
Watching tobygames' minecraft videos while everyone else is getting crunk. WHO CARES THOUGH HE'S FUCKING GREAT.
Lmao watching old videos n Mystikal was gangsta as hell wit a Bob wit braids (weave) in his head...dyin laughin
watching videos of the boys at the moment.
Watching old Bo Limit videos got me lookin at the 90's like it was 40 years ago
Gonna celebrate new year by watching videos of people celebrating and ill cry. ForeverAlone
Who would be happy just staying in tonight and watching Michael videos all evening until the new year? meeeeeeee
Up at 5 am watching live Paramore concert videos. Dying to go to a Paramore concert.
Well. There's always next year. If I'm not watching Ellen videos. I'D RATHER BE WATCHING ELLEN ANYWAY. XD
Im addicted to SWS O_O and Its so fucking serious! Cant stop looking their photos, watching their videos, listening their song! FUCK YEAH!
Enjoying watching Damian McGinty videos, be it from Celtic Thunder or Glee.. Before I head out to celebrate NYE! Haha!
This is probably the first New Year's Eve that I can remember where I have started the day watching David Icke videos.
watching YouTube videos
everytime i go on youtube i always end up watching like a million one direction videos,gotta say the x-factor video diarys are hilarious
happy new year talaga ang night na to kc i'm watching WESTLIFE songs and videos this WHOLE DAY....:) westlife
Spending NYE watching music videos on TV. HARDCORE!!
In here watching master p old ass videos
Watching our old videos from the summer >>
I cant stop watching your videos on YouTube and I've been up all night and it's 3:10in the morning
Nothing better than laying in bed at 3 am watching insanely sad youtube videos bawling my eyes out. I don't know why I do this to myself! 
3am in the morning and I'm up watching One Direction videos! <3
I was on YouTube lastnight watching salavia trip videos ppl shot to pieces weed was enough for me
I was watching Slim Dunkin's videos damn I still can't believe he gone.
Been watching to their videos!!!!! Fawesome!!!
Cringe at how I'm watching 'what's in my bag' and 'room tours' videos on youtube..
watching the videos made yday with Chanice kya and chris omg im dyinggggg lolololol
ikr,i was watching videos 2 earlier
just been watching youtube videos and making gifs no one will ever see all night l0l
I feel like I have an ARIANA GRANDE attack  wait I do I spent 4 hours just on her looking up photos of her ad watching her videos she's cool
ive been watching cat videos for 2 hours
It sucks how some Beliebers meet Justin like 71628 times, and im just here watching Justin Bieber videos & praying for meet him one day.
For some reason I like watching labor videos it's just so interesting
watching youtube videos cause im that fucking bored.....
You know you have no social life when you're at home new years eve watching videos of fat kids falling over..
Watching the top 100 of 2011 .... There are some great songs on here but some weird videos!!
I need too stop watching cute couple videos on Youtube, ugh I’m so lonely. :D
my Xmas eve consists of me eating cookies and watching OMandM videos. nicect1B
>_< ST-RreSs! rejected clubbing, rejected drinking (worry for my liver), rejected going out, welcome watching videos at home. WHAT IS THIS!
My wife watching the ARIA 2011 best songs/videos every song first time she's ever heard em she was like "is this RNB?"
Two girls and we doing is watching music videos. These two know more on the music than me, scary stuff
At work don't have to clock out till 6 watching YouTube videos
I'm eating popcorn and Watching college humor videos at 4:45 in the morning....something is wrong!
On YouTube watching SilverSleet's walkthrough videos for Skyward Sword. I adore his accent. <3
Oh Gosh, I'm listening/watching music videos to mainstream/radio music haha :D
Depressed already, watching Armin's videos on youtube, OHHHH how I wish I could skip this NEW YEAR AND GO TO ARMIN :(
Sitting here in my room while everyone is asleep watching videos on tumblr and trying not to actually laugh out loud. My life.
Watching 'Soldier surprises wife/girlfriend/mother/kids' videos and crying quite a lot. What a blast i'm having.
Been watching Carrie videos on youtube. :)
Up watching you tube videos
Watching twerk videos on youtube cuz idk what else to do at this time lol
watching some videos of yours :>
I started watching gaming videos but now, I'm learning how to make Japanese cakes and pastries... Yeah, YouTube did it again.
He is watching videos right now. I WAS watching videos just minute ago. The difference.
After watching scary videos every little movenent or sound scares you!
Just been watching videos from ages ago on my phone. :')
☐ Single ☐ Taken ☑ Watching videos of Alex and Jack on YouTube and dying inside.
JCING watching music videos:-)
I remember last day of 2010 x i spent it watching One direction videos xx !! he he he :D
Umobile's free unlimited video streaming seems too goood to be true. O well. Watching youtube videos on my bb rite now :D
Oh god, when did 2am happen?? I've been watching KeenanBlogger videos all night. xmasbreakproblems6BSA
OMFGshanedawson Plus, he keeps me up all night! I can't stop watching his videos!f4Z
watching Youtube Videos N Playing Pokerist but theres no sound on the videos im listening to the ipo6hm
I've been watching to much Road Safety videos :o
ugh....Up watching YouTube videos.
Was watching Syd The Kyd videos
Boarding in shitty snow made me forget how powder feels like. Up until watching some videos of powder...must be nice.
Tell me why my brother and I are still up watching Wipeout & 101 Ways To Leave A Game Show videos?.....
I'm watching youtube videos right now and I find it sad how much my generation has butchered the English language.
Theres nothing better than being on YouTube right now &ndd watching random videos (;
I've been up watching Deadmau5 interviews and teamcoco's videos.
i think i just used up most of our internet watching onedirection youtube videos ? reminds me of why
I've been watching YouTube videos for 2 hours, I didn't even realize it.
Up watching videos
Too busy watching YouTube videos
Watching youtube videos
Watching videos of talking cats&dogs with my mum nice life isabelle
I was watching videos random niggaz making beats that sound exactly like anything lex luger be making
oh my god, my parents are watching all these raunchy videos on channel 9 .... the fuck so embarassing .
watching random videos ATM.
watching botfly removal videos. gross huh?
watching videos of European Princes and Princesses <3
LOL. Sorry for my obsession with the Philippines. I typed in 'Justin Bieber Philippines' on YouTube & now I'm watching the videos. ♥
Spending the rest of morning watching VersaEmerge videos. Babies. <3
On That Jeezy Flow!! Watching Videos And Shit. . Been Said He Da Realest Nigga Wit A Deal!
I can't stop watching country videos right now...and I don't like country music...I just feel like I need to tap into this market.
Just watching LeakyCon2011 videos
omg im laughing like mad now watching videos -_-
Watching 9ITA and the ND videos when Im sad actually make me cry. Not making me more sad, but I cry because they made me happy:,)
My nights will now be spent watching old livelavalive videos.
You know you have no life , when you sit up for two hours , watching fight videos on YouTube , smh .
☐ Single ☐ Taken ☑ Watching videos of Taylor Lautner on YouTube and wishing he was my boyfriend.
It's like 4am and I'm not even tired. I'm on YouTube watching a bunch of videos on how to do different hairstyles :) I'm so motivated now...
watching twerking videos on youtube...hahah what's wrong with me
Mum: "stop it you sad people" Dad: "what? I'm watching JLS videos, I'm a JLSter" hahahahhahaEBOTX
Watching some One Direction videos. Dayuuum. They're hot.
Lately I've been watching a lot of videos about the illuminati...
I love watching videos of one direction performing on the x factor! :')
just teared up watching those videos.
She been watching the videos
Starting off the morning by watching videos of David Tennant and Catherine Tate c:
Im up watching music videos
watching pop up videos. YOLO lolIgOg9
Just love watching Pitbull's videos......
Still staying up til 6am, getting in boat mode. Playing videos games and watching dexter marathons.
The year before that I was home alone watching music videos
Watching our videos from last night, safe to say ' what even im a '
torturing myself by watching cooking videos when i'm hungry.
What better way to spend my night than writing, playing Sims, and watching parachute videos?
I'm so inspired watching your photos and videos from your first age until now. I'm really, really enjoyed it.
11 am watching top 100 videos.
Why are me and my mama chilling watching nicki videos
Im supposed to wake up early today but instead im watching videos and crying like a freak at how beautiful my loves are. <3
HAHAHAHAH i am literally laughing out loud watching Munah Hirzi's videos.
Life couldn't get better, this gon be the best day ever  . .Watching the videos from Mac the other day
Watching ghost videos wit dem
Watching funny videos with the fam is the funniest shyt ever
Watching the videos on my YouTube channel. Some are those were good days lol I need to get sum more. Might have tonight on camera.
Yo, my feet cold. My boo cuddled up with another nigga. Antoine watching music videos like it ain't 4 something in the am. Smh. Lmfao jk jk
Been watching videos of Cats Musical all night. Such an amazing production.
At least I didn't stay up til 4 AM watching cat videos on YouTube because that would be really sad.
im watching videos of the LA riots
Apparently my way to ring in 2012 is watching all the Spotlight music videos I made a year ago... :/ (Okay, back to editing Dracula*)
Help I'm still up and watching how to cook videos.
Watching random videos
“@jacobavalos24: So just watching music videos on MTV !” . .Thyre the same every night!! :p
im just sitting up watching videos of Bennie Rodgers II....this dude is amazing on the drums
lol watching wrestling videos cause randy orton is sexy ..... ok
So just watching music videos on MTV !
Watching some ball is life videos before bed :)
watching the most trippy, amazing, insane videos of people doing crazy un imaginable things...epic tweet
Watching Kidrauhl's old videos and Justin's new videos makes me proud of how our idol is growing so much. ♥
Best dream ever. We were sitting together on the bus watching funny videos on your Ipod, and laughin
Up watching Chris Brown videos & ish...
Just spent half an hour watching YouTube videos on silent cuz I can't be arsed to find my headphones and I'm sharing a hotel room.
Watching random videos on youtube helps increase the speed of the clock
I got my little sister in here watching KPOP videos lol.
I keep watching Disney world videos on YouTube and I'm crying from excitement. I can't wait to go there this summer for the first time ever.
Eh I made a deal that I would sleep early but ended up doing hw and watching YouTube videos. Bf is going to kill me haahahah
4.) at my house watching the countdown of the best music videos of 2011
Up late hanging out with the pet rat, reading, and watching 'Zero Punctuation' videos.
Watching party videos & it get me tight when niggas too gangsta to dance ; why bother coming ?! Lmao
Wasn't watching videos of cute chihuahuas on YouTube for like 30 minutes 0_0
What channel are Beavis and Butthead watching music videos on?
Stopped recording after 5 mins and American horror story wasn't on to be recorded! So I'm spending the morning watching OKGO videos
Watching the videos on YouTube.
He got me watching these Katt Williams videos them hoes funnnnny .
I'm steady watching these videos on youtube lol
Watching old family videos :)
If you couldnt tell, im watching youtube videos at the moment.
Why am I up watching Parapppa the Rapper 2 videos online at 3 in the morning
im watching live taking bck sunday videos, taking notes on adam haha
watching south park & watching videos on my camera from tonight, yahhhhh. omg i lost so much followers!
watching the maine buzznet videos aw
I can't sleep so I been watching videos on worldstar smhTES
watching random videos on youtube . .
Watching 1D's X-Factor videos... *le sigh*
Fried watching Wu tang clan videos
When I'm watching jelena videos on  YouTube I never wanna read the comments coz I'm sure it's full of hate and
Casually watching naked videos while this granny is sitting next to me
fuck this sad song bullshit. i'm watching one direction videos. i need to smile.
Needa go to bed, but once I start watching dance videos I CAN'T STOP!qw6co
never not watching a cappella videos
Up all night watching martial arts videos on youtube lol. love this stuff
I Should Be Sleep , Not Up Watching Videos W/ My Little Sister -_-
I can't stand watching videos of people getting bullied, esp. when other kids are around laughing & just making it worse.
I've been watching YouTube videos for the last 3 hours. Where did the time go?
Still up.. watching videos on youtube.
watching the shittiest music videos ever on vh1.
Watching Rihanna Videos
in tears after watching his videos, wow
i'm up just watching all these videos lmao
why is my sister watching videos of one direction? ...................
We we're up watching music videos like its 4 in the afternoon and NOT 4 am
watching videos about people with schizophrenia.
omg how embarrassing, watching the old videos and covers I made. i can't even. HAHAH to think I did that.
I have been watching World Star videos All-Fucking-Day.
Im in my room just watching WSHH videos.
spent the whole morning watching hydroponic grow videos lmao
up watching these kevin hart videos they're so funny !
watching videos .
Can't stop laughing while watching the videos ! Twist got a lot of expressions !! Hahahahahah.
watching beyond scared straight videos doee .
On Youtube Watching Random Ass Videos.
I spent my time for watching some videos
mom: what are u doing on the computer this late me: watching videos of selena gomez shes a princess mom: go 2 bed why cant she understand???
the internet is so slow again.. o my.. i can't finish watching the videos with this rate.. :(
We Over Here Watching Silent Videos && Ish.! Lol
I've been watching Steve Jobs videos all evening. What a loss!
Lmatfo ! ! ! Watching Americas Funniest Home Videos !
just...watching minecraft videos...'cause i'm a nerd with no life
My mama up watching music videos -__- she might as well take over and let me a few hours of sleep
Ive been in bed for an hour unable to sleep. So I have been watching videos. But now I think it is time for me to shutdown. Goodnight!
Daisy and me are watching comedy videos lol this shit is too funny
Watching music videos this late/early is weird
Watching marriage proposal videos. Haha. Hope I get asked in a creative way!
up super late watching videos
watching baby birth videos on youtube .. (': looks so painful D: sucks for girls
Watching music videos with lex and patty haha
I hate watching long ass videos,get to the point!!!
I be horny as hell watching nicki minaj videos.
Woohoo! Report due time! and I'm still watching videos on bunnies~ HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE!
watching the music festival videos :)
Watching POP up videos
Kay I'm done watching cat videos for now (x
I feel like I get more done during the night than the day. And by "getting stuff done" I mean watching movies and YouTube videos.
Watching Katt Williams videos with Sydsterrr(:
Watching videos '
watching 1D video diaries and videos from their tour and just dying right now...#cometovancouvernow
It's almost 4 am and I'm still up watching videos on world star why can't I fall asleep??
I can hear my mom watching massage and aromatherapy videos on YouTube on her phone all the way from the other side of the house. -__-
Been up for a long ass time watching videos on WSHH lol
I'm just sitting here at 4am watching old Justin videos on kidrauhl.
Watching Videos With Miranda On Her Laptop.
I wonder if I will ever get around to watching these gayo videos.
Was watching some Skip Beat videos just now. Siwon and Donghae so funny! LOL!
been up all night watching some Kobe Bryant videos, he's an all time great!
watching fight videos >:D hahah
It sucks how some Beliebers meet Justin like 71628589 times, and im just here watching Justin Bieber videos & praying for meet him one day.
Yannno. I'm just being a loser watching music videos. Haha
*cough cuogh* excuse me i was gone for a hot second i was watching roc royal videos on youtube lol
Up watching videos.
Delano Keep Watching Videos He Making Me Mad!.
Watching Kingsley's old videos. LMFAO. "Move Grandma!" is so funny!
I'm tryna sleep and buckys over here watching videos on my computer.
Watching natural hair/hair care videos...like I always do at this hour. Keeps me motivated to not get a relaxer...
Up watching videos on YouTube
Dis maine hella rude ; she ah nigga watching tv but watching videos on youtube ; put yo earphnes in !
Watching Maxwell videos
Watching Kingsley's videos :3
Um... I was watching Tyler The Creator vids on youtube and I ended up watching kitten videos. whatthefuck?
Watching these ''Black Man Angry'' videos on youtube. They're hilarious..had me in tears lol. Literally :P
- watching beyonce videos .
watching funny videos
Why am I watching hula hoop videos on Youtube. -_- WHY.
up at 3:36AM just watching videos of Justin hahaha omg
No one understands how much I love watching choreography videos on youtube, or watching choreography in general.
HMV, Blacks & La Senza are going bust, I hear. Bad news for anyone who likes watching cheap videos in a tent whilst wearing silk lingerie.
lmao. surely watching youtube videos will cure my insomnia
. watching videos , facebook aiant hitting on shxt !
stop watching bet and these videos and copying these wack azz styles and trends. be you do you own thang... straight up
I was supposed to be asleep at 11:30, i've been watching youtube videos since.
watching makeup videos and taking a shit.
im like watching all this boys videos.
Watching all of Lady Gaga's music videos. :D I have nothing to doo. :))
If Jazz and I Skype tonight she'll be killing me for the videos I'm watching.
330am currently watching makeup videos on YouTube in bed
Watching SpokenReasons Videos with My Sister ^_^mfh
Watching videos of Polina Seminova. This is what I do when I'm semi drunk.
I'm watching videos of this guy who plays different games and screen records the game and his voice and omfg I AM DYING HE IS HILARIOUS
watching videos , im bored ashelll
“@wlewis20: Watching videos trying to learn how to tie a bow tie b4 tomorrow night!!! :-/”---hmph
They say the way you spend new years eve depicts your year. I will be in my bed watching 1D videos. 2012 will be awesome :) x
Today I'm just chilling, watching music videos all day & night...
While everyone's partying tonight, I'm home watching skate videos with Andy. Ahah x)
Soo bored that I'm watching stoichiometry videos..
watching funny youtube videos till I fall asleep.
Watching YouTube videos.. What am I doing up so late?!
Ive been watching videos on world star hip hop for 4 hours straight.. shits too entertaining.
watching all the sweet proposal videos makes me wonder, "when is my turn ?" *sigh :P
I'm so bored, i can't get scared watching ghost videos. Haha
watching jiggin videos like always .
WOO YEAH STAYIN UP ALL NIGHT AND WATCHING YOUTUBE VIDEOS AND CHATTING WITH PEOPLE ON FACEBOOK. PAAAARRRRRTTTAAAY
Watching my baby videos :)
Watching my brother's old wrestling videos. Lol
God dammit. I should really stop watching YouTube videos that make me cry.
I'm in the strip club watching the videos they dancing to. this wiz go hard.
..Watching destinys child& beyonce videos *looks around room* lool , god damn beyonce is sexy, how did jay acquire her.. He's truly blessed
Watching Justin's music videos.~
Watching Chris Brown music videos at this bar
omj i cant stop crying! this feeling of watching videos of the jonas, that retweet and 2012 is comming with new songs omj! JONATIC!
I'm watching these "soldiers surprising their loved ones" videos they are so amazing!! Ohmygod I'm like tearing up so much.
done watching niley videos!!:))
Watching Sad fucking My Story videos..#SadAF
Awake watching music videos /:
sometimes I'll open a whole bunch of tabs to youtube videos then close them all without watching.  just to fuck with the internet economy.
I hate watching Ben Breedlove's videos. They break my heart. </3
Watching ' how to tie a tie' videos with drew. This shit is so funnyy!
Watching TimothyDeLaGhetto2's videos then going to bed.
i been watching these twerk team videos for the past 30 min
Drinking chocolate milk and watching videos on WSHH o_O to bored....
Sitting on my floor watching videos on my phone while eating a huge bag of chips .... Yup ThugLife right here-___-
Up with mah Sis watching these dumb but funny videos.! Week! Lmao
Been watching a lot of Ron Paul videos. Ron Paul 2012.
Watching confide videos makes me cry around this time, please do a reunion show in south florida
This is the latest my 1 year old has ever been up watching music videos and shit smh daddys girl
okay i should stop watching shinee videos and go to sleep
Alright. I wanted to go to bed two hours ago, but I started watching Super Sentai videos on YouTube. Night folks!
watching videos
Watching funny baby videos before I knock out haha
Watching Funniest Home Videos and just watched the video where the girl got Justin Bieber Tickets and was crying and screaming ......
Watching old videos
Rest in Peace Ben Breedlove. Its scary to think that just a few months ago I started watching your videos and now you're gone..<3
Now I am watching videos of some guy playing an ocarina!
Is anyone watching Funniest Home Videos? lol :)
Watching Jenna Marbles videos with megabutt all night because its addicting as hell.
nina's watching rlly annoying videos which have been autotuned. so yea, you could imagine hw annoying it sounds
Happily watching videos of the Running Man cast receiving awards during last night's SBS Entertainment awards. So proud of them! :)
So I Was Watching The Videos My Sister Recorded At The FAME Tour . . . Me Screaming The Lyrics In The Background <<<<< Ctfu
Ok I need to stop watching these videos and go to bed lol.
Watching all the la sarah videos....I'm that bored
my mom feel asleep watching the videos. it really shows how she feels about Justin-_-
Literally the LEAST exciting videos in the history of videography... She's LITERALLY watching paint dry
After watching Ben Breedlove's video, I don't think I've ever cried so hard over youtube.
Watching FRIENDS bloopers on YouTube :D
hahahaha! i was watching a youtube vid and its calledc epic fail and in 1 part, some guy was asking y the enternet wasnt working.
The weirdest New Year Eve ever ._.  Waiting for the new year by watching Youtube and having fun in twitter ._.
So I stayed up til like 5 watching the coolmine graduations on youtube
What better way to spend Hogmanay than watching old Drew McIntyre stuff on youtube?
Watching some Demi interviews on Youtube :D
I'm closing out 2011 by buying shoes and watching YouTube clips of Supermarket Sweep in the UK.  Well.  Here's to a more exciting 2012.
Watching youtube on tv. Cooooool
Walao everything crashing. okay I shall stop watching. ltr I go YouTube watch again ._.
Watching YouTube fly fishing in the Keys, wondering what is more intense to land, spinner shark or tarpon?
Watching 'Throat singing' on YouTube! So weird...
It seems that watching geek desk/room setup on Youtube has been my hobby lately. Can't wait to have my own geek room one day!
Making it till 12:30am before your NYE party dissolves into a YouTube watching party = Sucess! Happy New YouTube everyone!
watching movie in youtube to avoid from being bored tonight :|
S/O to the lame dudes that sit at homw watching girls dance on youtube..
Instead of coursework i'm watching Covent Garden street performance acts on YouTube...At least i have a back up plan once I fail my degree.
done watching all the performance in youtube..satisfied but not for ukiss :( damn u MBC!
A normal afternoon: me sitting on twitter and watching random shit on youtube.
Sooo I tried to curl my hair last night from watching a youtube video I thought I was gone remember... EPIC FAILURE!!!!
Watching South African Nando's ads on Youtube. Hope your Hogmanay is going as well.
Okay so it's my first time watching youtube from the laptop after youtube has been upgrade. One word, UGLY. Oh wait there's more, MESSY.
stop watching becos need to head out again.. shall go youtube instead
I waste my day watching covers on YouTube, idk it interests me
so bored that i am watching hair tutorials on youtube
so i'm watching an ash and jinxx interview on youtube and there's a rip in ash's jeans and like he'd look really sexy in stockings >.> xD
watching Infinite's performance on Youtube!
After reading Kerrang! or watching MCR live shows on YouTube, I feel like shit because I realize I'm living in Indonesia (N-A-R-N-I-A)
Okay la. I will watch on YouTube after someone post. Not watching stream le. Too lag... Buhbye~
I'mm so gonna regret not watching.. Lucky there's youtube. LUCKY
watching sistar perf on youtube.
Been up since 7 AM watching Fresh Prince of Bel-Air re-runs on youtube. My Life.
Watching kes Mona Fendy on youtube now.
I know I'm gonna rewatch these on youtube but I still wanna persevere watching LOLOL
I'm watching the performances at Youtube.
Watching Kingsley videos on youtube. He is amazing.
I'm not watching any Japanese TV programs now, but I'm listening to music on YouTube, especially rock music in the US, UK, Canada.
Never log in twitter + totally forgot wtfuck. Was watching KBS's on youtube
watching performance on youtube. it someone manage to upload now.
waste of my time watching. keep lagging. i watching on youtube now. kpop stream uploaded very fast !
Ooh! Kasabian's Re-wired concert is going to be streamed on Youtube at 11:30pm! The concert also features Chase and Status. Watching that.
Eunhae always look so attractive and cute when they perform oppa oppa>< I'm now watching on youtube, lol.
watching B1A4'S video on youtube :)
Just spent the past hour watching youtube vids by my favourite youtubeerrrr, Downtownpatrol, I love this girl :)
I gave up watching alr. Lol just go YouTube la
Watching the Siri love song by iJustine on YouTube. :D
streaming so lag -,- better watching later if ady upload to youtube
give up with live streaming. watching super hd video of oppa oppa on youtube
On youtube watching "my boyfriend does my make-up" I'm in stitches its such a sweet gesture though
watching ESPN E60 on youtube :D
I am not streaming gayo daejun, just reading updates on twitter and watching when its uploaded on YouTube lol
watching on the spot via youtube~ CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEW YEAR !!
okayyy watching youtube better , idc if it's late
just staying home watching youtube!!!=_="
Yung that video can i get your number on youtube is too funny...and bon qui qui..i swear i be watching them all the time and i stay laughin
I'm going to amuse myself by watching a Karl Pilkington playlist on YouTube.
Watching Detective Conan at youtube. All the episode! Got 600+ episodes to catch up!
Mlm new year: watching "maru the cat" on youtube utk kali yg ke berapa pn tak tau. Takde kaitan dgn new year pn pdhal.
Watching funny Pranks sa youtube :))) dapat  matuto ng new pranks this 2012 :))) hahaha!
on youtube 24/7. watching one direction - one thing- behind the scenes waiting for the music video to come out.
Not watching MBC, it's frucking annoying, tsk. GIMME YOUTUBE LINKS ONLY
Spend my whole night playing piano, watching video on youtube, eating banana fan (re:pisang kipas) watching ovj with family
not watching MBC Gayo Daejun tonight..just gonna watch WG and MissA performances via Youtube maybe around tomorrow
Now I'm actually sat watching Popeye on youtube & having a good old ponder...all that fighting was actually roid rage wasn't it?
watching kittens getting boiled on youtube
watching jessica soho's europe special on youtube. hello, good vibes. :)) lol. vibes!
yes, I'm watching a video of Miz on March 4th on youtube, yes the video is snowing... YES I'm entert
I GIVE UP WATCHING IDGAF . i will watch on youtube. sheesh
HAHAHAHHA! Watching Rajalawak on YouTube with mummy! Love her ;'D
Watching youtube at work
Watching Kim Burrell on youtube, singing Stevie Wonder-knocks me off my feet....she's the ONLY singer that gives me goosebumps non stop
Watching vid's For the late sheikh zayed on youtube .. Such a legend allah yr7ma r7ma was3a w ysknh alfrdoos al23la . . I miss him ♥
I be on YouTube watching michael Jordan highlights and be spotting all the retros he wore back in the day
Watching YouTube pranks because I'm bored. LOOOL can't stop laughin at this shit
not watching mbc................youtube i trust you
just arrived! i didnt catch snsd's perf.. ugh.. that was suppose to be my first time watching them on nhk and on TV. sad! oh well.. youtube!
A guy came in today and brought in this salmon massacre after he tried to fillet one by watching a YouTube video. Too funny.
Yeah you know what kind of day it is when I'm watching Sherlock Holmes vids on YouTube
staying  home, watching youtube. best thing to do to celebrate new year
You lot can get lost with your new years celebrations. I've decided I'm watching Starship on youtube and eating chocolate.
Watching your friends get drunk and stupid sure is a lot more fun since YouTube came along.
" "Hi,I'm Miley Cyrus from Hannah Montana, and you're watching Disney Channel." RT if you miss this. "there is something calles youtube? DUH
Having a YouTube watching fest :) there really is such amazing talent out there!!!
AKAYDOLL <3 she's my tv hehe . I literally say stuff like "call you back watching my series episodes" but there her youtube vids :)
Most pathetic things for me: watching concert via Youtube&doing nothing while new year's eve. Lameeeee~
Aigooo. MBC'S GAYO DAEJUN is today ain't it? Probably not watching it. Le sigh. There's always Youtube.
spent my whole morning watching beyoncé on youtube.. definitely the most amazing, beautiful woman on this planet
watching rebecca black interviews on youtube...dont judge me
This hoe watching girl fights on Youtube.
bro trying out the youtube app in hypptv~ watching spoon wars OTL
Watching really old Lizzie McGuire episodes on youtube. (: Then probably some that's so raven. Those shows were like my life lol.
Barbie princess charm school was just released ytd in sg and it had over 8mill. views in YouTube!I am done watching the whole movie. Lol
Watching first series of haven on youtube whilst eating christmas chocolates, life doesn't get much better :)
Nope not watching MBC. It's gonna lag anyway! Just gonna wait for youtube xD
Watching Assassin's Creed Lineage on youtube and wanting to shoot myself just reading the comments.
Well let's see, last night I managed to find full episodes of "Freddy's Nightmares" on YouTube. Those were definitely worth watching
Spending my New Year's Eve with watching some 2012 movies trailers from YouTube! "The Hunger Games" and "Battleship" looks promising! :)
GO OPEN THE YOUTUBE AND THEN SEARCH 'STADI SMPN 73' NOW! IF YOU FIND IT CLICK AND HAPPY WATCHING IT :D
i can tell i will definitely spend today watching 1920's hair and makeup tutorials on youtube
I'm having a good time watching Block B on YouTube. things are slowly making me crazy.. haha.
my father blocked youtube in our PC so I won't sit all day watching snsd and other k-pop stuffs....i'm pissed as hell! D:
I love watching random reviews on youtube, makes time fly by :) .It's gonna be wild tonight!!!!
i have resorted to watching higgytown heros on youtube to cheer myself up
who is seeing Kasabian tonight? Watching it on youtube XD
Watching Ready at youtube .
Watching tutorials on youtube on how to curl hair with ghd's lol
Now watching Youtube vids ahhh!
why am i spending the last hours of 2011 watching family feud/who wants to be a millionaire funny moments on youtube
Just up watching stuff on youtube...
watching KBS gayo daejun on youtube. so many kpop idols go perform ^-^
u're such a cutie! watching u on youtube. .Unfriend you!
Is watching last nights full show of wwe smackdown on YouTube while having my breakfast (coco puffs) what a gd start to the morning
Mackole87 lol man I am not tired at all I'm up watching YouTube vids and listening to music I'm shocLGY
Watching Oprah on youtube. I got no hobbies I admit.
Watching YouTube on mobile networks isn't the best! Buffering on HSDPA!!!
IISuperwomanII you are great I love watching on youtube. speaking the truth and keeping it real. andB2l
Now watching maharaja lawak mega final thru youtube, haha jozan so funny !
I swear i'm starting to get into ballet. Been watching that shit on youtube all day. It's kinda gay but fuck it, ballet is beautiful.
Lmao watching prank calls on youtube x3 My life is so exiting.
Spending new year's eve watching How it's Made on Youtube.
Lmfao I'm really here watching the mindless behavior concert on YouTube ! <3
boring imjust watching vidos on youtube and play some minecaft :((
Watching ombak rindu on YouTube connecting to tv ! And then, takda speaker. Apala !
Spending the last few hours of 2011 watching YouTube
someone tell me why i'm up at 5am in the morning watching movie bloopers on youtube.
You know what's fascinating? Watching/listening to music mash-ups on youtube.
While waiting some beloved friends to meet up for a new year countdown, have fun watching youtube like last new year :)
On YouTube watching these street fights lmao
Watching all one direction's video at youtube.
Watching alectric shuffle in youtube
Why am I up watching YouTube videos about talking animals at 5 n the morning ?
If the YouTube video you sent me is over a minute long, you better tell me when the funny part happens or I'm not watching it ;-)
now watching : SS3 on youtube (~^.^)~
bored watching Jenna Marbles on youtube...she rock!!
Is spending the morning watching makeup tutorials on youtube trying to pick one for tonight
apparently , my hubby is watching Chris Brown dougie on youtube ! -__-
watching something new sa youtube .:P .i'm bored this last evening of the year 2011 .-_- .i hope you guys aren't .=_=
She still up on youtube watching fights
Watching youtube with Baby G..laughing at my youtube presenting together with the orang utan
My sister has been spending her new years eve watching Ryan Gosling on YouTube.
Hehe and then they came round and the boys were watching Happy Tree Friends on YouTube... eurgh
Watching season highlights on youtube. xD
Watching songs from the pop song tamasha times on YouTube. When you got nothing to do but kill time pretending to work, that's what you do.
i love watching all these fanvideos on youtube.
Watching random shit on YouTube.!
Im watching Killer Whale shows from Sea World on youtube ........
LC is just one funny person on Youtube who's worth watching. You'd really enjoy! Haha.
been watching tuns of ONE DIRECTION on YouTube haha lovin it like a 1D marathon :D
Just cheered myself up watching Fenton the dog on youtube. So funny.
LOOOOOOL its so funny ! =D RT@3zooooz_92 :Loooool watching Leo and Satan on youtube, sooo funny !! :D
Hate watching scary shit on youtube x)
I guess I'll be watching MBC gayo daejun on youtube. sad life huh?
Smh , Anyway watching my cousins on youtube , Their crazy :)
Oh look it's YouTube on TV! - kid watching You've Been Framed
Just continued the long upheld NYE tradition of watching Dinner For One on YouTube after Radio4 claim nobody in Britain has ever heard of it
Loooool watching Leo and Satan on youtube, sooo funny !! :D
watching fireworks on youtube
Gah I'm legit crying. I don't even know why. I love Larry Stylinson. I just. I can't even. *Watching Larry Stylinson vids on youtube*
Watching stupid Britains Got Talent vids on YouTube. Yeap, this is how I'm spending my last few hours of 2011. Like a boss.
Watching short films on YouTube. What a roller-coaster of feelings..
Hehehehe...watching funny vids on youtube...only me at 4 freakin am..lol
I go on YouTube & a video starts up. My sister was the last person playing with my Itouch so what was she watching? Damon and Elena. I --
SupremeGREAM Then, you should spend some time watching that shit on YouTube...it's better than sex, pGj
watching Outnumbered episodes on youtube, heheee.
Got second TV yesterday. Got up to find Elizabeth had Bakugan on YouTube on my laptop, Disney XD on one TV and watching Megamind on other.
Watching Upin & Ipin on youtube for the first time hikhok :3
Watching Carmelo Anthony Mixtapes on YouTube !
Just now , watching MLM youtube haha xD
Watching crazy stuff on youtube
On YouTube watching people gettin fuck up
Now  watching Immortal Song 2, then Ojakgyo Brothers,  then KBS Drama Award and YouTube clip of AS  on MBC Gayo Daejun, then Countdown :)
watching youtube video's from The Fame Ball Tour!
Am I The Only One Who Likes Watching Fights On Youtube?
Alright.. got to that point where I was watching a guy eat a 20 piece Chicken McNugget meal in 2 minutes on Youtube. Goodnight.
Up past 3:30 watching Paul Potts youtube vids on repeat LIVIN THE LIFE!!!
Im done watching "BRING IT ON" about cheerleading its so great! in youtube i watched 1 hour haha but its great and funny <3!
Is watching snow falling on Youtube media player.
Watching YouTube shit
Watching very educational chim videos on YouTube. I'm bored.
Screw this approval BS!!!! It's my money and I need it now! Flash Rob..... seriously. I should stop watching YouTube and go to bed.
how did I go from watching a supra drifting to a beater 4 door civic blowing up on the 1/4 mile? damn youtube
Watching rap battles on youtube is always a good choice  at this hour
now on youtube watching Boboi and Osbon's performance last night. Pecah perut tengok dorang
in the weird part of youtube... watching a katy perry music video in barbie form. lmao. k. goodnight peopleeeee.
I spend my free time watching the greats tear up the track on YouTube
Did i legit just stay up till 4AM watching girl fights on youtube?
So we watching YouTube and shit i
Watching Nisemonogatari Presentation on Youtube, the one that I missed a several month ago (˘̩̩̩_˘̩̩̩) aaaah Karen&Tsukihi!
OHMYGOD. Someone videotaped all of Chipwrecked and put it on YouTube. Guess what I'm gonna be watching for the next hour and 20 mins?
"Like, I was watching wish ko lang on youtube na last night just to see that things aint that bad for me anyway" LOLOLOLOLOL
its fucking 4 am and can't sleep watching my bro on youtube
Watching Zooey and Joseph from 500 Days of Summer, singing! (youtube- What Are you doing New Years Eve) haha. Cute talaga nila!
4AM and I'm wide awake. Laying in bed watching YouTube fashion/beauty gurus. That 4 hour nap this evening didn't help my sleeping pattern..
Sometimes i love staying up watching Justine bieber video's on YouTube & txting my BestFriend <3
Watching a youtube video of wiz khalifa rolling a blunt >
Watching that little nigga aquille on youtube
I like watching people do covers of my favorite songs on YouTube. :)))
Lol. Ive been perming my hair watching youtube tutorials. Realising how much time a girl takes to look great. But some just wont appreciate.
now watching MLM on youtube. yelah org tk de astroo :)
fuckk I was watching some trippy stuff on YouTube
watching youtube videos wondering how or why some of these people make videos ... o...m...g !!!
On youtube watching cute couples. I need to sleep!
watching movies on youtube at 2:45am cant sleep
Oh yeah , on youtube watching videos with the lyrics . Im singing along :D
My little sister thinks whore means beautiful. So my mom is watching jlo dance on youtube & out of nowhere joci goes "wow she's a whore"
im watching the craziest animal videos on youtube lmao look up Battle At Kreuger
Watching fights on Youtube with Amiah.
Watching the Oliver Tweeeiissst dance vids on youtube!
That was random. Not really cause i was watching his hits on youtube.
Watching top cornerback highlights on YouTube!
Spending Friday night the best way imaginable - drinking and watching Stevie G clips on youtube.
Watching Youtube for the first time in forever... Man, I have missed it :D
watching vids on youtube.
watching the boys auditions for the X factor on youtube.. for the 139284th time.
Watching MLM FINAL with all family members :) via youtube
watching Home Documentary on YouTube :)
Watching people sing on youtube
watching tv and on youtube at the same damn time (future voice) LMFAO
it's crazy how an ad can make you COMPLETELY change your mind about watching a video on youtube.
yes................... . .pagod na ako............... . .let's have some video watching on youtube.............. .strong heart jessica cut.
watching videos on youtube about LDS missionaries.. i have to know what David would be doing in 2 years! ha.
Prank loverrrrsss. HAHAHA. Watching youtube prank videos. Funny shizzz. Lol.
Watching Carl Sagan and Stephen Hawking on youtube .
Watching How To Play Luper on the Piano On Youtube
I can't sleep!): it's 2am and I'm still watching YouTube videos
Chilling with Amy, watching YouTube... Not sleeping again...
Watching this bootleg movie on youtube
It never fails. I start many YouTube sessions with watching Hip Hop choreo, then it changes to cheer routines, to cheer accidents. :S
watching old clips of "Night Court" on Youtube
As soon as 2012 arrives, people will start to comment in youtube on an old video 'I'm still watching this video on 2012' man! that's stupid!
My sister has been watching make-up youtube tutorials & is gettin off on a HOT new years look ! She's doing my make-up tm night ^.^
Watching mixtapes on YouTube
Watching proposals on youtube ..      :$ :p
Watching fights on youtube.. I'm that bored.
Watching Jeff Dunham on YouTube
I guess I'm Spending my last Friday night this year watching random YouTube videos and eating peanut butter 
it's so funny watching 'pick-up lines' on youtube! haha
Watching pvamu youtube videos > being afraid ill see my brother in one of them!
Watching: MissPeaches, "Fry that chicken" on youtube. CTFU man'
Damn! So I was watching a video on Youtube of the now & then of the kids from The Little Rascals & damn one of them looks fine nowwww!
Yesterday I was watching youtube videos of Demi Lovato & what happened to her in her past. It REALLY got me thinking. Demi, you're amazing!
you watching hair treatments video on youTube at 2:45 in da morning like seriously get a life !
Lmfaooo watching funny ass pranks on youtube. Clearly livin on the edge here in kenosha!
Enjoying my first cocktail back in the cities by watching old episodes of Remote Control on youtube.
lol... Ok “@WhoIsLalaMk: I've been watching marriage proposals on youtube for the past hour...”
I'm watching Tara EunJung SoYeon Dance @ 100 Out Of 100 :) i'm at youtube
Okay I'm watching youtube videos now bbl. :-)
Iv been watching the most random youtube vids all night..
Watching a cat fart on YouTube > Reading the Constitution
Who was up that night we was watching ppl fight on YouTube lmfaooooo
im sitting here watching this movie...but im thinkin bout wrestling...i wonder if Sting ever faced off with Undertake.... Youtube
Watching Brownie Points on Youtube. Haay kahit dito sa pc choppy ung loading >.<
up till 2 am watching one direction clips on youtube
KC won't stop watching kiss can YouTube videos. Something is wrong with him.
Going back to watching youtube videos
Watching HEARTDEFENSOR youtube videos :)LLD
On YouTube watching Mr Rogers intro ... That guy and his sweaters
