I'm hungry but I don't know what to eat ..
What happen to twitter web walao keep over capacity zzzz eat shitttttt
What to eat......
30 minute break and I have a huge decision to make. To eat or to sleep? What a conundrum...
People worry about what they eat between Christmas & New Year, but SHOULD worry about what they eat New Year to Christmas. (just sayin)
Hmmmm What To Eat ?
Yes now.  What we going to do can we eat a pea
Hmm what to eat for breakfast?
I'm so hungry but my body won't let me eat what I'm used to
I'm hungry but don't know what I want to eat
So I am off to the Cayman Islands in 2 weeks. Super stoked. Any advice on where to go eat and what to do that is a must?
I had a dream that I was gonna eat bacon Nd guess what smell I woke up to lol
So wary of what I eat today as its likely going to be coming back up tonight
What they got to eat in this kitchen?
still cant decidenon what to eat for dinner
Not sure on what to eat for dinner, maybe a blackburn humble pie, hahaha
& She Used To Make Me Eat Black Eye Peas...YUCK!!! Like What Does Peas Have To Do With The New Year lol
So what am i g0nna eat? And i need a buddy to txt or talk to right n0w
H U N G R Y! ! ! --___-- what to eat??
What to eat ahhhhhhh!!
I Don't Know What To Eat ; But I Know I'm Hungry !
Hmm what to eat today..
Only Malaysians talk about what to eat for the next meal during mealtimes.
What a good day to eat pancakes, strawberries, eggs & potatoes :)
Ever been hungry and don't know what to eat
I'm trying to eat something really good for breakfast right now! But what?..
This gone send me this ( let eat yo [()] ) though to myself what a nasty ass bastard cuz I told him HELL NAW U DISGUSTED BASTARD
What am I going to eat for breakfast ? Hmmmm
What's there to eat..
omg idk what to have to eat
Now what to eat....
Currently debating what to eat for breakfast ..sigh
Everybody sayin they want somethin to eat. I know what I want ;). I wanna eat some pussy
I hate when vegetarians tell u how to eat or what's in food
Dont know what to eat first. Carbonara? Buttered Shrimp? Cake? California Maki? Leche flan?
Im hungry but I dont know what to eat.
What do I want to eat for breakfast
Still uncertain of what i'm doing tonight, for now im going to eat, drink and watch new year's eve cause ye know, it's new years eve
What's everyone up to later? Am off to a quiet house party with 2 other pregnant ladies so we can eat weird stuff and wee a lot
reading "eat pray love" and this has got me wanting to learn italian, what a beautiful language.
Sooo hungry don't know what to eat though!
Been debating on what to eat for like an hour
Its New Years Eve....what to do today???? Shops till i drop eat till im full & drink till i pass out...sounds like a plan to me.
I'm hungry but don't kno what to eat -_-
Hmmmmmm. What to eat first? :| =)))
what to eat?
But idk what or if there is anything to eat here :'(
Maybe it should be to get healthier. Watch what I eat and portions. Its still hard though. Pastas and bread are my weakness. Help Lord
Hungry what to eat
What time in the morning Is it acceptable to eat pizza from the night b4?!?
What to eat
Oy, Spam Eggs. I eat zombies for breakfast. Now just think of what I'm going to do to YOU and your i
I had 2 dreams about eating veggies. I don't know what it really means, but I think I am going to eat some broccoli today.
mom is evil. she showed me a box of ferrero rocher. when i wanted to eat it she said "No, this is for my friend". THEN SHOW ME FOR WHAT.
Mum went shopping & got loads of food but we are not allowed to eat it... What!?
I'm such an unfit parent If I ever have to feed kids,I just shove shit in a blender give them a straw & tell them that's what astronauts eat
What to eat for breakfast??
so hungry but i don't no what to eat.. = bad mood
Hmm what to eat for lunch..cause I'm hungry..fuck breakfast
so hungry but what to eat blahhhh
The thing is, how do I eat all this chocolate before I diet and not add a bunch of weight to what I'm trying to lose?
Roy Exum: The 250000 Pound Resolution: The pastor explained that King Daniel actually wrote that and what Daniel then did was to eat ...
I am hungry!!! Idk what to eat tho
Idk what if the first person to eat a poisonous berry was just allergic, and we're all missing out on amazing berries
Trying to think of what to eat for breakfast
facing the usual dilemma of what to eat on my break
Haven't a clue what to have as a NY resolution to break within the first month I may go for eat healthier than I already Do but that's silly
Hmm, what to do...listen to my stomach & get up & eat something or listen to my mind & go back to sleep?
My stomach says eat but my mind says stay in bed. What to do. What to do.
Finish making new year dinner, I'm done.. Time to eat, wonder what my neighbors cooked...
Not quite 2012 over here in the UK, happy new year to those where it already is!! What's everyone NY's resolutions?! Mine - eat more nandos.
Hungry,but Idk what to eat
"server was AMAZING! ... helpful with choosing what to eat. ...unlike any other place in Starkville." comment on Tyler. Ask 4 him next time!
I'm starving. What to eat.
Hungry! But what to eat hmmm
Awake about to figure out what I want to eat!!!!
Hungry af but idk what I want to eat
Im so hungry but I have noo idea what I want to eat :(
what to eat
What am I to eat
Bout What I Want To Eat
I don't know what I want to eat for lunch.
Happy New Year Guys :* . .What's Your New Years resolution? .mine, is to eat right, study hard,and Love more, Hurt less
What to eat , what not to eat...thats the question
Now at McDonalds. I'm so damn hungry. It's time for dinner babeyh ! So, what to eat ? BigMac ? Prosperity ? Think ! Haha ! Lol
Maybe its because im hungry as fuck...... Ugh what to eat?????
If c), does anyone have a six-year-old I can borrow?  What do they eat? Do you talk to them?
Hmmm what to eat :T
It's like my parents are deliberately ruining my life by not having any ice cream around here. What am I to eat these BCRs with?
About to see what we got to eat
What to eat for breakfast?
IDontKno What tO Eat For Breakfast?? Somebody Give Me a G00dMorningg Mention -_- :) !!
Plan of action for today= lie in bed, eat and get fat, listen to Lana Del Rey and Rihanna. What a life I have
Don't know what to eat this morning
I dunno what to eat!!!!
What to do at New Year's Eve: Stay home and draw, maybe eat some rice, or maybe go to PTC if there's a friend want me to go...
Soooo who's bring me something to eat, and what am I gonna wear tonight (n)
What is the point in going out to eat and only ordering an English muffin?
hmm what to eat what to eat what to eat
My day will consist of going out to eat all day with the people I love the most what a great day it will be
Got it cloudy in the Century nigga squinting tryna see, ion know what time it is but I know it's time to eat!
What to eat this morning? I'm down for anything...
What to Eat for my last ever meal of 2011
And now... what to eat. I'm going to poach a salmon for a small party. Poaching it in oil, cardamom, garlic, lemons, cloves, salt & pepper.
I've been really confused on choosing what to eat.
What to eat for lunch. La dee darrrrrr...
"@micaasalud: Jump ,watch then eat. What a great way to end 2011 and start 2012 by eating. going to mass tomorrow."
I'm going to eat some food now porridge in fact < this is what twitter was designed for right ???
Jump ,watch then eat. What a great way to end 2011 and start 2012 by eating. going to mass tomorrow.
Right, food what folk will want to eat at my avoiding the outside new year do... And go!
How is NiallOfficial going to eat! He will be deprived from what he loves! 1DFamily
*Wake up* wonder what's for breakfast... *goes downstairs*... Nothing on the table to eat :/
What to eat today???
i dont know what to eat and i'm starving! :(
Also the bank machine decided to eat my card...oh what a good day I'm having :)
Right now you know what I hear?? It's the sounds of invading card fans looking for shelter...LOOK OUT!!! HERE COMES CATZILLA to eat sum bird
I don't like it when my stomach grumbles. It means I have to get out of bed and make something to eat. What.
Epictetus~ Preach not to others what they should eat but eat as becomes you and be silent.
Everything I do is Bieber. I go to the cinema; what movie would justin like, what food do justin eat? Nacho's. Oh i'll take that to!
hmm what to do in the day time i think eat and sleep lol
Feeling hungry, what to have to eat! not eating until 8pm tonight!
so hungry :'( what to eat what to eat
Need to eat dinner but what if Lucifer comes on?! AAAHHH
So my New Years resolution was to eat healthier and tweet Less. Its 1 hour in and guess i what Im doing?
hmmm havn't had anything to eat yet. what do i choose? Chocolate,Fudge, Candy or Waffles and Pancakes ?
alannahapple You're thinking about it wrong. Being alone gives u freedom to eat what u want, play whPvTMPA
What can I say? . .My family likes to eat!
Ok so I'm hungry...but idk what I am want to eat
I'm hungry but what to eat
Hmmm what to eat what to eat
“The biggest seller is cookbooks and the second is diet books – how not to eat what you’ve just learned how to cook.” ~Andy Rooney
i dnt even kno what i want to eat tho
I've filled up on yummy Chinese food so I won't have to eat much tonight. Good thing too, my Mum's still in a mood, who knows what's next.
What do you all have planned to eat tonight?
time eat this pie and go to town to find what teh stroy tonight is :)
Planning of what to eat later. I need and have to cuz I wont be able to decide later. Hahaha.
Hmm feel like something tasty to eat but don't know what
They say you are what you eat. So I'm going to start eating skinny people.
My NYR: to continue doing what I'm doing--motherhood, getting my music out/in order, maintain stability, exercise, eat well...but better!!!
I haven't been able to eat anything for 2 days..just don't feel hungry..what the hell is up with me... :/
just got up and was so xited to eat my poptart...and guess what? NO POPTART!!! :(
Ok I'm up bout to eat bathe and idk what
I wonder what my aunt has to eat in there?
What to eat this morning!
Any time a bird craps on my car, I going to eat an entire plate of scrambled eggs on my porch, just to show the birds what I'm capable of.
When i get home, I'm going to finish my english homework no matter what. Main focus is shower, pack, eat and leave. All before 10 -_-'
What to eat.. what to eat?
Why is it that whenever I try to eat I start feeling sick? Did my body decide to go on a diet or what?
I got in at 4am my mom woke me up to MAKE me eat! What the hell!?
When I leave what do I want to eat?? McDonald's or a WaWa sub??
How 'bout my adult kids want to eat dinner for breakfast.  I say fix your own food and you will get what you want every time.
What's everyone having for medya noche? I need to eat vicariously thru you. Twitpic!
Up still at grandma Josey house deciding what to eat
Starving but don't know what to eat
KrisHarding83 Ha ha, must remember not to eat turkey you have cooked who knows what you have stuffedrae
My mom asked me what to eat tonight. Whether Mc Donald or Pizza. Umph.. which one?
Now what am im going to eat *looks around*
I Eat Ice To Calm The Fuck Down!!! Imagine What I Need To Relax!
What am I going to eat ..
Up early . On my way to eat breakfast at the Diner w/ the fam , then off to the mall to buy my NYE outfit . So what if I'm late ☺
Going out to eat and I don't have to pay!!! Hell yea. That's what I call a date lol.
YAY! MBC ! U TOO .>EAT FOOD !! what's the heck is your problem ?! UKISS EVEN HAD TO APOLOGIZE TO US KISSMES!! GO DIE!! >.<~!!!!!
Now I need to figure out what I'm going to eat
Omfg and this grown ass man is here smackin like wtf u don't know how to eat...what were u raised by wolves???
Off to buy NYE gift of bag of jelly sweets. What? Oh come on ; who WOULDN'T like them! We promise not to eat any ourselves though ;-)
Idek what I want to eat
I managed to put *some* of the crisps away but I'm still hungry and I have no clue what to have to eat.
Don't know what struck me when I have this weird urge to eat ice cream and wafer cones. HUNGARYYYYYY.
Ok getting hungry -_- what to eat hmmm ...
What be making dudes eat every girl they have sex with out? Ya'll aint scared to get that shit in ya'll mouth?
I Never know what to eat in the morning,
I want ice cream. Shall see what's there to eat.
what's with all the depressing tweets, Habiba? and what's the deal with you talking to yourself? gr-eat.
I don't know what to eat
-what she mean we're skipping lunch today??? I got to eat.
im hungry but i dont know what i want to eat
What reataurant to go and eat? :O
iv ate 3 chicken dippers and im physically too full to eat anymore WHAT I MADE 6 :(
I forgot what there is to eat downstairs
I'm so hungry, but I don't know what to eat
Good morning everyone! What's everyone's plans for tonight? I'm going to eat with the family, and then put the finishing touches on my apps!
Ever notice how successful folks never worry about what others are doing?Its hard to eat when u're looking at someone else's plate"
What to eat what to eat?
What to eat... >
Ok at nine I'm getting a shower nine thirty getting an idea of what I want to where.. Nine fifty getting something to eat.. Ten call my job
Man I'm tired, idk what to eat for this practice?? Imma grab an orange
My brother say down to 'ponder' on what he wanted to eat..
1DAusCrew i know!! what will we dooo???? NiallOfficial you have to eat! :)
what's your new years' resolution, Brooksters?! . .mine is to; .Work hard, .Play hard, .And eat chicken nuggets (;
i dunno what to do tonight, im most lost so i eat my coco pops in lostness
Too tired to eat. Omg what is going on.
She ask me what u doing ma! Im bout to eat my canny not candy
Eat and drink is what I'm going to do once I get home
When I was about to eat What Makes You Beautiful started playing in the radio.. I was smiling like an idiot the whole time :) lol
What am I going to eat for breakfast
Keeping a journal of what you eat will allow you to easily pick out the foods that need to be scratched from your diet
Hungry and I don't know what to eat :>
What else is there to do but eat cheese & biscuits, drink wine and watch daytime telly....nothing that's what!
What to eat for lunch that won't make me completely bloated? :|
What to eat wen I get home • thinks of what's in refrigerator •
Idk what to eat
Idk what time it is but i kno its time to eat
I need to go on a diet- feel sick for thinking about what I eat:s
I need something to eat, but I don't know what to go for...
Settled with crackers and philadelphia then my dad pops out of no where telling me not to eat the crackers. WHAT
That awkward moment you realize all you wanted was to FRY all this food... Not eat it %-) hahaha What now genius?
So many salvation and baptism praises on Twitter. We must show them how to eat and what to eat, how to walk and where to walk. Discipleship.
What should I get to eat???
What to eat, what to eat
It's 5:37am and I'm on my way to San Francisco! What should I check out/do/eat?
What to eat for breakfast
What am i suppose to eat spinach for money. Black eyed peas for luck ?? What is it ?
I'm always eating! And when I'm not eating I'm thinking what to eat next!
We crave what we eat, we consume what we think about, and what we think about can consume us if we're not careful.......#Made to Crave
Things I should do: go to gym, go round garages, decide what i'm doing tonight, get ready. Things I want to do: eat fudge, sleep.
OMG ! What time is it ? It's almost Noche Buena.. Char! Dugay pa.. I'm ready to eat na!!!!! HAHA ! XkHtL8
Inspiration for what to eat anyone?
What am I going to do in 2012.... Trying to eat less chocolate. I Will probably fail ;p
im HUNGRY mann . idk what to eat tho !
First. You are what you eat. If you eat trash, begin to accept that you are trash. Twitpicn unhealthy food is unacceptable
Hmm, what to eat...
Debts officially settled, I can now eat what I want. Credits to cash gifts.
Colombian New Year tradition is start to eat 10 grapes at 23:59:50 as a countdown to midnight....what can I say, we healthy!
I hate Twitter . What a big passion and nobody likes to follow back everybody eat my big balls specially Anthony chicken he never follow me
Need to eat ... But what?
We are what we eat so why not make some tweaks to your diet now...progress not perfection is they ke
Why is it when i want to eat my parents choose what i eat and then that makes me not want to eat again? >_<
Deciding what to eat every morning is so hard for me :(
What to eat ? I have no appetite now :(
wanting food, what to eat
That wud be nyc RT"@NonhleThema: In 2012 im gonna do a work out vídeo for all my fanz..ill show you all how i stay in shape and what to eat"
What I would give to be able to eat and not feel disgusted at myself again.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what .you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. .		-- Mark Twain
mass done, now starting to eat what should've been for media noche. haha. :)
I'm such a fail. Trying to eat my malteasers and I keep dropping them. Think there's more under my bed than what there is my mouth!
Mum and sis just spoiled the whole plan! Esp mum! Now what? Dinner dont need to eat lo.. I'm fucking hungry la! Fuck!
South of da hamptons... What's good to eat round ere
Just tried to eat sum pancakes but I don't have any syrup.... WHAT the heck!
About to go fix me myself and I something to eat or I should go out ...what ya think??
lord of the flies eat yer heart out. it's a microcosm of what life is like before the social conditioning required to hide true evil.
The clock ticks in to another year where some will ponder what Smart Phone to buy, while others wonder if there will be any food to eat.
Please, What nutritional value does paper have? I need to know. The rats in my house eat a lot of paper and they won't stop eating it!
Teacher: Imagine you’re in a world with dinosaurs and a dinosaur was going to eat you. What would you do? .  .Boy: Easy, stop imagining.
Deciding what to eat can be a hard task sometimes. Hahahaha
It's New Year's Eve! In the South, it's tradition to eat Hoppin' Johns and collard greens after midnight. What is the tradition for y'all?
I'm glad I am married so I don't have to be embarrassed to eat what I want while out to eat...dating
what do I have planned for 2012? Find a soulmate to eat a buffet with every night, watch her read jane austen and dance to frankie avalon.
“BENBENJERRY: drugsforsoul is so lame, called me just to ask me what should she eat. but yar, keaiii
Come back home: what I expected to hear: "oh, how was it? Did you have fun? Where did you eat? How was the roller coasters? Did you go?"
Heb hongerr but what to eat?
What sounds go to eat right now ???
If she say she like to eat, then he gon buy a restaurant..“@deejaymilliano Ya queen supposed to get what she desire and what she wants....”
Need to eat......what shall I have??
What to eat????
Too lazy to eat, work, move, go outside.. too lazy to party. haaaaay.. Wondering what's going on..
What i'm going to do on New Year's Eve? Just chill out eat loads of food.
Fed my dog a grape, eventhough she doesn't know what it is or of she's aloud to eat it, she's guarding it with her life lmao
i am hungry again not had any thing to eat since last night what should i have
shit I'm thinking of what to eat for supper later alr! haha will bedok 85 still be open?
My tricks : do what ever u want to please me, im still dont wanna eat and talk to u mum.
"You can't keep safe what wants to break..." <3 Jimmy Eat World
So I need to go to tesco to by my alcohol what to choose!? Plus I could really eat roast chicken yum
What do I even want to eat..
These gimmicks to lose weight kill me. Want to lose weight? Hit the gym and watch what you eat, simp
Hate walking up at dinner time, what're you supposed to eat, breakfast or dinner?
I don't know what to eat for breakfast =.=
What To Eat!:o
Idk what I wanna eat when I go to break but it damn won't be McDonalds
Being the clean person I am when my mum asks me what I want to eat by saying "chips and Harrys gravy"
HERE IS WHAT I'M GOING TO DO, I AM GOING TO EAT MY POTATO PIE AT 11:59PM TILL 12:01AM SO I EAT IT AT 2011 AND FINISH IT AT 2012, K.
Whenever i eat porridge, i instantly regret it. Happy new yr everyone! What you all up to tonight? i'm being quite civil. Dinner & drinks! X
Starvin marvin but what to eat..
I can't eat , even I want to .I can't sleep, what's wrong with me?! .I can't think, …..[maybe you're in love] .Yes, maybe I'm in love…!
what to eat ???? ahay ! i can't choose >.< -- ANG TABA KO NA !! whaha
What to eat for dinner ? I'm hungry
I just want to eat a lot of rubbish food an no what if I get fat so be it! Bring o the food!
Totally unsure of what to do tonight! Ugh!! But blaaah.. I just wanna eat the turkey. That's all.
I'm hungryyyyyy... I don't know what I want to eat though.
Dunno what to eat .-. Zh2t mn l akl
not even fussed what I have for breakfast just want something to eat PAUL GET YOUR ARSE IN THE KITCHEN
Hmmm what Im bout to eat???
Idk What I'm About To Cook, But I Need To Eat!!! BEFORE I Die..
haha! i just don't know what else to do now, but eat
Dk what to eat leh.
So hungry ..what to eat ya?????
When your so hungry you don't know what to eat
In Norwich, what's good to eat/see?
So hungry, dno what to eat! Suggestions?
Love how now i can be hungry, i don't what to eat
Whatsapp eat battery like dunno what. Time to get portable charger !
Lord what am I going to eat today..
Hmm. What to do for new year. Eat and drink. Then drink lots more. And some .More. And more and more and more!!
i don't eat-- mom complains. i eat a lot-- mom says a lot. k what am i supposed to do
I already know what I'm going to eat.. Chicken Rice..yummy..:)
So many food on our table. What to eat first? Happy new year guys! Hope everyone's enjoying! ☺
Idk what to eat.
Last dinner in 2011, what to eat? Lol
No one's home and nothing in home ready to eat and I'm hungry..What I'm supposed to do ?? =S
i don't even know what to eat though, urgh I've managed to get out of bed at least imma go shower. deuces.
Can't decide what to eat
ok what to eat today....
An hour til I leave work and I've been thinking about what I'm going to eat when I get home since 10pm
Sis doesn't want to order a pizza with me .. Now what am I meant to do.. I really really want a domino's but can only eat 2or 3 slices ffs
Marvinnnnn! Hmm what to eat..
dont know what to eat . and lazy to go down in the end i drink ceral =-=
A lesbian went to weight watchers and the organiser said "remember you are what u eat" the lesbian replied, you calling me a pussy?
too lazy to eat nooo what's happening to me:(
What to eat in this 1100-menus-foodcourt? /sigh
Goodbye 2011 and still some children die due to hunger, and some eat more than what they should do!
You know what's hard? Spending New Year with a "severe" sore throat.(just 'cause it seems severe to me) :'(( Can't speak can't eat that much
hmm what to eat?
Reveillon alone? What to do?? Eat popcorn, drink soft drink and enjoy Show da Virada! (arghh)
I'm hungry but I really don't know what to eat
Took a while to start the housework but upstairs is done now what to eat??
What to do today Hmmmm. Looking to eat some nice food tonight get the new year off to a flyer
Im hungry! .. what to eat?
Hungry but dunno what to eat :/
But idk what I want to eat
Already forced me to wear clothes she liked, now want to decide on what I eat.
At 2 ima make it do what it do/eat a litle pussy for some kicks from city blue/3 imma go to ec to find a ske/to suck my dick till its a wewe
Last dinner of 2011!!! What to eat? Pizza hut? Quick give me a suggestion! Anyone?
I don't know what to eat. So sick of eating here xP
Hungry but don't know what I fancy to eat, waaaaah
What to do: ☑eat ❏ sleep //Hungryy
Everyone's like 'Congratulations Marvin' and I'm deciding what else to eat :)
Horrified! No YoSushi in Cheltenham. What am I going to eat for lunch?
They should have gave me medicine to numb my teeth. What I'm finna eat?
What to eat? Pasta or fruit salad? ☺
What i like about BERBATOV is that he likes to eat small teams. Hat trick against blackburn shd mean a good game
what to eat sef
Mat 6:25,32  "For this reason I say to you, do not be worried about your life, as to what you will eat
What to eat? What to eat? I'm hungry!
What to eat, what to eat..
why on the earth my mum has to change what we are having for lunch i  do not know, as now i wont eat it
What to eat for lunch decisions decisions...
We are indeed much more than what we eat, but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are.
I want to eat again but dont know what to eat . Brb .
Mmmm what to eat for breakfast..
"A bird tried to eat my iphone" "What's a bird going to do with an iphone?" "Tweet People."
nothing to eat from the menu, i'm sure they did not forget what i can't eat cos of skin asthma, i posted it on the ref :( boiling eggs!
I dont know what to eat. Or should i skip dinner? Big no!
The awkward moment when your TL is dead, you don't know what to tweet and decide to eat something.
I'm hungry, but I have no appetite. How am I suppose to eat, what am I suppose to eat?
Hmm what to eat now?^^
Hmm, what to do today... .Sit around, in my pyjamas & fluffy slippers, watch TV, drink tea, eat chocolate... Sounds like a good plan to me! ☺
Why am I up right now and feel the need to eat Cheerios? Well..guess that's what I'll do.
I have no idea what I'm going to eat .
Today went to Fu Summon eat steam crabs soup really good taste.  Brought 4D as not good luck in fortune may what lose what, can u give?
Ok I'm starving...but what to eat? Ugh
Need some breakfast but not sure what to eat , any ideas?
“@Sbanisadr: Right what to eat today that wont look to bad on the floor later on” LOOL like it
I know it sounds a bit mad.. but started setting reminders on my phone re what to eat and when to eat it, and it's actually helping my diet!
OMG! It's Last Day of 2011 !!! Time to reflect n learn, make new changes etc. Oh F*** it just do what I normally do on sat, eat n sleep...
When you don't know what to eat order sushi ...
Someone just walked up to Kylie at cracker barrel and asked if she was gonna eat her bacon she said no so he took it??? What the heckk
Anything that hooot and spicyyy... Or slaaab meaaat... Hahaha! "@Jay_Luk: What's good to eat ?"
What to eat? What to eat ? Hmmmm I don't feel like cooking!
Thinking of what to eat before the BBQ cos i'm too hungry to wait alrdy :(
What am I going to eat
"@NonhleThema: In 2012 im gonna do a work out vídeo for all my fanz...ill show you all how i stay in shape and what to eat"
What should I do with Chickens that have stopped laying? Too tough to eat!
I don't know what to have to eat, but I'm sooooo hungry
Fucking got the munchiez now :0 What to eat ...
What's good to eat ?
I'm going out for dinner but I don't know what I want to eat because I can be so greedy sometimes when it comes to food. :|
Its like I know I'm going to get a cake, but I decide to start planning what I'm going to eat it with, how it looks etc.
Love this lazy afternoon in goa!!now this is what I call a holiday,why the rush to always reach some party or shack to eat*yawn*yawn
"what you got to eat lookin azz" lmfao im dead
Idk what to eat for dinner.... +_+
I don't know what to do first. Shall I eat? Booze? Sing? Tweet? Text? Waaaaa! I'm so hyper now!
What am I going to eat for breakfast??
Hmmm what to eat
It helps to tell yourself: 'it is more important what I eat between New Year and Christmas, than between Christmas and New Year'
I hate the feeling of being hungry but you don't know what to eat..
hmmm~ I wonder what's food in the kitchen???... I can't wait to eat!!!
What would I want to have cake and not be able to eat it. Of course I wanna have my cake and eat it too. DUH
hungry aish what to eat
as i normally inhale as much food as my stomach can fit in i'm wondering now what amount of food one NEEDS to eat.
Ild need dis!!! "@NonhleThema: In 2012 im gonna do a work out vídeo for all my fanz...ill show you all how i stay in shape and what to eat"
What to eat tonight?! Makikikain nlng! Hehe.
Off to dinner... all I do is eat eat eat no matter what
what to eat this morning.. so many decisions.
The awkward moment when you eat what you haven't bought in a shop and haven't noticed untill you get to the till.
What Do I Want To Eat?
My only New Year's Resolution is to eat out more at many of Leeds' fine independent establishments.  Fat 2012, what ho.
My new years resolution is to try one new thing to eat every day. Suggestions for what to start with?
har? then how? now still haven plan what to eat?? :O
They're cooking what I wanted to eat for a long time (ToT)/~~~what's happening am I dying?
now to do what i do best, eat eat n eat!
Confused because I ordered a chicken sandwich and when I went to eat it it looked like meat like beef I have know idea what this cood b
What do my English chums eat to celebrate the New Year?! In Scotland we have steak pie :) thankin u ..... .@scottishstevie
hm. what to do?? haha. well let's eat!! LOL.
Right what to eat today that wont look to bad on the floor later on
What to eat?erm,the food here all look so delicious..
I dont know what I want to eat & who he talking about ? '*
“@KevosTattoos What's there to eat this late?”cereal lol
Don't know what I fancy to eat. Hmm, where's the chocolate Kimberley when I  crave them? :(
My little sister is going to get a life next year. What is life? Can I eat it?
don't know what to eat!
LAST DAY OF 2011,WHAT TO DO? WALK TO THE ANTARCTIC?  ADOPT  A KOALA BEAR? or i could probably just sit on my ass and eat food like most days
What's there to eat this late?
Just took the hottest bath, now what to eat..?
In 2012 im gonna do a work out vídeo for all my fanz...ill show you all how i stay in shape and what to eat
Shit family wants to eat subway. What can I eat there. Veggie delight? For real?
That awkward moment when you have no idea of what to eat for your last lunch of 2011.
Used to be able to eat loads, and now I'm stuffed after a fry up. What is happening to me
Apparently certain worms will eat themselves when there's no food available. Well what's that going to achieve for them?!
What someone buys to eat and drink says everything about them! Buying a sausage sandwich is a different person than a sausage baguette!!
How often do you take time out to take in your life? A walk in the park? Some gentle exercise? Looking at what you eat? Set some goals!
“@URFAV_WHiTEGiRL: I need some food.... What is there to eat @ this time!!! :(”dickkkkkkkk  lmao
What to do tonight? What to eat?
What to eat?*confused*
Go out to eat n u no what? My number is 111. Nothing special but it remind me of Ming. Haha
I'm hungry what to eat what to eat
They say you are what you eat. So I'm going to start eating skinny people
Wonder what imma have up my sleeve kum New Years . hmph . i wanna shoot fireworks maybe we will go out to eat or sum !
*Wondering what I'm going to eat right now*
Lol.. Sorry"@gorgeouslyfab: U are making me more hungry. "@VicSterzz: I cud help u choose what to eat? "@gorgeouslyfab: Are u helping?"
just thinking what to eat later. Kakatamad naman kasi to cook if ur alone.
Females always want you to eat them out.....for what so you can tell you friends?
I knew how to eat a girl out before I even knew what a pussy looked like... Ha I'm serious
U are making me more hungry. "@VicSterzz: I cud help u choose what to eat? "@gorgeouslyfab: Are u helping?
With all the prices going up and up,what about the old on fixed incomes,guess we will have to learn to eat dog food?
Last day in London. Big decisions to make - where to go, what to eat? Cannot waste time or stomach space.
"You are what you eat" ....I need to eat a skinny person
I cud help u choose what to eat? "@gorgeouslyfab: Are u helping? "@VicSterzz: Ok--"@gorgeouslyfab: So, I'm hungry..."""
i ' m hungry , buut don ' t know what to eat :/
.@She_StarStruck • only erv, lol. what y'all got over there to eat ?
you are what you eat i guess im a asshole take all my bitches out to white castle!
In the fridge at 5 in the morning what do I want to eat hmmm
Hungry but don't know what to eat for dinner. :P
I'm hungry, but idk what I want to eat :/
Hungry.........meh what to have to eat
what my dad knows sleep , eat , watch tv . GO TO WORK !
Christian Dior denim flow I told I'm tryna eat out... So what we goin to dinna for?
I just want to eat what I like.
Decide what to wear..sleep...wake up...make up...Party...eat..drink..sleep..wakeup...fly...faint...MI5..but for d fainting bit.
"@KatWilIiams: A lesbian went to weight watchers ... "remember you are what u eat" the lesbian replied, you calling me a pussy?"CTFU YES!!!!
Know what I hardly ever eat now is Yoghurt, I used to eat about 4 a day.
What the hell happened to my mom? Anyone knows what did she eat at rowomangun? -_-
My dreams last night were set in the 1930's, Scotland, Paris and my bed...what the hell did I eat before I went to sleep?!
A lesbian .went to weight watchers and .the organiser said ."remember you are what u .eat" the lesbian replied, you .calling me a pussy?
"A lesbian went to weight watchers and the organiser said "remember you are what u eat" the lesbian replied, you calling me a pussy?" :D
i'm starving but i don't know what to eat!
Directionator: I'll give Liam some ice cream! Directioner: Well, what's he going to eat it with? Directionator: A spoon?
Dear Mom, can we have our dinner na? Coz' I'm dying to eat what we have in the kitchen. Sincerely, Yang -- always hungry. AHAHA
What to eat??.
thinking what to eat for dinner. kfc? OR idk...
What to eat. What to eat.
Drunk and oh so starving but what to eat what to eat..... ginormous decisions!
Ordered Something to eat, Tooo lazy to get up and heat what i have in the fridge
no...i plan to eat  it..do you go around fucking cakes or sum?...what a creep O_o
cannot decide what to do tonight… .and by that i mean what to eat and what movie to watch.
Yes I'm a Little Monster, what's your problem? Want me to eat you up? :D
i cannot eat with the lights off i have to see my food even though i know what im eating
Haha shout out to the person who threw up all over my bathroom. What the fuck did you eat man?! Ewie but niceee.
all i have to eat.... or drink are soup, ice cream, and water! whaaa! what a great way to start a new year!:((
Suddenly got really hungry. What to eat...
What The Fuck I'm Suppose To Eat My Onion Rings With Bitch??  KETCHUP!?!?!
Open the door the MF says "DP what's good, what you got to eat ::Haitian Voice::"
Always starving the minute I wake up.. Hm what to eat?
Appetite buzzing... What to eat mane?
When I eat bread, I always remove the chocolate color on the edge, lol I don't know what to say the thing.
Yo, I'm hungry!! What's there to eat up in this bitch, hoe?!
I'm not sure what I had to eat when I got home last night but there's a lot of crumbs in my bed and an empty plate next to it!
Hmmm... What to eat for breakfast?
New Year's Eve in Paris = Champs Elysees with a bottle of champagne, right? What else? Where to eat? What to do? And tomorrow?
What to eat, what to eat, what the fuck to eat in this bitch?!
Kay dontknow what to eat keep walking here walking thereeeeeeee ~
“@x3_keeahra: What to eat ?” go out and get something
What to eat ?
i want to buy something good to eat today, but dunno what =\
what am i going to eat ?
What do I eat for dinner now.. Parents forgot to buy my pizza.. :(
Yessss to all tha independent studs that take care of themselves and watch who and what they eat
Last day of 2011 and what am I doing? Working and then going home to eat rubbish :)
soooooo hungrrrrry.....what to eat in this office...?
“@Moseph_Jurphy: I don't know what to do with my life right now. So much happened tonight. I'm just in shock”  eat my cock
Im hungry but dont know what to eat lol
Me: This is the 'what makes you unique quiz'  Me: After school your likely to, Chill w/friends or do work S: Neither I go home and umm,eat.
lots of food, dunno what to eat next, im full!
What time does rally's close? Cause I'm trying to eat!
The house is empty now. I'm just in my bed all alone. What am I goin to eat laters when the clock strikes 12?
Thinking Of What To Eat, Hmmmm
Party Party Party tonight. Just make sure you have a lot of fun but be responsible. Its easy to eat too much and drink what evers around!
2012's fast approaching but all I could think of is how much I miss my Dad.. and what to eat first! hoho :D adv happy new year, everyone! :)
am so so hungry still thinkin of what to eat*****thinkin*****
Just finished watching Eat, Pray, Love. What a lovely movie. Good thing I got to watch it before the year ends. Hello, 2012. :)
What Causes People To Sweat When They Eat Spicy Foods – Cure Underarm Sweat – Blushing Cure
lord knows what I'm going to eat tomorrow.
Hmmmm what to eat this morning..
blah off to my moms because my daughter wakes up at 6 am every morning to eat no matter what time she fell asleep -___-
Let's see what's available to eat...
Hungry. What to eat?
hmmmmm what is there to eat???
I hate when I'm hungry but I don't know what I want to eat...like now!
What food I want to eat for new year eve? ​┐(￣∇￣)┌
What you in the mood to eat
My Mom says "You've to tell him to eat again & again", Dad says "What can I do, if he don't he will die"
What to eat?
Woke up this morning to find i have finally lost the half a stone i'd planned!!!!!! First time ive ever had to watch what i eat.
This girl...I'm so speechless to face her. She wants to do what I do, go to where I go, eat what I eat, etc.
Hungry though, wonder what we got to eat.
I need some food.... What is there to eat @ this time!!! :(
Jeez, im 38% pa lang of calories RDI today! What to eat, what to eat?
Dunnoe what to eat ~
Person: "Okay Jamal, fine. What kind of College Girl do you want to eat?" Me: *looks over shoulder* "The thick kind...that gets really wet"
I'm hungry !!!! Omg and I don't know what to eat .....
Idk what to go eat tho
Hmm... I feel the need to eat pudding. What do I eat? Do I eat ice cream, cheesecake, gateaux, or something else? Gyuu~ I can't decide! >_<
So idk what to eat.. pot roast beef, strawberry cheesecake, noodles, smoked salmon cheese cream dip with tortilla chips, hummus dip ,
Now to go and look for what to eat :D
Off to stay at mums tonight so planning what to eat, have loads of lovely food from yesterday to choose from so plenty to choose form yippy
What to eat time dins nanti?sure everywhere akan penuh kan...
Okay now I know what to have for dinner. Bawal Power hoyeah 50% off everything. EAT ALL THE THINGS.
Hmmmmmm .......... What shall I have to eat 
What to eat this morning?
Late night hunger. Hmmm what to eat, what eat....
what are u suppose to eat/drink with a sore throat and a burnt tongue?
my house stay  full of food and i dont know what to eat
2012, the world is ending, so I've decided to eat pizza for brekkie, lunch and dinner today :) What about you guys?
LONG I LOVE FOR U TO WHISPER IN MY EAR HOW I MAKE U FEEL OOOOO GIRL U JUST DONT KNOW WHAT I DO TO U I EAT UNTIL U CRY BABY
Hmmmm,what to eat,what to eat
mmm what to eat...what to eat...
I've put bananas in the batter mix today in a bid to get the kids to eat some fruit. It's got me thinking about what else I could put in...
Being hungry but not knowing what you want to eat
forcing me to eat and what did you made me feel?
On the Disney Channel show , Shake It Up they say,"I'd eat you up,if I ate." What has the world come to?'
I wanna eat something this morin and i dont know what to eat **thinkin of what to eat**
Thinking about what I'm about to eat when I get in the house ...hmmmm
So the last day of 2011 is here. What shall I do? Skydive? Bungee jump? Run a marathon? Eat a dozen eggs? Oh that's right, I have to work :(
Love when my family plans what to eat for reunion dinner. CNY HURRY UP AND COME
Hungry...what to eat..parents arrived bck here at 3pm..but went out to go to kl central..for wat i dunno n dun care..
You are what you eat. Now, let's eat! Feels like i'm starving to the death!
So I always end up with a huge stomach ache everytime I eat. And that's what's going to happen tonight. I'm gonna eat  and eat and eat...
"That awkward moment when you eat everything on your plate" that's what your supposed to do stupid cunt!
What to eat for breakfast....hmmmmm????
What is there to eat at Sunway Giza tonight?
In 2012 I want to get back to the gym! Eat healthy etc... Broken record I know but that's what I'm aiming for :)
K really I'm hungry..  What's there to really eat right now?????
What if we all was bugs? . . & Had to eachother to survive? . . . Ill prolly hide somewhere & Just eat human food. Fuck eating eachother.
Imma go see what's there to eat :P
And she say bring me eat Korean food OMG!!!xD what a nice way to start a new year hahahha Korean food is da best!
What to eat? I'm super hungry. Mums not around :(
See man I'm just about to eat what I got here
24/7 thinking of what to eat.
On The Help when the black women tricked the white lady to eat a shit pie lmao too funny...she was like this good what's in it
What to eat , what to eat ...chicken rice shop ? That jingle is in my head
In st kilda at a very nice restaurant and I have absolutely no idea what I just ordered to eat...this will be interesting
what to eat, what to eat, what to eat.........
I wonder what imma eat to end 2011.....I'm thinking of a steak
"@LouDropDaTrack: When You Living Wrong It's Hard To Sleep Right, But It Is What It Is You Gotta Eat Right . . ."
Mmmm...what to eat what to eat??
I wanted to go in the kitchen and eat, but I forgot what I wanted to eat.
Just gt homee...what to eat? ??
what would be good to eat right now?
Gonna go out to eat sup tulang with baba but we dunno what time to go out hmmmm
I hate how I can't decide what to eat
am starving AND exhausted - what do I do - eat and then wait to sleep or sleep and wait to eat??
Idc what I do tmrw.. I just want to eat pizza. :) please and thank you!
I hate thinking about what I want to eat and not get it..
what's on my mind: food. what i want to do: eat and eat and eat. what i should be doing: exercising. ;A;
I'm going to practice what I preach. Going to reduce the crap and eat more fruit. Probably mixed with vanilla yogurt and option powder! Yum!
Imagine how much our healthh spending would drop if people were educated on how and what to eat to stay 100% healthy!
I woke up so thirsty that I had to drink a whole bottle of water to quench my thirst.. what did I eat last night?
im hungry now what to eat
So hungry but I'm not allowed to eat anything . What the hell ?!?!?!?
I forever have the urge to eat at least something. What is wrong with me?
What do English/Welsh/Irish people have to eat on New Years Day? Is it steak pie or is that just a Scottish thing?
When You Living Wrong It's Hard To Sleep Right, But It Is What It Is You Gotta Eat Right . . .
Was pondering on what to eat later for dinner.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Amanda & Kaylon need to get they ahh on somewhere Lol I mean what yall eat tonight !?
what an ass, i want to eat something
what is there to eat...? im starving
ive not had any sleep what so ever, im so bored & depressed all the time, i actually hate life. all i want to do is eat! ffs kill me someone
I cant sleep so Im up thinking about what Im going to eat tomorrow! Smh
What can I possibly eat for breakfast? I need to eat something different
need me a midnight snack thoo, what to eat? what to eat?
At papparich , trying to figure out what to eat . 20 minit nak figure out xD
Andaming pagkain! Dont know what to eat first.
“@MaleaDee: OR WHAT?! RT“@I_amJoseBitch: Ppl need to layoff my boi Brian !”” he'll eat your butt out…0_0 …wait….what?
Dear future girlfriend, hope you like Whataburger taquitos because that's what I like to eat on my way home from long nights
Off to bath~ltr go buy plaza rakyat bus ticket~dono so late still gt sell anot~than go shine hse eat steamboat!!!WHAT A GOOD DAY!<3
Lying in bed. 3:10 am can't sleep and idk what to do. I'm not allowed to eat past midnight. This is boring.
I eat lunch at my favorite place, assalamu alaikum to the brudda that's calling my phone asking what's on the agenda for today
People say to stay healthy, you gotta watch what you eat so one time, I stared at this bag of doritos for like, 15 minutes.
me: mother, i would like to eat something different please! .mother: u should be grateful for what u have. .me: aishhh,,
I'm starving and i dont know what to eat
Leah not serious , I'm over here asking her bout what she want to eat she over there sitting on her
What to do with mustard and ketchup but no hot dog???? Eat my own arm????? Maybe i will.......
Tummy growling and I don't know what to eat?
I don't even know what to say today ok. I should get out of bed before someone makes me eat breakfast.
What to eat ._. ?
I'm hungry as hell what to eat???
just got in... now im hungry hhmmmmm what am I going to eat ?!
What to eat an Banquet?
At the Burger Bar and can't decide what to eat. You figure out the punchline in that lol.
Now I everyones talking about chips/fries that's what I really want to eat omg its 9am no
Nobody Home But Since 6... What Do I Do? Eat. Sleep. And Talk To Asians. :D
Okay people, tak yah nak resolution, will only last for a week to a month then u all gonna eat back what u said.
if I wasn't up right now, I wouldn't be thinking about what to eat. smh..
What fast food place is open and is good to eat !
What you ain't tryin to eat nigga
What to eat???
Zerrick what you bout to eat?
What to eat?!
Right now i can't even talk or eat properly, what a way to start a new year?
I'm up and ready for my road trip. Hmm what steaks shall I have later at the all you can eat Brazilian steak house? Only 15 cuts to choose!
Actually up early enough to wait for the others to eat breakies. WHAT?! I know.
Hmm , what to eat * what to eattt  ....
My homie said he want to eat some pussy tonight I said call your BM he said for what I gotta see this bitch for 18 years of my life
I want something to eat but I really don't know what..
My cousin said when he grows up he's gonna not eat for 10 days and than to old country buffet, what's wrong wit this little nigga logic lmao
Thinking of what to eat :))
A: I ate DO NOT EAT packet in my peperoni,am I goin to die? B:everyone's goin to die,eventually A:EVERYONE? God! What have I done!!
Home alone with 3umar. Mn kithir am we're hungry, we're thinking of what to eat for lunch mn al7eeen :p
What's the best thing to eat before a heavy gym session
What Can I Get To Eat
Had I not smoked weed I would have a perfect girl , lots more money , better grades , and I would eat less ... What's the plus to it ?
what am I going to eat ?
fuuuck it's 3 in the morning what can I make to eat..
what to eat tonight.
What to eat for breakfast.....
What is there to eat here? Um everything
"you know what kind of fruit hes gonna have to eat? Fucking apples. But the difference between apple and grapes is, grapes make better wine"
What's there to eat at 2:40 in the morning lol
I'm about to eat some food i dont care what time it is.... Ha
i am hungry what to eat
27 hours without eat.... I'm so  starving, but still have no idea what to eat. ~~
"What do you want to eat?", "I don't care", "What about this...", "No, I don't want that.", "What do you want to eat then?", "I don't know."
There's is more than enough people sitting in the dark with no food to eat, but we have to pray for Katy?! Lmfao. What gives her the right?
Dont know what to eat, sigh.
Okay so what to eat so I can take these meds? He foolish if he thought I wasn't going to eat though
Just don't know what to eat
Lot's of food I don't what to pick and eat first.
Dang I'm hungry......what's to eat???
What is with all this gloom and things on my TL... can we have a fart orgy or something, everyone needs to eat a plate of beans
It's 1230am and I want a snack... hmmmm. What to eat?
Want something to eat, but idk what? Ahh
Iight I'm hungry right now.. What open around this time to eat in the burbs?
Idk what to eat. My stomach is growlin!
i should eat something before i sleeeeep....what to eat, what to eat.........
What to eat? Hungry☺
Hmmmm, what to eat?
Idk what I want to eat
I woke up late today then eat then sleep again then eat again! What a way to spend the last day of the year.
just ate a slice of cheese because i didn't know what else to eat ewpjgwepog
im starving. hm what to eat?
When I pace around the kitchen saying "What to eat, what to eat??" hehe
Confused abt what to eat kporge dis morning
Lmao what's in the dish?"@Rhapsyd: This woman is going to eat all that food by herself????*bbm can't watch emoticon*"
but ion know what to eat ,
I could get up and go see what we have in the refrigerator to eat, but i'm too lazy!
That cereal went end. Now what else to eat
I realize what I tweeted was a little gross, but guys go out and eat that shiz so I don't see how my tweet is bad at all! :) to be blunt. ;p
Can't decide what chocolate to eat. They're too many! Haha. :-)
I'm hungry but I'm too lazy to eat. WHAT IS THIS.
My daughter up looking in the refrigerator* talking about what's to eat* if you don't get your...nvmd I'm going back to bed!!!!
I'm hungry. Yayyyy! What to eat?
"Is this what Barak wants to bring to Africa as a human right! To eat the poo poo?!" LOOOOOOL
I have the munchies :( what to eat at this time ?
What to eat :/=-?
Hmmm im hungry what should I grab to eat
Just ate Ice Cream and then Leche Flan. What else? Well, if there's still more, I'll eat you later. Off to church, Bye tweeps! :)
hungry. what to eat...........
Lickin a spoon of peanut butter as I ponder what to eat for dinner.
What Is There To Eat ?
Man idk what the fuck I'm bout to eat but whatever it is I'm going in on it
LMFAO THIS MADE ME LAUGH "Scard to eat a girl out frm behind, what if she do one of them "FIRETRUCK" farts on my forhead the bitch must die"
What's good to eat if you been drinking? .Like bread and stuff,
Big girls don't play when they mean they say they be ready to eat . Smh and ctfu what this plum just order
Starting tomorrow I'm going to journal what I eat so after a long day of doing nothing i can look at my journal and feel bad
- imma ask joshua what he got in mind to eat ,
Like what I've said before, I need to control how much I eat.
Drink chocolate milk cuz I can't figure out what I want to eat lol
I'm not hungry, but I want to eat something. I need to taste. Hmm. What to eat, what to eat...
Ran the streets till Im tired, couldnt sleep nights, cause when living wrong its hard to sleep right, but it is what it is, gotta eat right.
Like soy, seaweed, strawberries, red meat... its already hard as is to only be able to eat practically 10 percent of what exists... ugh
What to eat? *thinking.
F THIS, IM BOUT TO FIND ME SOMETHING TO EAT#DONT CARE WHAT TIME IT IS !
What to eat for lunch.
I will go on he trip. What am I going to do at home for two days alone besides eat and sleep?
Im Very Tempted To Eat The Rest Of My Chinese Food... And I Think Thats Exactly What Im Going To Do.. Fuck It
What do I want to eat ?
Hungry..  Hmm what to eat?
Too poorly to party the New Year in so am staying home with my mister where we'll watch Star Wars & eat pizza under a blanket on the sofa.
trying to figure out where I wanna eat my last lunch in 2011.. Five guys? Mcmennamys? Fridays? Rice's Market? Moonvilla? Jae's? --> Options!
I'm not going to no club but me n my girl will eat a big dinner some where everyone b safe please.... And I want y'all to rep the city
If my wife ever discovers Twitter, I'm trusting you'll stay quiet about that DM where I asked to eat your asshole.
When he's out driving, where does Dracula like to stop and eat? The Happy Biter.
"@GlamrousNichele: Who wants to go eat with me?"dnt get off until 3 where at
I'm taking my new girlfriend out on a date tonight. Any idea where socks like to eat?
He should be the one asking me where i want to eat. Asshole
I like to go to places where people eat and just smoke :)
"...restrooms...seem to me like the perfect place for an infant to chow down." Who doesn't eat where they shit? Oh, wait....
Happy to be back in a country where I can drink water from the tap, where cars have seatbelts & mirrors, & where I can freely eat apples =D
"@Sir_Fresh: Where yo call I just want to eat lol
i spray bulgari on my pillow, eat your favourite lollipop and where your bracelet everywhere to remind me thad i belong to you..
Takin my t lady out to eat for ha bday today ion kno where i should take ha ass tho
If somebody finds a cheap nut cracker, can you let me know where? I need to eat all those nuts I got for Christmas! XD
I'm in one of those moods where you just want to eat everything in sight
Going out to eat today but just don't know where yet
Where the fuck can I get something to eat frm that doesn't has pork grease in it?
sometimes, i envy carissa bf. at least her bf does all the thinking on where to eat, where to go, wad to do.
Dropped at "Itto",very delicious restaurant where I've heared from my colleagues in Tokyo. That's wonderful!! Happy to eat special dinner :)
Where to eat in TCM?
i know exactly where to go eat
Guys, where's a good place to spend a father-daughter night out? I mean, a good restaurant to eat. Please help :/
I'm in a restaurant where all you can only eat is Fish. I'm about to faint.
All restaurants are closed chz they are preparing for midnight!! WTF WHERE AM I SUPPOSE TO EAT 
Where is good to eat nearish Willesden Junction?
Boca maid to friend: "Where I work, more food goes down the garbage disposal in a day than I eat in a week. I wish I could take it home."
Where to eat?
Where la this stupid boy? I want to eat!
want to be back in London. where I can eat my bagel in peace.
where's the best place to eat in Edinburgh tonight?
Time to revenge , let's burn something to eat , where are you now gold fish !? I want to burn u !! :D ha ha ha
2012 is going to be a year where I don't eat 3 times my body weight in biscuits every day.
Where to eat? Where to eat? Where to eat?
...where you eat enough on Xmas day and boxing day to feed a small tribe in Africa for a month, which is then followed by a cool down period
"@t3juh: Go n eat okin jor"@BukkyA: How Can Foodee Have Closed..Where Do They Want Sombody To Eat *Rme*""•Go Johr
Go n eat okin jor"@BukkyA: How Can Foodee Have Closed..Where Do They Want Sombody To Eat *Rme*"
I'm tired of seeing all these diet plans where I'm supposed to eat 6 small meals a day. Who has time for that?!
How Can Foodee Have Closed..Where Do They Want Sombody To Eat *Rme*
Nagclose na mga resto. Where to eat :(
where to eat? Fridays?
christmas the only time in the year where it is acceptable to eat ferrero rocher for breakfast :)
On a lighter note... Woke up w/ a sooooore head...Breakfast! Where to eat?
Vagueiew? Where to eat?
Don't know where at to eat breakfast though
Don't eat where u once used to shit, don't stay friends with people you broke up with or vice versa.
Anyone have those days where you just want to eat a whole tin of celebrations to yourself?
all i can think about this morning is food! where is all the pies? iwant to eat them!
Where should I walk to go get something to eat ? MickyD's, Wendy's, or Subway ? *Thinking face*
my hunger cannot be satisfied!... need to eat... where's mt soylant greens?!?!
Im only looking forward to NYDay at my nans, where I get to eat shit loads and wear my new clothes. Booyah
I just want to eat something. Where's my mother?
...I want to eat but my mother... How the hell did she know where my food stash is, she replaced evewJ2Nfd
Out of the streets, place where the hungry hearts have nothing to eat.
I need to eat. Where errboday at?
Hmmmm.. Where to eat?
in the end they haven't even decide on where to eat...
cooking dinner for my members to eat~ but where are they?? they all just disappear like this?? hmm... *searching*
Waffle house was to pack so we left there too . . So where else can we eat !!!???
Y'all niggas need to grow up and eat that Pussy baby boy style standing up with her on your shoulders where she can't run
Lol nice coz its new years they know everybody's gonna buy their over priced shit coz they got no where else to drink/eat.
Where will u guys go to countdown for the next year? my plan's eat eat eat and countdown lol
Where's your favorite places to eat at The Village at Sherman Oaks?
Where to eat tonight? All restaurants are full :( :(
Scoop somthin to eat, and land where the sand and water meet
HungryAF right now... Makes me wonder where crackheads go to eat at this time of hour
Alright.. got to that point where I was watching a guy eat a 20 piece Chicken McNugget meal in 2 minutes on Youtube. Goodnight.
Where Am I for tourists around Stratford upon Avon, UK has gone live with places to GO EAT and STAY in Stratford. Currently for iPhone.
Where can i get some to eat this time of night
I want to take a nap. I'm just too tired to plan where to go countdown with cousin. So I'm just going to stay at home and eat icecream -_-
Umm where that hoe that tried to eat my scroodle?
Slick faded... Bout to drink some more tho. Then goin out to eat and..... Idk where after that
hate this time of the night , where I'm up in bed alone with nothing but my thoughts to eat me alive.
I need some where to go eat for my birthday.. i want something different ! Any ideals ??
Tumblr is a site where i reblog food I can't eat, boys I want to fck but can't, clothes I want but can't afford, & houses I can't live in.
Where to eat ?
Now... Where to eat?
I had one of those days where all I want to do is eat and read Batman comics. Pretty much the story of my life.
about to eat something & go to sleep on the couchh my bed is not where its at tonight lol .
Where ya face at Im bout to cum .Open wide eat da bullet out da gun
Oomf asked me where I like to eat at , I told em ANY resturant that has a VALUE MEAL . LMFAO !!!
My favorite holiday is the one where they pay everyone to sleep and not shower and eat lots of bagels. That one.
I've invented a new tomato soup where you add cream cheese to it and eat it when you're tireddrunk.
Step 2 is where I get hungry and go look for something to eat.
Its cool think im gonna get something to eat! just gotta figure out where ?!
Where to eat for tonight.. Hmm..
Where to eat? Cocoa Room or Prime & Toast ? Which is better
I'm SO right handed to where I can't eat pizza with my left hand. I can't hold it correctly and I keep dropping it!
Doctor where are you? I need to eat already.
We're going to go get something to eat & then going to go to my favorite spot in Vallejo..where you get the entire view of the city..
No where to go to eat at this time except for waffle house
I want a Relationship where we could stay in to watch movies, eat junk food and cuddle, than go out all the time :)
Ive helped alot of ppl eat and get where they are in life. Now its time to be selfish and get mine.
I get in my pjs & go to the living room and my mom goes "where have u been?" Dad: "she's sick" mom: aweeeh I guess u can't eat these ...
why does no one from beckley know where the fuck to eat in charleston
“@im_DHATnigga: lmao, where team EAT THAT PUSS AT ?!” lol keeva go to bed !
hungry as hell finna take my ol lady to eat where they cook the food in front of you so ill prob go find travis or the jerk truck..#HoodRich
Excited for first trip at 2012, destination: Hongkong. For company's annual outing. Any recommendation where to eat?
Where can you go to get something to eat at 2:17 in the morning?
Divided Daniel so sweet!!! He gave us his Nama chocolate where he only ate one and can't bear to eat the rest. Cute sial!
I feel like eating :/ where to eat at this hour??
Stockholm is a place to eat! Good food everywhere. Even Lidl is promoting lobsters in TV ad's. Where as Finns are adverted with sausages...
My nig bower has gotten to the point where he just want to eat the princess! I think she likes being on that nigs ship. Lol
i need to eat. but i'm full, of liquor. this is that point where i get mad that i drank.
Bill's fried chicken out here where I'm at burned down. Now wtf am I supposed to eat?!
Not going no damn where , finna find or go get something to eat & be in my bed!,
Christmas, where people spend to much money and eat loads of crap they wouldn't usually and pretend OAo3I
Lookin 4 some food. Where to eat in St. Albans at 1:37 in the morning, any suggestions?
Im hungry but dk where to go eat at! :/
Bouta ride out ..& get sumn to eat . But where ??? o_0
It's a simple test to see where to Patnas at , if yu catch one of ya Patnas eating a banana , the way he eat will tell yu if he sweet ..
Finna eat and drink till I get to where I need to be, den when I get dere drink some more smoke a lil
Where the elite stay off their feet just to beat the heat and eat meat
Starving. Hopefully we go where I want to eat since I was forced to see this movie..
Omg get sick to the point where I eat little to nothing everyday
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. .  .It's good to know that I can eat before I run.
Time to get something to eat ya'll know where I'm goin....Right?...If not I'll show U was up
Ever been tipsy to the point where u eat but you dnt taste it. Parts of the food is just missing. Thats me right now. Lol
Where I'm from them things hot, and that talk is cheap And aint nobody hearing shit, cause they trying to eat
Niggas take dey old ladies to da bar & don't buy em nuttin to eat smh... Where is the courtesy? lmfao!!!
My cat hasn't attempted to eat me in the last 20 minutes. Wonder where she went...?
Where me nd dat girl,,, chill,, watch movies,,, go out to eat,, meet families,, kiss in public,, hold hands in public,,
If you know where I live and you're in Nashville, feel free to come over tomorrow, eat, n turn TF up!
I hate seeing candy commercials where people have a big smile on their face. Like bitch no one is that happy to eat some candy
Where a good place to eat
Up figuring out where we gonna get something to eat from?????
Lol g where u wanna go out to eat
Okay where we going to eat?? Hmm
Everybody showed up to eat where the hell the gifts at???
ooc: lol i'm going to eat, watch tv, and pity myself for having no where to go and no one to kiss at midnight. Single swag. ^_^
Ever felt so hopeless, to where you cant even eat, sleep, or even talk? hmmm smh.
75% off:  Gerry Frank's Where to Find It, Buy It, Eat It in New York
Where am I bout to get something to eat
Bobbbbb had me food ready to eat  but where did he go lol
My little sisters are already planning to eat me!!! Mom dad and Nini where art thou!!!!!
im sooo hungry. where should i go to eat?!
now i got no where to go...and nothing to eat...
I think I need to go eat some where
Fridge full of food, nothing to eat. Wardrobe full of clothes, no where to go. Internet full of sites, nothing to go on..
birthday tomorrow goin ice skating and going out to eat where should i go to eat
I eat sooo much but idk where the food goes to!
Wanna go to one of those classy clubs where u have to make reservations and the food to little to eat lol
Not low. Need to kick some ass. Sone, where are you hiding right now bro! Let's do this up to end 2011 the way it started. Then we eat
Where iss open to eat @ 12:15am ??
What is world coming to where females eat their own period blood? I didn't know people were that disgusting.
Just visited the beach where Julia Roberts filmed "Eat, Pray, Love". Such a beautiful view and great area to tan. ;)
"I don't know where this candy came from, but I'm going to eat all of it" - Me, frequently
HAHAHAHA. "@brainayysmurf: Yall better do this I don't know what yore want to eat aiya up to yoaall eh where yall going huh what about uall"
Almost offf work in bout 50 mins, then I guess off to mi casa!! Might get something to eat though! But where though?
Discussing where to eat.
So my auntie just said I just got off from work im hungry hell u kno my big ass came here to eat! Where fa food at
I wanna eat. Then go to sleep. But where can i get a soda at this hour?
I wanna go to hollywood tomarrow to see a movie and to go eat but than again I wanna be where everyones at, soo wheres everyobe at tomarrow?
They got some damn cold cuts to eat tf? Where the real food
Wtheck man where somewhere good to eat right now??
I wanna have a date where I can cook for a girl instead of us going out to eat.......yes ladies, I can cook really good.
Where is my sister? I kno she at work!!! Im Bout to go agervate her & eat her snacks. Lol
Loved the movie ☺ now I have to choose where we are gonna eat  idk what to eat!!!
went to to eat where the water came in wine bottles
Hungry! Need to figure out where I wanna get something to eat at....
Where to go now? Don't care gonna eat lunch alone
i got two friends perangai mat malaysia. every where we go they confirm want to eat rice.
It would be best not to shit where you eat
Daddy says lunch, but where to go to eat??
I Wonder Where Arman Is My Pussy Smell Like Jelly Biscuits & I Want Him To Eat It.
Where I'm from them things hot , and that talk is cheap And ain't nobody hearing shit , cause they trying to eat !
RT “@Estelle_WasHere: “@_naeeeLadday: I wonder where keiya at.” about to eat lol” lmao. I'm stressing man. ):
“@_naeeeLadday: I wonder where keiya at.” about to eat lol
i wish i could eat food and choose where i want in to go on my body (:
Where's a good place to go eat?  (:
Won the battle of where to eat! Bwahahaha! Japanese lunch!
Ugh idk where to go eat next week tho...idk why ppl want me to pick the spot.
Where I’m from them things hot, and that talk is cheap. And aint nobody hearing _hit, cause they trying to eat.
I'm deciding where to eat my last lunch in KL n as for 2011...@ItsAzman kasi pointer?
so over every fast food restaurant. where's somewhere good to eat?
that moment where there is no  more milk in your bowl but you still have cereal to eat <<<<
Where to eat toight ??? :O
I always end up somewhere to eat while i figure out where i want to go next ahaha
Welcome to my world where niggas dont eat bitches , bitches eat bitches :)
Why did you say i could pick where we eat if you're going to "suggest" other places?
where is everybody going out to eat tomorrow night ?
This night aint goin no where..Who tryna scoop me and get somethin to eat..my treat
Ready to eat where is my sister w/ my food? 
Figuring out where to go to eat?!
Ugh Where is this pizza I am ready to eat
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. .It's good to know that I can eat before I run.
Lettuce? It's getting to where it's safer + healthier to eat junk food !
I want something good to eat I wonder where my folks at
Where to eat where to eat...? :/
Bitches asking me where im at I hope she tryna bring me sum to eat.
I eat to much. Like I wonder where does his food goes?
woke up,no appetite,i crave some coastal breakfast...mahamri,viazi...i need to eat,where can i get this in nairobi...
My moms favorite place to eat is waffle house becus that's where her first date was.
that awkward moment where you want to eat everything you see... but you cant because you're wearing red lipstick. :/ ... :*
Where should the Hb and I eat tonight? I think he wants seafood. I'm open to anything.
I got a terrible ass headache! I need to eat man! Where the food?????
That akward moment where your asked to pray over the food ! .and you say.. In the mouth through the teeth down the throat now let's eat- amen
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be. -Eat, Pray, Love
when i want to eat , there is nothing to eat , but when im not hungry , its food every where .
cant decide where to go eat tonight.. chilis, elephant bar, TGI Fridays.....?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. .  .It's good to know I can eat nefore I run.
I wanna go out to eat, but where? Hmm
MY DEFINITIONS: Christmas :only time of the year where it is socially acceptable to sit in front of a dead tree and eat candy out of socks.
where do i wanna go to eat?
Mom and dad went to eat at my favorite restaurant tonight when I had to work. Just so they could text me and say "guess where we are?"
So there's a $5 cover charge to eat at where I work cuz of the UFC fight. U sleep af if u think I haven't been tellin ppl it's $10 instead.
Where's a good place to go and eat at this time?
Where we going to eat though!
where to eat breakfast, mcdo or kfc?
When I think to much I make my self sick to where I can't eat Smh this has to stop
"Youre back! where'd you go? What'd you have to eat? Did you have salad?"  -Argentinian bell hop hahahaha
my birthday is tomorow  .and dinner :)  where are gud places to eat at ?
Where should we go out to eat at ????????!!!!!!!!!!
Why everytime im at somebody crib and i ask them to get me somethin to eat or drink they tell me to get it myself? Where the hostmanship at?
Bout to go out to eat some where...#trafficflow
I Love Food , I Love to eat ! WTF ( Where's The Food )
"@Angel_M_London: ...already thinking of what I'm going to eat when I land..."...... Where u going Mama???
I don't ever want to live in a place where the best suggestion to go eat at is Carrabas. Kill yourself, Orlando, FL.
About to brush my teeth & change pocket books :) & then out to eat . Still don't know where I want to go !
After this place i ate at i know where i can take a girl out to eat on a date at
Of course jacks square one is where we choose to eat. I am always there lol its a crazy obsession.
I've gotten to the point where my stomach is growling and I'm woozy as fuck. I need to eat.
Can jux stop sum where damn feel like we been driving for hours tryin to find sum to eat
Where did my appetite go?! Being hungry and not being able to eat is not cool
WHERE DO I WANT TO GO EAT AT...?UMMMM
sitting here trying to plan where i wanna go for my birthday dinner whats a good place to eat at TL?
Oh Hell No , Not Waiting That Long To Fuckin Eat ,Where To Now ?
It's almost 10 and I have yet to eat dinner. I'd like to thank my stepmom for leaving and not telling anyone where she was going.
Im Takin My Love To A Down Town Restaurant Where U Gotta Dress Up And Eat
Her: Domo where yu at .Me: Out to eat with an old friend .Her: Okay bitch ima kill you and her weak ass!! Eat THAT
nigga gotta get on his grubbing, feeling lil hungry right now, where would it be a good place to eat humm!!
I'd eat a mile of her shit, just to see where it came from!
As always, never know where to go eat
I can't eat where I work ever again, I've cleaned up too many of these plates to eat them
My fams figuring out where to go eat dinner, I said I feel like eating some good mexican food , my sis' goes "well moms not cooking tonight!
There are times where I can admit I was wrong, and I need to shut up and eat something. This is one of those times :) I'm sorry, Bae.
Getting out of bed at 230 to make my mum something to eat. Where do I get my medal?
Watch where you put yo tongue every hoe ain't clean enough to eat off of
tryna go eat after this game. where to though?
At The Last Tuesday Society in Brixton where there is a 20ft long table covered in cake for everyone to eat - game on :-)
I wanna go out to eat ! Where someone with a car at
In Alex with the boo now I am hungry don't know where we going eat me him and meme so happy to be with him
My trade boy that would go get me something to eat where he at?????
Boutta eat this Chinese food that my siister is bout to miss out on where is shee
somebody shud bring me some to eat cause from the looks of it , when aint going no where .
Logan:Mommy, I hold the cookie. Me:U going to eat it? Logan:No. Me:Ok here.. Logan, where's the cookie? Logan: In my mouth, ahhh. Me: -_-
But if the girl cant cook good. The dude gonna always have a excuse to leave to go out to eat and other places, where he meets other women
Love and hate sitting down to a menu where I want to eat everything.
I don't get the point of the commericals where they feel the need to wait til morning to eat cereal.
I'm hungry. Leaving Lenox Mall. Tell me where to go eat.
Where do i wanna go get something to eat from?
where should I get something to eat from?
"@SoLo_DoLo_ChIcK: Jarod need to come on so i can get me some to eat!!!" Where yall going my toy?
They asked where to eat at? "Nowhere metro accessible. I hate going places where DC and Fake PG Thugs going to be. I dont feel like fighting
I randomly wanna go out to eat right now....but where idk
“@csullyyy: About to go out to eat (:” where we going?
I don't like working places where I KNOW that I'll eventually have to quit cos you have to eat , sleep , breathe the job itself .
I know my mama didn't get something to eat without me -_____- she just walked in , where you been ma??!! *yells across church* lol
I've been call every 3 hours or so. "Where are you guys now? Did you eat? Where? Where are going next? Do you know how to get there?"
I'm in Clifton so I got hella options.....jus dnt know where I feel like walkin to to get somethin ta eat.
On my way to el tap. Where everyone and their mamas eat dinner.
Argh! Cleaning the bathroom & then some massive spider comes out of no where and my silly cat tried to eat it. YUCCK!
Michael fell asleep.. now to figure out where to eat dinner! Dad Melissa and Felipe
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police do, its nice to know I can eat before I run!
Where to eat? Decisions decisions.
Hmm. Where to eat?
Me and madre about to go eat...hmm where to go.??
Where to eat at
In smiles ma boo shaq made me feel so much better..oan on our way out to eat me ma boo n princess Idk where yet doe
Where to eat?!
I'm gonna go out to eat where should we go to eat suggestions anyone?!:O
Headed some where to eat. We just dnt know where to go yet
Hmm where should I go to eat? :)
It always take everybody 5years to decide where we gonna eat @ lls it never fails! Everybody always like it don't matter BUT IT DO MATTER!
omw home to get ready, Derrick took too long Ion knoe where we fina go out to eat by the time we finish getting dressed
New York is the sort of place where when you pick a random spot to eat jelly beans it turns out to be next to the IRS.
I was gone take my bae out this weekend but where? she took me out to eat and to the show thursday!!
Now, where to eat *decisions decisions* ?!
bout to go out to eat some where..
TUMBLR.  THE PLACE WHERE ALL GOOD THINGS GO TO DIE. NOW I CAN NEVER EAT COOKIES AGAIN.
Ready to eat where is mom
So my mom bf asked where I wanted to eat & my niece said Hooters cus the girls are there with the booty shorts & wings. Wth? Lmao
What to eat.......where to go.....
.wanna take myself out to eat, but don't know where
To spend 200 on a date is nothing at all it's all abt where yah going and what u eat that's why I like fat guys they like to eat
Welp Chinese buffet is where we ended up ! Trying not to stuff my face jus cause I can eat all I want here lml
Cause I was sitting on the floor doing something and that's where I wanted to eat.
where to eat tonight? erghh. they are fully booked
Me and my baby both ready to eat.. And they can't decide where we going to go. and
Where is the best place to eat and have a drink in Vegas??
Where Is There To Go To Eat ????
we can't decide where we want to go eat ! ugh suggestions ?
mom: ima bring us something to eat me: *gets hype* ok ......*mom walks in with NO FOOD* me: where the food mom:oh you gotta go get it -__-
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. .  .It's good to know I can eat before I run
Trying to get 12 teenage guys to decide where to eat takes about as long as it takes females to get ready
Trying to think of what to eat for dinner or where to go since its our anniversary!
I looks like everyone in my TL feeling what I'm feeling so where we going to eat at!?
My Bitch On Her Way , Going To Get Something To Eat , Then Idk Where We Going :)
Where I going to brings us something to eat? b/c I was just going to find us something to eat
My dad said we are going to have chopstick night at our house one day. Where he hides all the silverware and we all eat with chopsticks...
In some countries in South East Asia like thailand and that where they eat snakes . . . parents teach children how to handle snakes.
There's really no where to eat in st. Paul -__- I'm starving and I don't mess with they pappys or Hardee's lbs.
Where's to eat? Hmm
Me & my fam arguing over where to eat & where do we end up? McDonalds.
Where To Workout In The New Year: “We're about making little changes so people will eat better, showing them how to exercise so they ...
It's one of those days where i want to be treated to dinner vs me whipping up something for others to eat.
Tryna think of where else to eat but applebees just got my heart
I don't know where I want to go out to eat at
“@Casanova_Slick: At chick a dilly..gotta get me sum'n to eat..”where mine????
I want something fire to eat!!!! Hmmmm where do I wAna treat myself??
- i want to go eat but don't know where !!!!!!!!! lol
Where to eat where to eat
Going out to eat with keshell dj and brad..but where ?!
Winterbreak: where I eat breakfast...then go to sleep.
One of those nights where you have nothing better to do but eat...everything.
Applebees..where guests come in, eat & go outside to fight and get arrested by the cops
WHERE IS THE LASAGNA??!! Im ready to eat
I'm hungry! DINNER TIME :) now, where to eat...
Going out to eat......where should I go???
Where should we go out to eat ?
Soo many choices where to eat???
Going out to eat with my mom and my brought and his girl but we don't know where to Go and eat at,  suggestions??
That's Why I DON'T Fuck W/ Tonie BIRD Looking Ass Now ; Where This Bitch Come From? You & I We're Posed To Go Out To Eat ; Stupid BITCH
Where to eat? That is the question...
Whenever And Where ever We Go Out To Eat Daijah ALWAYS Get Chicken Fingers And Fries .
I want to go on a date where I have to dress up all fancy and eat at a nice place! That'll be cute.
We need some suggestions on where to go out to eat.
I don't know where to go out to eat tonight *shrugs*
Now the dilemma is where do I go out to eat?
I'm looking to eat some amazing cheesecake...where can this happen??
And its trey turn to pick where we eat !
Where to eat tonight....
Fcccckkkk I need to eat something. Where has my appetite gone?
I hate trying to ask people what/where they wanna eat.. It's always I don't care or you pick.. Bitch just pick oneeeee!
Bout to go out to eat where too is the mystery but I'm around for it :)
WHERE TO EAT
Can't wait to leave the Y, I'm starving fuckkkk. Where should I eat at?
And now my mother took me to a steak and shake where the only thing I can eat is a grilled cheese. Thanks for that.
I have days where I forget to eat sometimes. Is that normal?
All I want is DINNER!!!! Where is everyone!?!?!? grrr.....Who wants to eat Friday dinner!?
wants too go out to eat but don't know where .....
I bet kicking it with Boris Diaw in France is ridiculous. Knows where to eat, is fat so you'll look more attractive by comparison. Yeeaah.
going to get something to eat but dont know where yet
About to stuff my face...not sure where to eat though
im dressed with no where to go , who wanna go out to eat
Don't know where to eat tonight. Hmmmmn
Even dogs know not to shit where they eat. Just saying..
I wanna go out to eat..this is where plays come into action which I don't have
Abt to go out -___- this nigga knw I dnt feel good but trynna go out to eat so I can just throw up every where
My mama txd me like "get ready" I said where we going? She txd back and said "out to eat and some beer" ctfu
Where's my fooooooooooood....im bout to eat whoever's food comes out next. Im not playin
imagine a world where there is no races or genders or classes~ there is only pizza and some ameobas there to eat it
Its To The Point Where I Dont Even Wanna Eat Nothing :( .
Mann where devin big ass at let me .Go .Take this nigga to eat for his b day
Where is this place????"@discojr: I'm going to High Tide Harry's tomorrow...all u can eat crabs,shrimp,& fish"
Hungry where to eat?
Me and Jada are fighting cause neither of us know where to eat.
Where in the handbook does it say you can't go out to eat by yourself ? Lol
Work is going really slow. I wanna leave early. Plus, a negro wanna go out to eat tonight. Idk where though.
I'm dying or starvation, ANYBODY wanna go get something to eat? Lol, idk where my friends are .
All i've had to eat today where those noodles but I'm not hungry at all so I'm trying to not eat anything out of boredom.
Going to eat... Not sure where but that's alright cause i'm gettin food. Get jealous.
i'm sitting here trying to eat my baked potatoe, and my family starts belching and talking about cat feces. I wonder where my appetite w ...
My father has taken me to the chart house where the menu is divided into fish seafood and steak. None of which i eat...
Where can you grab a bite to eat, read by a fireplace, rent a canoe, buy books & clothes, shoot pool all in one place? The Union @ SDSU.
Where's all the spoons in this house!? How the fuck am I suppose to eat my coco pops!?!?
where should igo to eat
Damn niggas need some where to go chill an eat at for tonight
I'm hungry as shit where's a good place to eat in the bull
Hmmm trying to figure out where me and Alexavia bout to sit down and eat at!
Where's a good place to eat dinner around dmv? (around Nat'l harbor or potomac mills?)
Starvin where to go an what to eat
So many decisions on where to eat
Have no idea where i wanna go out to eat at for my b-day. Any suggestions?
So ive went to four place to eat and its a 2 hr wait ever where so im el san jose and its packed but stole a parking space from some ppl
Em. Where are we even going to eat thoo ??
Someone tell me where to eat and what to order. If I like it, ill ask you again next time.
Smh "where we going to eat" .. "By The Beach" *hisses teeth & walks away* The Beach is Farther than the Damn Airport & that's bout 1hr away
Mom: Where do you want to eat? .Me: I want some spring rolls... .Mom: I DONT WANT THAT! .Me: WTH, why did u even ask me?! smh
Where to eat? Decisions decisions..
Where to eat in Richmond tonight...hmmm...MomJ abandoned us again...maybe XLB?  Butter Chicken?  Grrr...hungry...
Where to eat
I don't go out to eat much, but if there was a restaurant where you could mercilessly beat Daniel Tosh with a crowbar, I'd eat there a lot.
where to eat at
Where to eat where to eat???
GrandMa: u need to talk with the mouth u eat with .Uncle: I sure aint talking with the ass I shit with  .LOLOL u now know where I got it from
Out of work. Now where to eat? Hmmm descisions descisions
Anyone want to go out to go out to eat? I don't care where
Where should I go out to eat?
I'd eat a .Mile of her crap just to see where it came .From
How come it's so difficult to decide where you want to eat at?
Where is my family? There is nothing to eat but pez in this house
I'm all for my mommie bein bougie until it comes to where we eat, I want a full plate, not an appetizer & somethin to wash it down wit -_-
Wondering where were going to go eat at. ^_^
why? why? why? uuggghh out of no where. the constant banging and banging in my head. may be I need to eat something
No where to hide, no way out alive, I'll eat your heart, I'm a monster.
Tryna figure out where I want to go to eat, very hard choice.
- Wit My Best Boutta Go Out To Eat & Shit I Love Her Life Friends Since 06 Ahaa She Aint Going No Where Anotha Year Wit Her In My Life
About to eat a beignet from where food network shot the show worlds best food! They named this place the best! Okay I see you cafe beignet!
where you wanna get some to eat at?
My daughter seen me pick up my check & she says ooo weee! Where are we going to eat at? Ahaha
Tryna decide where I wanna go to eat today
Just left village pointe mall finally about to go and eat Idk where anywhere honestly I'm starving then out for the night but low key#YaDig!
"@sheMakeEmSay_O: are you DTE? Down To Eat .. ha ;P" like where did u get that non sense fr chem chem
Can't decide where to eat w/my booboo this evening. She & I are starving and can't make up our minds.
I guess I'm finn be waitin too eat super late...... I still dk where I'm going to go to eat......
Come on down to Big Pete's House of Munch where the elite, without feet, meet to eat.
Where to eat? That is the real question.
I'm hungry. Where is niall? I want to eat nandos with him!
I want to go out to eat but idk where ?! Habachi, italian, spanish restaurants decisions, decisions -__-
I wana go out to eat but idk where..I'm thinking cheadars but I kinda want sumthin different
Subway or Wendy's hmmmm where do I want to eat .
Wanna go out to eat but to where tho?? Hmmm
Where to eat tonightttttt
If you're so poor where do you get the money to buy a DS and eat it? Sksvsksbsksbsiajk
About to go out to eat, where should I go???
me and mir going out to eat ...not sure where yet .
So hungry,i wonder where all the food i eat goes to... SMH
I wonder where we gon go out to eat at, better be somewhere good! lol.
Lmao if you ask me where I wanna eat, I'm goin to pick somewhere classy and elegant, ill go to the bar if I wanna see loud obnoxious folk
I wish I could go back to the days where I didnt have to worry about notin! .Just sleep, eat, watch cartoons, sleep! miss being a lil kid!
no matter where i go to eat lately every waiter/waitress i get is so nasty
The world's heaviest mom closed her pay-per-view website where you could watch her eat. Now how am I supposed to spend my Friday nights?
Where to eat.!?
hm... where to eat...
Just bought tix to Sherlock Holmes for my son & me tonight at the fancy movie theatre where you eat & drink at your seats :D
Where to eat tonight? Decisions decisions.
I kinda feel like going out and gettin myself something to eat and some drinks.. Where to go?
Anyone know where I can find Fergie? Need to know before the 1st. Very important to eat a black eyed pea on New Years for good luck.
craving sushi... hm where to eat?
30 mins before I hit up the cat and dog joint for some food...lol....I need to stop before some really think that's where I'm gonna eat.
all dressed up for seeing the King and I with my dad and where does he want to eat Nifty Fifty... i will never understand him
Where to eat?!?!?????
We live in a society where PIZZA gets to your house faster than the POLICE. It's good to know that I can EAT before I RUN. LOL
Where's the best spot in atl to eat at
Oh, yeah...I have to see where I'm going to eat or stuff my face. Been on the pc almost all day, what can I say, I'm on vacation ;)
Leaving in a few for the city. Need an amazing place to eat tonight. Where should we go?
Although i'm pretty sure there'd never really be a situation where you were told you'd need to eat beetles to meet ed :L
those times where there is NOTHING to eat at your house :(
Omg were horrible at trying to decide where to go eat at ! Been over an hour and still haven't decided.
Welcome To Wal-Mart Where You Can Grocery Shop, By A New Outfit Get Your Ears Pierced & Get A Quick Bite To Eat :)
Watching TV trying to figure out where were going to eat tonight. I'm thinking steak.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. Well It's good to know that I can eat before I run.
Me: where u wana go out to eat @ .Babe: hmm suprise me .Me: wats ur tongue cravin for .Babe: really babe !! Pussy !! < aha I got me a freak (:
Let's see where my baby takes me to eat
Ready to eat where's my wife.... Gotta lick her up and down, til she say stop
Where should I eat in Havana?  Heading to Cuba on Jan 10th!
“@Tiffanyy_Co I just want to go to a nice lil kickback 2ma where I can eat, sip, and enjoy good ppl. Is that to much to ask?”
I just want to go to a nice lil kickback 2ma where I can eat, sip, and enjoy good ppl. Is that to much to ask?
Wonder where I'm going to go to eat after this? All I had was a damn pop-tart today.
Hopefully we'll find some where to eat at ! :/
Made it to Houston, excited for tonight! Need to eat and check in...but where's the time!
She had a website where men paid $19 a month to watch her eat
We live in a society where PIZZA gets to your house faster than the POLICE. .It's good to know that I can EAT before I RUN. lool :P
Take me some where to eat!
I'm hungry AF, just can't decide on where to go eat at ! ughhh
I love food, then my dad got me all excited sayin we goin out to eat where tf he at! Taken to long to come get us
Oohh i havent been here in months! Very surprising! Guess where im about to eat?! Lmao
What to do in Hazleton? Mall with 487 kids, movies where it's like 6 bucks for a drink...go out to eat...what an exciting place to live in.
Where do I want to go to eat? I need suggestions, anyone ?
Where is my brother at . Im ready to go home & get ready take a shower & thangs EAT !
I'm in fresno where is ah good place to eat
I'm so hungry but I think my gram is taking me out to dinner so I don't wanna eat.. The problem is.. Idk where she is!
Why do I sometimes eat to the point where I feel sick, ew.
Then out to eat later.......hmmmmm........can't decide where to go
Imagine a place with no fraud. Can't? Try imagining a place where, to eat, you have to work with your own hands. Money doesn't work there.
I really dont want mcdonalds but im hungry so it looks like thats where im getting something to eat from
Trying to decide where to eat tomorrow after the parties...waffle house, whataburger, mai's, ihop, dennys, house of pies or....?!?
STOP IT....U AIN'T SWEET :-) DAMN CAN I GET A PLATE? WHERE EVER U BOUT TO EAT AT PIMP:-) (HINT HINT)
when my family can't decide where to go eat<<<<
eat my balls  where everyones goin to vegas
Finally on my way back home after looking for some where to eat. I've ended up just getting a chippy fml
You know that problem where you are hungry but there is nothing to eat in your house? Yeah.. :/
Don't know where to go to eat /:
one of those days where i just want to eat cookies & low fat yoplait yogurt. lol.
My aunt brings her own silverware where ever we go to eat. Lol
My Mom just said she getting me something to eat.... We just passed 7 FUCKING RESTAURANTS!!! WTF?? WHERE ARE WE GOING... LITTLE CEASERS ??
Where is Mi Madre ? I'm Ready to go out to eat
Where is my lovely grandma ? I'm ready to eat before I go to work ! Lol
tryna think of where ima make twin take me to get sumtin to eat
where to go eat?  hmm
she tried to set me up.. it was just business.. she was just tryna get paid in a world where big fish eat little fish!
I need to figure out where I'm gone a eat asap cause I am too hungry! !!!!
Where did this amazing quality of being able to eat a 10" pizza to myself come from?
Discussing politics with a young person is like discussing where to eat dinner with a woman.
Where is my family? They probably went out to eat...
I have a $50 gift card to Outback where I get 50% off.. So basically, who can I take out for dinner? I never eat there...
"where do you guys want to stop and eat?" For some reason this pisses everyone off in the car ?!  Idk I don't live in Grenada MS !!
Where's my fatass twin sister . I'm about to eat her chicken & macaronie
What To Eat, What To Eat? Rice,Sausage And Eggs Where Aunt Joyce When You Need Her? LOL
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. .  .It's good to know i can eat before i run.
I am starving. Idk where to eat at either.
I really like you , i have feelings for you i want you to be my gf Me: *eat fries* Ooh where my drink ? Lmfaooo !
My dad keeps asking us where we wanna go to eat and I'm like "Dad, it's your birthday not ours so you choose" and he's like "No no you guys"
I kinda want Hokkaido tonight... good thing that's where we're going lol... but I still need to eat something now.  >_<
130 cal for breakfast 175 for lunch and now off to a Christmas thing where I will hopefully eat nothing. brought lots of gum :)
Where should I go out to eat tomorrow ?? Any suggestions lol
Thinking Where I Wanna Go To Eat For My Birthday.
Where are we going to eat? Decions decisions
I mean if you just goin to eat dinner on your first date. That's a dinner date. Pending on where you go and if she greedy I would say $100.
Tryna Go Out Tonight But Where??Guess Me Nd My Otha Half Going Out To Eat Or Movies
Haven't ate chipotle in like 7 months . You know where I'm about to eat lol
I wanna go out to eat but where idk ??
My brother cooked me the best sandwich, so we're about to open up a place where we cook and you eat
So I know after church new years imma be hungry so where am I about to go eat
a nigga starving contemplating where and what to eat
«@Bad_lil_mami82 I wanna go out to eat.....ummmm but where?...»
I wanna go out to eat.....ummmm but where?...
I'm so hungry & there's so much to eat don't know where to start
Dont ask me to pick where we are going To eat. I'm so horrible at making the tiniest decisions!!
Wonder where we going to eat at??
Where shuld I go out to eat
Me:mom just let me sit in the car and you go in the store... .Mom:ok I will be back  .Me:Ok where's the pizza I got to eat it... Lol
my dad said were goin out to eat, but didn't tell us where? an we're now downtown? smh
I work to put gas in my mama car and eat McRibs . That's where my checks go
My bf need to tell me where we goin out to eat at...
Where should I go to get something to eat
Today is just one of those days where I want to eat everything in sight!
Trying to See Where I Wanna Eat for My Birthday I'm Three tired Of Boudreauxs . . .
Hungry…where's my Chinese so I can eat and be able to run before it gets dark…again?
“@toytoy81: I refuse to eat birthday cake where MFs had to blow the candles out....” lol ha
I refuse to eat birthday cake where MFs had to blow the candles out....
I wanna go out to eat tonight but idk where...hmm decisions decisions
Is it weird I'm looking for a new job, based on where I like to eat?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house faster than the police. It's good to know that I can eat before I run.
Tryna figure out where my birthday dinner will be, even if I'm the only one that will pay to eat there.
where my niggas at i need to go get something to eat
it dont make you cheap , but where you gone go for 200$ y'all must be going out to eat ,bowling ,the movies ,skating and everything else
Where The Freak Is Vonte He Was Pose To Bring Me Something To Eat Along Time Ago ! . .
Stars gotta act, dress, walk, talk, eat, sleep, and play like stars, thats where im tryin to get lol
Sadly, we live in a place where you must rush to eat your food so you can get back to work and productivity. But do you ever enjoy it?!
off to go eat ummm where should i go ?  xD
Went all the way to Cerritos then realized i forgot my bag where we eat and drove back to get it. Never ever , never ever. :(
The day you eat a meal alone by yourself is a day where u really start to mature! Or @ least headed in that direction I like to think :)
It's so hard deciding where to eat out
Me and Tony are going out to eat later on (don't know where yet we just wanna eat)  who wanna go?!
My mama always says where u want sumthin to eat from and what I want from there. Idk whyy , knowin I'm gone go to wendys and get my favorite
bout to go out to eat with my boo....... where should we go
TIME TO EAT BUT WHERE
I always get outweighed when I try to vote on where we eat.
“@THNRyanKennedy: OK, Calgary...I need a good place to eat bad food and a stereotypical country western bar. Where should I go?” ranchman's
Barbecue where are you?! I'm coming to eat your soul.
wanna go out to eat , but where tho ?
Going back and forth with my sister and Willie about where to eat. Like getting irri. -_-
Work , so busy to the point where I don't have a chance to eat! & my back hurts.
ITS ALL COMES DOWN TO WHAT A CHICK THINK OF U N SINCE IDGAF BOUT WHAT A BITCH THINKS WE GON EAT WHERE EVER I FEEL MY MONEY RIGHT FOR
