Is today really the last day of the year ? What the fuck I feel like I have so much to do before tonight
What to do today.. have no work till Tuesday!
So what am I going to do today
What to do today
Man what to do today....
What am I going to do today??? Hmmmm lls
Goodmorning world let's see what there is to do today
It's the LAST Football Free Saturday this year! What do YOU want to hear today on the show? .-- Ryan
What am I going to do today. Hmnn.
What? No basketball games to go today after 6 in the last 3 days? Wow. What will we do? Oh yeah, Christmas lights need to come down.
I thinking about have a party today, I dont know what Aaron want to do
why does today feel like a sunday. any suggestions as what to do?
What to do today???
*what can you do to make the world a better place today?
what to do today ?
What is Sade going to do today ?
What to do today ?
Good morning loves! I can't believe it's already NYE! Lots to do today before tonights festivities!!! What do u guys have planned??
Ugh. Way To Much Shit Goin On Today. I Can't Pick What I Wanna Do.
Is feeling excited today.  Last day of the year for me to bless somebody and help chance a financial circumstance...I love what I do.
What To Do Today?
Idk , what to do today .
what to do today...
"@fzakharia: Hmm what to do first today... Decisions decisions."lets drink franni
What to do today? What to do? Buy Champagne? Yes! Bake cookies to pair with Champagne? Yes! Read a book and not edit it? Yes! Nap? Yes!
Today is the last day of the year so what do u want to say !?
Wake up knowing that today could be your last and nothing is going to stop you from accomplishing what you are set out to do.
Don't know what to do with myself today...I had it all planned out yesterday...lol
I hope this new year doesn't suck as much as today already has. I don't even know what to do.
What to do today.
What to do today? At least until later tonight
What to do toDAY
I need to get out. I don't care where I go or what I do today. The destination is unimportant. It's the journey that I need.
"@fzakharia: Hmm what to do first today... Decisions decisions."lets drink
What to do today?!?!?!?!?!
I wonderr what im going to do today.. Hopefullly something.
What to do today??
What is there to do today? Im leaving Monday morning and i DONT want to be bored my last days in Miami..
Debating what to do first today. My head is spinning with options.
Debating about what I'm going to do today
What to do today?
Good Morning what am I going to do today
What to do today...
What to do today mmmmmhh Idk
If the world was ending tomorrow, what would you want to do with your last today?
I have no idea what I'm bout to do today.
Hmmmn what to do today?
Do something today to make up for what you didnt do yesterday
I Don't Know What To Do Today.
Do supermarkets shut today? If so, what time? I want to know when I have to go and fetch my alcohol for the evening.
My back sore as a MF'er -_- ,What to do today?. (shrugs shit) lls
What am I going to do today?
YOUR FUTURE IS TODAY,SO DON'T BE AFRAID TO DO WHAT YOU WANT !! *HAPPY NEW YEAR ALL*
So what should I do today I really want to get out the house !!!!
What am I goin to do today..
Absolutely not down to go work today...what to do afterrrr ???
what to do today?
We need to get a move on with what we have to do today...
Last Saturday in 2011 what are  gonna do differently today to prepare for tomorrow God willing of course
Ha Ha Do u know what today is its NewYearsEve !!Tonight on this Saturday is going to be de Biggest night of our lives. 2012 here we come!!!!
Hmmmm what is it to do today ?
Thinking of what to do today..
RT“@SelfMade_Flow: What to do today ?”
New Years today and Im thinking of what to do.... Playing AQW is planned or rather to say farm Legion Tokens. But other then that Idk
Malik malik malik what r we goin to do today
Still haven't made any plans for today.... What to do what to do
What to do today. Hm.
Idk what to do today
I'm going to try and take January off from shopping (other than food, of course) Quick. What else do I need to buy today? ;)
What to do today? ?
wonder what ima do today tho...my mama need to hurry up n txt me the territory or ima just play mw3
Idk what to do today ?
Sigh what to do today/nite....i guess I could go to church with him.. :/...
Idk what to do today ,
what should i do today? i have nothing to do...
I can only handle today. Who knows what's in store for tomorrow or if I'll get the chance to do anything at all...
What to do today :(
“@_ReddDiamond What to do today”
what is ther to do today ??
Hhmmmm. What to do today??
Hmmmmmm what to do today? I need to ask the tiny tot of terror what's on the agenda. If he says Itz I'm going to hand em a job application.
Hmm what to do today?? I think I need to walk because my body hurts...best way to get rid of pain is to exercise it out
Last day of 2011..... What are YOU going to do today?:)
“@Mz_Tejada: Swear this guy will see the biggest BITCHFEST  EVER if I don't get to do what I want today....”
Hmmm what to do today ..
heading out to do some shopping... this may prove to be a fools errand if what my friend has experienced today is anything to go by
Swear this guy will see the biggest BITCHFEST  EVER if I don't get to do what I want today....
What is there to do today?
I just made up my mind about what i'm going to do today
last day of 2011 i wonder what everyone going to do today?
To all you twats slagging my beloved team off last weekend what do you make of that today at old toilet??? Happy birthday Ferguson you cunt
Hmmm what to do today..
Your legacy as a father doesn’t have to be defined by your past.  You can choose to create a new legacy by what you decide to do today.
What to do today....
I Need To Figure Out What I Wanna Do Today!
Of course Robby, Speaking of which, what would you like to do today?
What is there to do today ??
Its New Years Eve....what to do today???? Shops till i drop eat till im full & drink till i pass out...sounds like a plan to me.
At work..... Hummm what time do I want to leave today?
People don't kno what they're going to do today everybody scared.
Morning!!! First Saturday off in Forever... Ummm what am I going to do with myself today?!?!
Just wish IU played an early game today, what am I going to do the next 8 hrs
Okay then. I'd be mad to go out shopping today. But critical homeschooling supplies are needed, so guess what we're gonna do?
hmmm what to do today?
I don't know what I am going to do today.
Hmmmm. What to do today????!! Lots I should be doing, but not sure I want to!!
Today 2011 ends and everyone can either start something new or continue to do what they did this past year.
What to do with the family in GR today? Any suggestions?
It's my friends birthday today and I bought her a present. What am I going to do with it? Use it myself.
What to do today ??
"me either@mydesyre: Still not sure what I'm goin to do today"
Really bored. Do not know what to do today smh lol
Need to decide what to do today... Something stupid, perhaps?
How do you feel today? What are you up to?
I seem to cause a lot stress for people :( So much to think about today and try to figure out what to do and how to change :(
Last day of the year ! Now what to do with my babyboyyy today...
Wondering what I'm going to do today
What's up for today/tonight... I need something to do
What am I going to do today.
What to do today?!?!?!
what to do today ... hmm.
What to do today.. *thinking*
Hmm bout to go in this other room and see what my cuzzo tryin to do today
What I WANT to do and we I SHOULD do are never insync. This is life's battle of good and evil. Who will win today?
Last day of the year and I get to spend it resting with my Creator! What will you do today?
What to do for today Hmm.
Finally figured out what I WANT to do today :)
What am I going to do today ?
Why people so bitter today? O_o .... What the hell did the New Year coming do to yall?? Yall hate infants too? o_O Puppies?
Hmmm what to do today
I have no idea what to do today
I'm not sure what I'm goons do today. I might go to a lil party... But we will see
“@DEmmett32: My Cards are about to go in today. F uk, F rupp, F a point spread. Let's do what they said can't be done.” just like IU boi
2011 is winding down. . .What are you planning to do today that you're going to resolve never to do again as of tomorrow?
What to do today... I could read and listen to music or watch tv and go on tumblr.
Habari Gani (what's the news for today)? KUUMBA (Creativity) To do always as much as we can, in the way we can, in order to leave
Hmmm.... what to do today..
Deciding what to do today, all options involve entertainment and no labor whatsoever.
Don't know what to do today ?!
The way I have loads of things to do today but what to choose?
Blahhhhh what to do today
Hmm what to do first today... Decisions decisions.
What to do today?  I have no clue
Today let us think about what we can do to leave our communities more beautiful than when we inherited them.
Morning world, still no sun at this hour. But what do you expect? Off to work, if my guesses are right, it'll be a hit or miss today.
don't know what to do today...
What Am I goin to do today?
Good morning twitter! Crazzzzy dream last night. What to do today?
“@eat_myUMM What am I going to do today ?”
What am i goin to do today??????
I should do something productive today and sort out what I'm going to wear tonight.
I'm off today...what to do?
Think I've spent too much time doing nothing today, should start with what I have to do!
You can't fix it today? Do you know what an inconvenience it is to come back next week? This is not our regular home, it's our summer home.
what am i about to do today?
If the loonies turn out to be right, what would you do in your last year? That's if the rapture prediction for today is wrong ;)
What to do with my hair today ??
Wonder What I Am Going To Do Today
boredom has taken possession of me...and we still have no plan what we want to do today...*sigh*
Today last day for y'all that made resolutions to do what u said at beginning of year
Hmmm what to do today...
My mom said I can do what I want today but I'm gonna go to church to make her happy I guess "/
ya know thinking of what i have to do today in order to get ready for tonight...shit single chicks have to do a lot of grooming
Way to tired. But in all honesty if I fall asleep tonight what are they gonna do? Fire me when I only have today and Tuesday left? Lol
Good morning!  What to do today?!
What to do today?....
So What should I do today? Hair done, nails,toes, and eyebrows done, house stays clean (I don't play about my house) do idk what to do then
There is no I could've, should've, would've. There is only- What am I going to do today to make it better?
I've learnt not to judge, because you never know what someone is going through, or has been through to why they act the way they do today..
Good morning everyone! Today is the last day of 2011. What do you hope to accomplish today?
Worst nights sleep in years! What to do today? NYE but I'm not in the mood to do much at all!
Good morning! I'm lounging in bed...craving mimosas + donuts ... Avoiding all the things i have to do today. What are you up to?
Hmmm what to do today :!
When I'm bored I shop what to do today? .. :s
This year will never come again, but we will talk about it in the future.. So today is your last shot to do what the heck you like in 2011..
What am I going to do before work today... uhhhhh.........
What shall I do to my hair today...
Blah ! What am i going to do today! :D
My whole fuckn outlook on today just changed. Oh well I know what to do about it!
what to do today.. i know... cleaning!!! after a walk to the shops!!!!
Idk what to do today?
So mhairie works until 7 tonight. What am I going to do today........?
Work or no work today what to do
After I finish doing what I need to do here today, I hope time starts to go by slow.
Wow! Two things done on my "to do list" today & about to start the 3rd. Am I good or what?! Lol!!
One day I'll do something great, I'm just using today to figure out what that will br
Today is the last day of 2011. We're about to witness another year 2012. What will you do differently in the new year?
Ah ' what's there to do today ?
What to do today.??
What is there for a girl to do today
Ahhhhhh what to do today might go to a party but dunno :/
What to do today? Hmmm...
its saturday and dn't knw what to do today .
my sister took my phone so I didn't have an alarm to wake me up for what I needed to do today. Wtf!
Good Morning Tweeters!! I can't wait to get today started hope my friend got what he gonna do together
What are you going to do today?
Now what the hell am I supposed to do today.
Today utime day and try to do what you .wanted in 2011. More remember you have .less than 00:00 AM
Don't know what to do today..?
*Captain planet voice   .What's the move today? One thing you've wanted to do all year? The choice is yours!
Sow today I'm not sure what I'm going to do hhmm lol
what to do today
Today is 2011's Vegas day. What happens today, stays in 2011. Tomorrow's response: Why do you have to bring up shit that happened last year?
I love roadtrips with my husband. He is by far my favorite person to travel with. I wonder what we will talk about/ do today.
Don't know what the hell to get into today...2 much I wanna do when I should really just be stayin in tha damn house...
What am I gon do in Atl today before I go to the game tonite???
Wonder what Sa is going to do at Norwich today...
Bill Belichick press conference. Love it. "What was Brady able to do at practice today?" "Play QB".
No work today...what am I going to do with myself?
What to do today: put away clothes..clean room, change sheet, put final touches on my outfit.
my parents not home today they went away 4 2 weeks dont kno what to do got the house all to my fuckin self
Im not feelin today but I'ma do what i gotta do to enjoy da year
what I'm going to do today? Haha jamming to Firework by Katy Perrrry xD what I'm going to do tomorrow? lie in my bed and sing Hangover
What to do today....hmmm...
The kids klub is closed for 2 days and I'm at a loss for what to do today and tomorrow
Still not sure what I'm goin to do today
Fine, I'm up. Lots to do today neways, before what I'm sure will be an awe-inspiring evening tonight at work....
Not sure what to do today.. I woke up abnormally early so my entire daily schedule is out of sync.
What would you do if you only had one more day to live? That day might be today, treat it like your last.
Lord give me the strength to do what is required today aka lug all these clothes up and down these stairs...
Dad gave me options on what to do today :D
i feel that ur soo far away from me today :( though i need u so much .. i dont know what to do :'(
What are you going to do today? So close to 2012!
i have no motivation what do ever to work today ..
what am I going to do today?
Debating on what I want to do today
My mama going to say we got alot to do today,, I said like what? She talking bout cleaning for da new year o_O smh
What am I going to do today??
I wonder what I'm going to do today.
What do the united players need to do to get decisions for them today?
Good morning! :) It's the last day of 2011! What will u do today to make u feel proud?
hmm , what to do today ..
What to do today America ?
so today could be the last day ever............. what to do?
My hair just won't do what I want it to today, what a biiitch
What if we remembered to ask each morning before our feet hit the ground : "What do you have in store for me today, Lord?"
...what im going to do today...
Stupid Starbucks is closed today! What is this? Some kind of holiday? Do I dare go to cup of Joe?
What the hell have my teacher done to my essay? Haven't got the head to do it today! Need my mams help
Going to by something nice for my love today.  What do you get a fleshlight?
Goodmorning everybody!!! Hmmm last day of the year huh... What to do today?? Hmmm :))
What are you going to do today? Normal people: I'm going to stay with my friends and family ~ Me: Tumblr & Twitter
It's almost 2012 and tomorrow I'm going to do nothing different from what I do today.
Happy New Year's Eve! We've already started the day with a child who can't stop hiccuping and the usual "so what do YOU want to do today?"
Ho hum, what to do today...?
Last day of 2011...what are you gonna do to end this year with a bang?  Get in a great workout today so you can go into 2k12 on a good note!
I was supposed to sleep until AT LEAST 10am today. My body does what it wants to do 
Idk what I want to do today
Hmmmm what to do today :p
I was meant to do something today ... But I can't remember what ...
need to get up and do what igotta to do so ican be out by 1:45 today ....
What do you say to people today?? Merry Christmas... Or... Happy New Year... When in fact its neither today??
So far today... Got up and made what I'd planned to do for dinner last night but fell asleep instead then back to bed... X x
So Tired ! What To Do Today ?
good morning twitter loves,what do you want to learn today?
No rugby on sky today, don't have a clue what I'm going to do..
What I'm not Going To Do Is STAY IN THIS FUCKING HOUSE TODAY !
What is it with the proliferation of Twitter spammers today? Do they have an annual quota they need to reach for 2011?
Idk What To Do Today .
Now to figure out what to do today. Gotta get Zoe out of this house and go somewhere... shopping most likely
What to do today ... Hmm.
Wonder what to do today! Any plans/suggestions? Thanks :)
Today is the last day of 2011. What to do?? I think I'm so not ready to go to 2012 yet, but I really can't wait to leave 2011. So confusing!
What to do today ???
What am I going to do today
What to do today..
New years eve what im goin to do today
I have so much to do today to prepare to welcome what will be the best year yet. Laying out the red carpet for 2012 baby.
What to do today , any idea's ?
Mi horoscopo dice:  Listen to what your heart wants before you do anything impulsive today. . .Que pasará hoy??
What am I going to do for my b day today?
Morning people!!! Last day of 2011 ^_^ do today what you wanted to do all year...its your last chance!!!!!!!
Idek what to do today
Damn I got a lot to do today but we will see what happens
Today's web question: .What do you need to fix in 2012?
getting my hair cut today, but i don't know what to do with it :(
Wonder what I'm going to do today ... I really don't plan on being in the house.
Trying to decide what thing I should do first on my to do list for today
Good morning world (and everyone who Twitters on it). Sipping coffee and trying to decide what I should do today.
What To Do Today? House Party Or Rave
What to do today hmm...
I just don't know what to do  with myself today.....so tired and in no mood to party tonight after a long day of. Work
Right what to do today?
right i've decided what to do today.. HARRY POTTER ! :3 im too cool.
what to do today? any ideas?
What to do today.... what to do. Grocery Shopping of course, but what to do tonight...
still don't know what to do today, was thinking of going to see fireworks at 6pm in Newcastle... worth the effort?
Ok I'm foreal ima do what I was suppose to do today because its the end of 2011.... I need to stop being so scary lol
Hm... what to do today ???
Hmmmmmm what to do today.
If Miss Sarah entered the race today can you imagine what that would do to the MSM? I believe that would be the last nail in their coffin.
Work from 3-8 today..what to do after though?
All I wanted to do was sleep in today and recoup from the move. What the fuck am I doing awake at 8am?
What can I do to help you today?
welp, what's a dinosaur to do today
hey, you know what? I hate you, fuckin bitch. stop telling me what to do. YES, I'm so fucked up today.
Don't know what to do today.......... Need to get out though
Today is the 7th day of Christmas. If you were to wish someone a "Merry Christmas" today, what kind of reaction do you think you would ...
Ughh what to do today ???
I think Ima curl my hair today... Idk what I'm going to wear or do though ;/
Needs to decide what to do today... Sankeys or not?
“@Danyella105 Up early, what to do today?”me too and mall trip...
I don't even know what to do today.. If I stay at my mom's, my dad will get mad. &if I stay at my dad's, my mom will get mad..
Welp since I'm up,what is there to do today..
what can you do today to improve yourself?
What's everyone need to do today?
dunno what to do today
what to do today, hmm might go shopping
what can I do to waste today?
Pulling a wig out of a carrier bag wasn't what I was really expecting to do today... Something ur not telling me mike lol
Starting to hate this day. It was always fun when it's new year but today? I just don't know what to do. :( ~le cries
i knew i should have saved something bloody stupid and embarrassing for today, now what am i going to do?
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it all back to you. By now you shouLda, somhomw, realised what you gotta do....
What to do today ???!!
Want to do something today! Dont know what tho.. Lol
What to do today what to do !
Not sure what to do today.....
Praying my hair does what I want it to today! Not that I know what to do with it... :/
I know what I am going to do today.
What to do today? Party tonight!
I'm very excited to see how Berbatov and Hernandez link up today. I'm thinking they'll get 2 between them. What odds do you give me?
what to do today , thats the question :/
Up early, what to do today?
Bored.. What to do today? Exept working.. :x
I can't remember what I did last new yrs eve tht why i need to do sum today tht I wont never forget ,
Have nothing to do today. What a boring day for the last day of 2011
Woe is me are just tooo sick!!! :D .wants to do something today, hmm what to do
I don't have a clue what to wear today, or what to do..
TWEET ME if ur going to go anywhere or do something today at the last day of 2011 eve ? tell me what are u going to do?
Really doesn't know what to do today!
Good morning! What to do today? Bagar todo el día. No plans!
What to do today what to do? I have 8h 30mins until the Bahrain Ball drops!
Afternooooon tweeps! What is everyone getting up to on the last day of 2011? I'm not sure what to do with myself today :s
Today is the lastday, so let's do what we want to change before 2011 ends. :')
Does anyone know what time the rapture starts today? I've got things to do and I don't know whether to do them now or afterwards...#rapture
Feeling a bit more aliveee today so going to see what revision I can do :)
I have no clue what to do today?
"@Mark_Jones86: As I'm working today and tomorrow can I claim that as two years non-stop?" Not to anyone who knows what you do for a living!
what a rahtid journey i've got to do today from west - streatham - bricky - streatham - west - north -_____-
I don't know what to do...that will be a boring day today... :/
What to do today ... x
okay going to write fanfics today, what do you want first FOLLOW YOUR HEART or JEDWARD IN THE JUNGLE tweet me :)! xx
Few games on fifa, then going too decide what to do during today!
Trust me to get sick today..dunno what to do, belfast sick or sit in the house by myself??
also, it's new years eve today so you should be thinking about what a great night you will be having not what other people want to do
What the hell an I going to do today
no idea what to do today,and i still have nothing to do for new years! oh well
Bout to say a prayer and doze back off. no matter what u do today, take time out to thank God you still here!
So what to do today its new years eve
Hmmm what to do today???
Hmm what to do today its new years eve and I'm at home with nothing to do suggestions please :) xoxo
ugh what to do today
What to do today Hmmmm. Looking to eat some nice food tonight get the new year off to a flyer
Wondering what to do today. So far the only words I've spoken were "at least have a sandwich?" and "stay out of trouble!"
Okay I need to do something special  today to mark the end of the year..hmmm what could I do..
Hmm.. New Years Eve... What to do today... Decisions, decisions..
Duty cancelled at the last minute so I'm at a loss as to what to do with myself today :(
So much to do today! And I still don't know what to wear tonight
What to do today!
what to do today?? No one decent worth watching on sky sports!! It will have to be Godfather on dvd!!
Hmm what to do today ? The thought of going stables is not a good feeling.
Mmmm what to do today ?is there something going on tonight !
Slept in late! Hmm, what to do today
Don't know what to do today. Might slowly start getting ready for tonight :/
I planned to do a lot of things today, I'm sure that I won't do a half of what I thought. *yaoming*
I don't care what youre going to do different in 2012. I'll be no different tomorrow than I am today...except a little more hungover.
Last Day of the year. What am I going to do today?
What are you going to do today on new year's eve?
I woke up this morning like hm what should we do today? OMG a trip to explore NYC would be fun! Then I recall it's new years eve
What to do today hmmmm ......
John C. Maxwell~ Good executives never put off until tomorrow what they can get someone else to do today.
I haven't the faintest idea what to do today. The underground line near my hotel is out for repairs & Im petrified of getting stranded.
Why do lots of places have sales that finish today? What happened to them being the JANUARY sales?!
"If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?"
what to do today hmm
Mmmm.....what to do today?
Well what to do today I don't know I am thinking bout the mall movies getting a tat and then partying but where the party at for real
James 5:7:"Be patient, therefore, brothers, until the coming of the Lord."  What do you have to be patient with today so you can honor God?
Haha this mexican bitch tried telling me what to do. I'm the fucking boss today
I don't know what to do today
A question to ponder on- what would you do if you knew today was Eatth's last day?
What to do today?? January sales might be the go :)
Hmm, what to do today... .Sit around, in my pyjamas & fluffy slippers, watch TV, drink tea, eat chocolate... Sounds like a good plan to me! ☺
Lwkmd...."@rote_pumpin: WHO KNOWS? “@zizzlyfrizzly: Na me kill Jesus."@rote_pumpin: GO AN SLEEP IN CHRCH “@zizzlyfrizzly: What to do today
WHO KNOWS? “@zizzlyfrizzly: Na me kill Jesus...."@rote_pumpin: GO AN SLEEP IN CHRCH “@zizzlyfrizzly: What to do today.....??”"”
Na me kill Jesus...."@rote_pumpin: GO AN SLEEP IN CHRCH “@zizzlyfrizzly: What to do today.....??”"
Start doing today!....Your philosophy of life is not what you know, neither is it what you believe to be true...it is what you do.   LIG
things to do today: fake tan a little more, do my eyebrows, curl my extentions, tidy my room, chose what to wear for tonight,
Hmm what to do today...
GO AN SLEEP IN CHRCH “@zizzlyfrizzly: What to do today.....??”
What to do today? Hmm…
What to do today.....??
Having a Big Laundry Day today to get it cleared in this year. I do it every year but guess what? It all comes flooding back  by 2nd Jan ...
I am sorry for any inconvienience caused by what I do today, but I want a 1D to follow me so so so so badly.
What is the WORST thing that you have to do today? Get it done FIRST!
I'm up....that's not good considering what I have to do today. Sometimes I just wish I didn't care sooo much. I'm the one who gets to suffer
I want to do something special today... But what?!
What to do today??? Huuuummmn....
So what to do today..
Morning people. Last day of 2011. What u going to do today.
Mmmm...... What to do today :/
Start off today right, pray to God and fight the devil by doing what God wants you to do. Remember call on God when your attacked by him.
I dunno what to do today ): , I am not staying at home.
What to do today hmmmm
Dunno what to do today... ;/
Not sure what to do today ? Wanna fit my grill on my car ? But have to take bumper off and everything ...
Feeling weird today, not sure what to do with myself
I wonder what to do today
Only day off from work for another 8 days today, don't really know what to do with myself
dont know what to do with myself today, sitting in my house is so boring..
what to do today? :(
Didn't realize it was NYE today! What to do tonight then???
what to do today, its new years eve.. Sunway lagoon looks tempting!
Hopefully thierry will show this team what its like to be a winner. Big game today, only 3 points will do.
What to do today.....
I'm the boss man at work today. I don't like it. Telling people older than me what to do is not my thang.
Deciding what to do today ???
Ferb I know what were going to do today
What to do today...???
what to do today *hmmm*
What was I meant to do today?
Let's hope today will be good, maybe you won't tell me what to do today over the phone!<3
So...what to do today... :-)
Too much snow to do more than toboggan and throw snowballs... What a shame, looks like we'll have to have fun today!
So we're at home having a cup of coffee & I ask Gem what she wants to do today. She says "let's go into town for coffee in Nero's". Eh?...
what to do today?????????????
I'm all confused of what to do today!x
What to do today ???? ❔❔
What to do today?:-L..
gotta get some motivation to do what i gotta do, can't sit on my arse today.
Back to what i set to do today , sexual dysfunction in male and female .
now, what have I got to do today....
What to do today to try end 2011 on a high?
What to do today hmmmmm
Can't think str8 can someone tell me what I had to do today pls?
Woke up and thought "meh what to do today" AND THEN I REMEMBERED ABOUT TONIGHT :D
idek what to do today..
Went to bed early last night...had to get some rest for today lol yes bitches I'm going in...what they fuck are they gonna do with me
making a list on my phone of what i have to do today, there isn't much which is fabulous.
Goodmorning.. Today its the last day of 2011!  What new nail polish I can do to the new year? XD
What to do today? Purchase movie at VOD channel. Mls nak kua. Huhu. Hubby pon xbangun lagi.
Soooo What Am I Going To do today  ?!!??.....
What to do today ?. It's raining hard & can't think of anything to do.
I told my mum I was bored and don't know what to do today and she said we can go to see PUSS IN BOOTS yeeeeeyyyy☺☺☺ x x x
Oh god I'm not going to be able to do anything tomorrow... today... wait what day is it? FUCK MY LIFE IS RUINED
i have no idea what to do today... :O
confused about this today. what's going to do ?
so... yeah today is the last day in 2011 *thinking* what do you guyz want to do 2day?
What is everybody going to do today :D?
I wonder what im ganna do today? Ayee I sounded like that phinious idk how to spell his name lol
“@MoniqueEKCT: Last day of 2011. What is everyone going to do today?” Poo
Not sure what to do today..
In my bed thinking of what to do today.
At a complete loss as to what to do today. The entire house, is a languishing den of apathy
Got washing to do and wash my hair etc, i just cant be bothered today but woman got to do what woman got to do
think blackburn will do what most clubs do when they play united and roll over. 5-0 to untied today i think
99% sure that the money that's currently in anyone's wallet would barely cover the cost 1% of what you'd like to do today.
What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with the person we are today.
Last day of 2011. What is everyone going to do today?
Not sure what to do today. Can't be bothered to put any petrol in my car so looks like I could be staying in...
i still don't know what to do today
What to do today!!!
What to do today.... more importantly tonight! Anyone know of decent Oakham venue that's not ticketed?
Oohhh what to do today - is it too early to take down Xmas decorations??
Hmmn what to do today
I don't quite know what to do with myself today.
Amazing day today with a beautiful couple. I am too lucky to do what I do! What better way to finish the year off. Happy NYE twitter! :-)
Go 2 church :) "@prittydiva2590: What to do today! Need suggestns"
What to do today! Need suggestns
OMFG! What I do to get 200followers today!? C'mon follow us! Need 26 followers!
What to do today ?! ~
I don't know what to do today. ¿Nothing?
Well, well today is the day 31/12 last day of the year 2011!!! Wow!! Let's see what special thing we can do, to have some fun! Any plans???
Today is the last day of the best year so far. Okay, 2012, accept the challenge and be even better! You know what to do!!
Good morning Twitter and Fbook how are we all this morning very unsure what to do today/tonight if any ones about hit me up
I'm interviewing Coldplay today. What do you want to ask them stars?
I dont know what to do, I have to  work with my dad today and finish  painting that rail, but I feel horrible and have a fever
hmmm... what to do today...?
What to do today at 2:40?.?.?.?
Not sure what to do with myself today. New year spoilt by work tomorrow. Hmmm
Trying to figure out what to do today with the family. Septic being pumped while the kids and I have
Hmmmm what to do today
Be careful what you do today so you can make it to 2012. Be good and repent if you've not cos that's the only way you can make it in life.
im tryin to make a list of what i gotta do today when i get off and only thing on it is sleep
Ohhhh what to do today :/
Was supposed to do last wash-up today but what the heck! It's just another weekend and tomorrow is just another Sunday.
Since I still don't know what to do today. I'll start with taking shower!! That will wake me up.
If you were to die today would someone want to tell your life story? Live life to the fullest. ..do what makes you happy
I feel so sad today and i don´t know what do i need to do for change it¡¡¡¡ I wanna be happy because Today i have a meet with my family
What to do today?!
What are Crues fans gonna do today its shit we must wait to Monday. Saturday is 4 football we can't have a good pint now as we've work tues
Yesterday felt like 31st with all the crazy things I did. Now not sure what to do with today!
The last day of 2011! what are you going to do today? I gotta clean my apartment..But there are always time for some Gaming inbetween!
Mum should get home today! Hysterectomy ain't what it used to be, once someone realised you could do it via the access provided by nature.
Gonna enjoy my day today before work tonight. Now....what to do? Hmmm
What to do with my life today?
Hmmmm....wonder what I can do to screw up the international economy today?
Wants to do something fun today. No idea what though
I wonder what I'm going to do later today.....
i have two tickets for norwich fulham today and no idea what to do with them!
i don't know what to do today might just stay in my pjs all day :)
Had a few things to do today and tottaly forgot what they are
What cars are out for hire today?  .Do you have a car to lease out?
Don't know what to do today.... Guy's at work so can't go anywhere :( x
Better get getting ready only like 12 hours till i gotta go out... WHAT TO DO TODAY
it's your last opportunity to make this year count - what do you need to do or say, be that today!! Happy Old Year
had a great lie in this morning ... what to do today ??
What to do today? Might just tidy my room, when learn some guitar! Either that study... Yeah plan A it is! :D
Just managed to roll myself out of bed.. Had a lovely sleep... Now what to do today?
At the risk of sounding rude, just who the fuck do u think I are to tell me what u expect of me today?
Still in bed husband in shower as he's off too footie today so me and the girls not sure what to do today
I'm going over what I have to do today and I actually have plans. Whoops, I forgot. I should probably head to bed soon.
I cant waste my day today!! What to do ... Hmmn
This is like literally the 100th time today that I was going to do something and then forgot what I was going to do.
cyanideandjd I know they've done better ones, I just wasn't expecting today's to do what it did...Lpfshi
I'm sure I have stuff to do today but I cannot for the life of me remember what it is.
I know what I could really do with to cheer me up. For there to be a cheifs game today.. Oh wait!!
What to do today :-/ xx
'What are we going to do today, Josh?' Same thing we do every day, Twitter. TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD.
Suicide... .“@MzStarrgasms: today is the last day of 2011 - what will you do to make sure you start 2012 off right?”
I don't know what I'm going to do today O_O
Don't know what to do today
No football today, bored!! What to do.....
* im sooo ready for today / tonight ! I have so many back up plans that no matter what I do its going to be good :)
Not sure what to do - feeling lazy today...
really cannot decide what to do today!?!?!
Right instead of lazying around today doing nothing, I'm going to do a you tube cover! .. what song?
Dont know what to do today.....
What to do today or where to go *thinking*
What to do today?? :)
Starting to think about what your going today in 2012. Stop. Consider what makes you happy and do that.
If I see you today,I'm going to ufhfhfhfh,I don't even know what I'm going to do..
I don't know what to do today. Wait, I have so many things to do.  I just don't know which of them should I deal first.
Article in the Guardian today discussing whether people could do a day per week of "no screens" - what do you reckon? I'd like to try it...
Got my to do list for today! And then I don't know what the fuck is happening tonight. Oh well.
Morning,, so what to do today?
do what you need to do today and start it fresh tomorrow! all the best for 2012 enjoy x
3 days off ,what to do today may do some sales shopping
I´m up! It´s New Years eve. What to do today?
Today is the only day of the year that it is acceptable to push off what you can do today, tomorrow .................
Hmmmm what to do today??
What's today? Well it's SPA DAY kids. I'm off to do fuck all for 5 hours in a snuggly robe.
Dunno what to do today.
Q: What do you think about before you sleep? SJ: What i did today, was there anything i failed to do?
What to do today/night!
Since Royal Mail couldn't be arsed to deliver any of my Amazon stuff yesterday, what are the odds do today? Yeah, that's what I thought.
Today's punishment is no trip to tumbletown. They are not happy. That's what happens when you do not share.
Need to do a BIG job on QPR today, get back on track, Henry loan deal will surely give us a boast what do you think?
Thinking of somfin crazy to do today. What what what?
What will you do with today? It doesn't have to be momentous, it's only an arbitrary date, but it might feel good to do something special.
So it's the last day of my 20's... What to do today?
Enough coffee to bring me back to life. What to do today? running out of weather cover options. On with the waterproofs I guess.
High street sales shopping in Westfield today. I'm not allowed to buy non-sale items. But you all know I hate being told what to do. ;-)
No idea what to do today but I know one thing....I cooked enough yesterday, today I refuse :)
I finally decided what I'm going to do today
I wonder what I'm going to do later on today
Yup thanks I'll try that :)@phemikraak: Uuum go out"@dumsymarajkalu: What to do today I really don't know."
Life is not a dress rehearsal. Stop practicing what you're going to do and just go do it. In one bold stroke you can transform today.
What To Do Today..
Uuum go out"@dumsymarajkalu: What to do today I really don't know."
What to do today? There's an errand to be done & might need to do small amount of shopping.
WHAT TO DO TODAY? HELP
What happen my lil lover boy  what been good today got those rack on racks what u want to do today o
What are we going to do today Phines?
I want to do something special today like go countdown or something. but I'm here like, can you see what I'm wearing now.
What to do today? Shall I make sure the house is spotless b4 2012 or watch films.....decisions x
what to do today???think it may be a visit to blockbusters!!
I really don't know what to do for today :/ , might ask what she doing :) lol
I took a cab today . And the driver told me ''I love my job. I own this car ! . No one tells me what to do !. I said ''Turn left please''
What i'm going to do today?
Back down south again, what am I going to do today?
soo, what are people going to do today/tonight?
in response to being asked "Dad, what are we doing today?" I replied "same thing we always do pinky, try to take over the world"
Mornin all so its the last day of 2011. Today is the day to do what you wanted before the end of the year
Idk what ima do today we might invite my fam here or i might go to my uncle's house
What to do today, what to do?
What music do I wanna cook to today......hmmmmm
ferb i know what we are gone to do today
What to do today =-?
Morning! What to do today?
Did my share of womanly duties today. Now too tires to think of what to do tonight. Dayuumm!
hmmm...what to do today
Not sure what to do today, looks like a trip to ventura park.
I'm wondering what to do today!
just tell me do you think what you did today was okay to do? if so dont pay what im saying no mind, you prolli wont anyway.
Gahh what to do today..? Superr dupperrr confused >_<
Mmmm what to do today....
Learnt 2 things today! Stuff that had something to do with biology! 1: A guy dog "thingyyy" can extend twice then what you actually see! :O
Morning! Hmmm what to do today??
Okay, accomplished :D What to do today? Maybe I'll finish last 5 LEDs to my case mod.
What to do today then?!
Ok so learnt to ride a motorbike yesterday, what can I do today to put off marking?
Hmm, what to do today; get the haters off me (:
Preaching today!!! So excited I don't know what to do! Message entitled: "Interrupted to Continue"....Deuteronomy 2:3
Oh what to do today.........
Today is 31/12/2011.. What are you going to do?
What to do today? Cleaning, clearing and organising looks like the plan at the moment...and giving badger a bath!
Good morning from TS17 hard to tell what the weather is going to do Mollydog still snoring no plans for today. Not going out for NYE
i cant wait to wake up tomorrow an do what i did today again [;
i dont even kno what im goin to do today
This lady i been with today , was like "oh shit my teeth comin out" while she was eatin her Big Mac. i swear to God iane had knw what to do
What to do today :Sv
Today is the last day of the year.... Up and downs for me... But on Sunday its new day a new year going to do what i have to do
Still contemplating on what to do today
i got happy earlier today and then i got tired. i cant stop thinking about love and i cant sleep so what to do
Another winter day here in cloudy Zante, New Years Eve....hmmm what to do today?
what to do today.........
To Meadowhell today, what do you recommend buying?
So wondering what am I'm going to do today.... unpack or clubin....or both
What to do today.... (".__.)
What are we goin to do today ? SHOOOOOOOOPPING , PLSSS !
Today Is The Last Day Of The Year & all I Have To Say Is Thank U Jesus For What You Have Done Doing & About To Do In This 2012 Yr Of My Life
2012 is here, what are  you going to do today everyone. i hope it be good new  year evy and have wonderful new year  people.
I've no plans today. And I'm super bored. What to do?
Up so early what to do with all the extra hours today!
2012 is coming..lets built better 2moro start today............what we can do to built better 2moro?
What to do today....???
Morning thanks for tea in bed Sarah now what to do today ???
Sometime today I'm gonna tell my mom what I've been doing to myself before I actually do end up killing myself. I need help :'(
I saw apart of me i haven't seen in years today and i didn't like it. I am better than that. so confused right now i don't know what to do
dont know what to do today lol
Lots to do today to get ready for tonight. Firstly, what to wear?!?!?
I don't know what I should say, but I do what I want to do. I never mind for it whenever today is.
What Is Their To Do ToDay
still have no idea on what to do today.............
Ask yourself what your going to do today. But more importantly how are you going to do it?
Need something to do today... Have no plans what so ever
New Year's Eve. I'm not really sure what I'm doing tonight but mum wants to go out today. I have so much revision to do though.
ok done the orientation today.......what to do now?
What to do..today vele?
WHAT TO DO TODAY?? CRAZY ASS STUFF!! && PARTTAAYY!!
Last minute dash// What do you need to pick up today? Eyelashes, pyjamas or party shoes?... Great news! Our stores are open 9-6pm today....
What am I going to do today ;o
Paycheck today and I dont know what to do with it :/
Trying to better myself: Keiara told me today, I'm doing what people used to do to me .....
What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with who we are today.
Next year is a long way to go, no one will remember what you do in the last day of the previous one. Which happends to be TODAY ;)
I'm tired of siting around thinking well what are you up to today? Do you love me more today, maybe a little less?
"what happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today."
no work tomorrow, got my paycheck today, what to do?
My mom's giving me the look 'i know what you're going to do today missy'. No mom, i'm clean today ;-(
Oh crap. Both pups have tummy upsets...you should HEAR the noises they're making. Unsure what to do..just water today?
What happened in the past that was painful has alot to do with what we are today
"What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do w/ what we r today" ~ William Glasser
Ok so today I forgive people,all they got to do is say what they've always wanted to say to me Good or bad and I'll forgive
Day off? hmm what to do today...?
“What happened in the past that was painful has a great deal to do with what we are today...
What happens in our pasts may be painful, but it has a great deal to do with who we are today!! ~William Glass
What happened in the past that was painful, has a great deal to do with who you are today...
What happened to us in r past that was painful , has something to do with who we are today!
Today is the last day of 2011........what to do?
today @ 23:59 if I hear a sound of a guitar... Lord knows what imma do to my Sound System
Today is the best day to do what I call Friendship Analysis
"@iAmParadoxical: What to do today?!" *clearin my thoat so u knw I'm here*
Got some good advice today on what to do
Why do I need to work today:(? I'd much prefer have a lie in, do nothing all day and then I'd be rested for tonight..Oh well what can yeh do
I think i know what to do today. Okay.
Up early with the girls, what to do today? 5 & 2 - any suggestions?
hey friends what are yu doing for new years eve today i got nothing to do today i need to make a plan friends
- Staying in silence is so much worse than just telling you I love you. So today, that's what I'm going to do.
Very hard thing to do I wish I was never told what I was told today.
Soooooo everyone talking about what they're doing tomorrow well today. But I still don't know what I'm going to do. -__-
What to do today? Hmmmm
Right what do I have to do today... Not much it seems, a day of DVDS looks likely
William Glasser wrote - what happenend in the PAST was PAINFUL.. Has a GREAT deal to do with what we are today!!! -Criminal Minds
no new years honour for me, i worked christmas day and again today. What more do i need to do?
everytime I see Jordan this semester i'mma say to that nigga "Jordan I know what were going to do today"
7:07 AM wow no sleep once again... oh well what to do today?
Glad I got to spend the entire day throwing up. Definitely what I wanted to do today. Yeah.
Up to what time are the malls open today? Need to do some last minute shopping
Rolling around like some crazy ball thinking what to do today
New Years Eve .. -____- if I don't get to do what I want today its gonna be a problem for someone kmt
I Wonder What I'm Going To Do Today.......
All my niggas know ima love em to da grave I love hearin bout what my haters gotta say tomorrow I hope I dont do what I did today
I didn't get to do what I wanted to today =(
Congratulations to the Cumbrians named in today's New Years Honours - thank you for what you do for our communities
Dunno what to do today :/
2 nd person today to tell me I'm not ur mom, do what u want! Do u think I listened to my mom? Uh- uh!! Fuck no
You know what most of y'all are going to do today? ...not I!!!
I finished reading The Hunger Games series earlier today. Now I have no idea what to do with my time. Why can't there be more books?!
Today: What we are dreaming of is something to do Next Year. .Tomorrow: What we had dreamed of was something we done Last Year.
What am i going to do with $70 for today?. Parents off to malaysia :(.
hmm why am I too lazy -____- what to do today before new year's eve? i mean tonight. hmmm
Hmm what to do today??
Everything I saw today reminded me of what I wanted to do to you <3 (; believe me. I saw tons and tons of chainsaws.
So what I tend to do is to think... of today... as the past
Wonder what i'm going to do today!
Dont wait til next year to do what you can do today haha
"What would you do today if you know you wont fail? Then go to do it"
Good morning everyone,last day of 2011,what are you planning to do today and tonight for the last day,let me know.
What would you do today of you knew you weren't going to fail? Now Go Do It!
Today is the last day of 2011. What will you do to make it count? Let us know!
Last free night for students (like me of course)☹ 'cause tomorrow will be fixin' time for school stuffs..let's bring it on!!☺
Happy time, free motion quilting on my Piece o Cake Vines quilt while I listen to podcasts, nice cup of tea ready to hand.
Saturday samples time:  more chocolate yumminess from Neal Brothers - Gaga gluten free cookies!
I left I don't have time for that shit I can do my own hair for free
Ugh, can't find any free time to tweet so much :(
One day we all depart, on a journey free of coast, don't worry abt seat reservation, it is all confirmed, & flight is always on time (1)
biology poject, why do you have to consume all my free time!?!!!! :{
I dont talk to no one dont talk about no one whole time im over here by myself thinkin im drama free my name in the mist of everything smh
Unass my free time. Just cuz u don't have shit else to do, don't mean I wanna devote my free time to u.
I am free. Now time to rest for tonight (:
Abusing the free 3 hours of internet. Skype time with siblings.
happy 'time to put up the free bamboo strip calendar from the chinese takeaway place' eve!!!
It's new years eve and pple showing they ass in dothan,al... Robberies and free for alls every time you look. Strap up tonight if you go out
I wish I could drive.. I would have soo much more free time
what kind of time is everybody free?
It's officially party time at Main Event! Come on in to celebrate the new year. Kids get FREE face painting & more where available.
If you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?
finally got free time to use phone. been driving around for almost 2h, noob MAX. take train also better
Young, wild and free, don't care about me, this is the time that we can make mistakes.
Last year this time, bringing in a new year my heart was broken smh bt this year its just better dont regret it cuz im free of him!
Crown A' Thornz album Core-A-Nation drops for free tonight at midnight! Get a copy and enjoy it's been a long time coming! Happy 2012 Ya'll!
Want to free up some of your time? Unload your burdens! Delegate and systematize activities counterproductive to your dreams & aspirations.
If you want to waste some time, seriously check out Temple Run in the AppStore. Addictive and very good concept for a free game.
Get and Give Free Gifts and Instant Commissions at the same time! [Open in new window]
If It Happens, Im Forever Grateful Bc Nothing Is Free... Either Someone Wasted Time Or Money To Accommodate Another & I Value That
Today I'm free completely free for the first time in months and yet I decided to study! 14 jan Plz come faster
Should be a stress free time but it's not hopefully things settle soon don't need the stress right now :(
ways to smoke for free: act like you don't smoke at all people always wanna be the first to get someone high for their first time idk why?
I hate missing the parties for family things that spend all my money and use my free time
Need to find time to do my homework between now and tuesday ... Only free day is monday but now I might be seeing chris and becca .. Oh crap
for the last time , I'm free to what ever the fuck I wanna dooo >.<
He seems to think that just because someone touches him he deserves a free kick well you won't get it every time so play on until ...
She gave us free food all the time because we never disrespected her or atleast that's what she said
Today I'm going to try and get my 900th tweet. Feel free to tell me to shut up at any time :)
Hopefully some time soon, maybe if your at home(in nuneaton) when I finish college early or have free periods we could meet in town? :)xxxxx
Road trip to Blackpool for 2 nights yipppeeeeeee kid free weekend for the first time In 3years - but missing them already
As much as I like my Adipure's it's time for a pair of Nike Free's
Finally I have some free time to get that bitcoin S. gave me for my birthday. Getting those first few blocks take some time.
Goodmorning:)--time to finish my art pp, so i wll be free tonight and all of next week
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself.
In my free time when nobody is around i like to cover myself in vaseline and pretend i'm a slug
Off to the laundry mat for me! An cleaning finally got some free time
Im about to have odee free time... i might as well become a rapper, lmao
Whatever your plans for tonight I wish you well & hope u have a great time. We will be onduty to ensure you have a trouble free night. Phil
What's 'guilt-free' partying? I mean, par-tay-ing ;-) “@MrKapeTown: A couple of last-minutes and then it's time for guilt-free PAR-TAY-ING!”
Gonna get up I guess... Work at 4... Don't wanna waste my free time. :-P
I just fired my whole roster now its time to start the year free and clear 2012
Making good use of free time at work.. Which is the whole time
Every time I find that yet another money-as-fuck name is free on SWTOR I almost orgasm.
the movie finished earlier than i thought and now i have one and a half hours of free time
New Years eve, safe in my home,warm, free, and rapped in the love of my family. The best New Years eve that I have had in a very long time.
UrsTruly_Nikky well never say no to a free meal! so next time one should ask you out to dinner and w ipad cases
Life is like 20 minutes of free WiFi. You wish you had way more time...but let's be honest: you'd just use it to look at pictures of cats.
I've decided not to study 2day but the issue is what 2 do with my free time
Last time, sarip ajak gi event mkn free icecream. Turned out event fara fauzana. -_-  nsb baik ustaz azhar ni entertaining. Zizan pn hado!
A couple of last-minutes and then it's time for guilt-free PAR-TAY-ING!!!
My free promo came to an end...Justin Time is still only $1...reviews are glowing...Happy new year everybody.
Only 3 more hours at work and I shall be free!! But also jobless for the second time this year :(
Pampusky, it's time to work on tomorrow's feast. The chocolate "salami" is already done, & the gluten-free wild mushroom dumplings? Prepped.
Niggas ain't NEVA on time unless its free at the club till 1130
I think it's about time that my sister realises I don't just buy all my clothes for her benefit so that she can enjoy having a free wardrobe
My last tweet lol. I really have to much free time.
bad things happen when i have too much free time.
Who even has that much free time!
2012 drama free never had time for the bullshit
Who wants some free samples of NY Pretzels?!  It's a great time to come in a try a new flavor like Danish, Apricot, Nut or Cinnamon!
GET IN!!!!!!! De Gea expects a free kick every time because he's too much of a wuss to claim a ball
Eager to hear next months 11secclub audio. I'll have some free time in January so I would like to participate :)
i don't really like to be around people who i don't hang out with on my free time. you should know better you are uninvited if i didn't ask.
I hate when people promote their cd's on the road then after they finish talking they tell me it ain't free fu*kin waste of time
I do not remember what I did with my free time before Twitter.
glad i got free crib cause im not bout to get dress no time soon....
Free travel in City tonight so no excuse for drinking & driving  Hope you all have a good time & the raves aren't locked off
If anyone wants a free puppy, you can usually find a few swimming in the canal around this time of year.
Ariana made our world!!!! Trend it!!! She's been so nice and sweet!!!! She does free concerts,makes time for us,etc
Happy New Year's Eve! Have a great time closing out 2011 but please celebrate responsibly! Free rides home thanks to Miller --->...
Have To Go Now ~ Trying to Get in the Mood of Exams -_-" See You all when I have A free Time X( Take Care everyone ♥
De Gea has to claim for a free kick every time he misses the ball because he's so shit.
create passive income that is  really income tax free. and also pay your taxes with at the same time...l plant edible plants and veggies
New beastie 87 books - half free, half prev bought. Huzzah! Cannot get over how LIGHT it is. Reading in comfort for first time in years!
dog im pumped i really hope this trip happens be the first time ive done something stress free in awhile if i go bet nobody call me for shit
“@cybellecaramba: In 2012, I will return to my bookworm self. It'll be a year of book hauling.” - We'll find free time. We will. :D
I need to find something else to do in my free time other than tweet.
Last night the Bulls shot 85% from the line taking at least 30 free throws for the first time since New Year's Eve 2009.
i have some free time so im going to tweet all my followers a happy new year (this is going to take awhile) xxx
I Said Ga Ga Ga Go DJ I See You Got Tht Jizzle On Replay, Juss Keep Tht Jizzle On Repeat, Its Bout Tht Time EryBdy Scream Free Meech !
It's about time I am free
So that's how I been sex free since may. Its just too damn hard to find time, dealin wit work and a damn 2 year old. So fuck it.
Ever since Netflix added himym I've spent most if my free time watching the series all over again. lPjWRnY
Is free for the next three days and the rest of 2011 :) time to go home and chill for a few hours :)
It's cool to see AAA and others doing free ride programs for drunkards tonight, but it'd be even better if it was like that all the time...
The world is filled with cutlery injustice and I want to cut the world free one customer at a time
Slamet Riyadi rameee. It's car free night time.
You Can Make Money Online Companies Are Giving Away Free Cash For Some Of Your Time.
Time to let go! Free as a bird! The future looks very very very bright.
Black people can't ever be on time even when it's free. Smh.
Hey, i have free time right now, wanna talking something? Umm maybe about Sungmin. What is your opinion abt Sungmin oppa? *NY
When I go to sleep , its like the only time of the day I can be worry free
My first truly free time since I left for ATL. To do: cleaning, dishes, sort trip photos, arrange May trip w/parents. Um. Wait a sec...
Keep up2date by txt!Simply txt Foxyfitness (no space in-between) to 07786 200690 -it's FREE 2 get txts & u can opt out at any time you wish!
Take time to dream, moments to meditate, free your mind, quiet your soul, energize your life
I free up space, time, energy and money, transforming clients daily life and give them a renewed sense of pride in their surroundings - you?
Feel free to RT that question if you can spare the time.
Christmas AND New Year off? What to do with all this free time?
Tax time legggooo can u say free money lol
I just got free Happy New Year MMS from Maxis. For the first time, I love you Maxis!! LOL
What time is travel free from?
Rise n Grind$$$ Twit Fam...Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time...FREE WADE!!!
In my free time, I read..
Free my niggas..yall got anotha year behind yall so only time will tell..you another day,week,month, and year to ya freedom...#salute
hey remember that time when I spent $80 on a cnblue concert only to miss it for a free SJ schedule instead? hahaha. Oh dear.
Canapé shopping done , time to make these bad boys!  .Free bubbly is getting nicely chilled, .NYE tickets still available !!
So when are you guys free to discuss my disappointingly small underwear collection? Now? Is now a good time?
Its about time everybody scream " FREE MEECH " . .
HEY TATE FEEL FREE TO CRY OVER MY DRUGGED-UP CORPSE ANY TIME
Mission Day 3: Talk went well, having free time was nice. .Mission Day 4: Day off :D. Epic NYE Party with the team.
2011 was rushed, 2012 I'm gone take my time doin shit .... An easy, yet peaceful, stress free year..cT6Ij6
Be the time everybody scream free MEECH!!!
New year?where's my dad when new year come?I just wish he has a free time from his business and spend new year with his family.
...now if I was to have free time&spend it tal...nvm. On another note: I forgot to tell him to get mayo. FRICK!
The thing with me being free is that I neglect the work. Big time.
aw aw ladsh got David guettas party mix for free off d app store just on time for new years party aw sorted xoxox
When I was younger I used to say I can't wait till I'm busy now that I'm busy I just want free time.
Im not even gonna be mad Im leaving all the bull shit in 2011 and beginning my year stress free I dont have time for the games anymore
January 3RD...! PATRIOT Venue: No 6 Okocha cresent parkview estate ikoyi....! Time: 12 to 8 Gate fee: 1k5 for guys..! FREE FOR GIRLS
I've got some time to kill, if your free and your willing?
HAPPY NEW YEAR . Peace + health + love... never give up your dreams, smile all the time and enjoy every moment!!! Be free! I LOVE YOU (:
It's a free time untill going to the tolling of temple bells on New Year's Eve... anyone call or text me.
I just earned the award 'First Time' in Unblock Me FREE: "Jeeej ! :)"
"In your free time, you will choose who to hang out with. If you were to show me your friends, I could tell you your future."
Free kick. Please, this time, Nani, whip it in.
Proper free kick this time please.
There is only one place to be tonight!! Linekers is going off BIG TIME! Free entry all night, get down for the best party in the port x
Sitting in First Class for the first time. Glad these tickets were free cuz if not my stingy senses SV9
I'm looking forward to 2012. God willing and the Mayans are wrong, this time next year, I'll be debt free. Unicorn burgers for EVERYONE!
Did I just trade free time for hammer time did I blow all of my money baby hammer time
Gotta say this one last time in 2011 -- FREE SABY!!
The first time in my life, celebrating the new year eve in Jakarta, but I wanna join car free night in Solo :(
Last session 2day then the cards-cats game then free time can'twait
8:30am, new years eve, Miami, time to go hit the weights. A wonderful day to be alive, happy, joyous, and free!
as I am bored, I shall live-tweet my grandma's new year party. Feel free to ask me to stop at any time.
The saddest thing about this journey is I'm living 3 months makeup free. A makeup detox time!
It's time for you to be free.
Slowly setting everything up. Zomg. Need more free time!
I got like 10 mins of free time
Professor lupin just gives harry chocolate for free all the time :/. he's so lucky :(
Ryan Gosling... feel free to marry me at any time.
even in my free time i'm busy getting rich!!
I have had too much free time.
So ii had ma girls fa Christmas....ii guess deyy can go wit deyy Teedy fa New Years imma miss dem doe....but imma njoy ma free time
"hmph =( why some other time seyh ?" ."i seriously tak free nari" ."eu mcm tk cian kn ii je =(" .STOP WITH YOUR TYPING LA ASSHOLE
Nani should devote 100% of the time he trains to master free kicks. Damn it.
"This coming JYP Alpha Audition is free"  LOL you mean next time need to pay??!?!
For those who celebrate new year, happy new year eanjoy and behave yourself, who got free time please go to dataran shah alam :-)
This is it! In less than 12 hours I become a full time free agent!!!!!
It's about time,make the move,free yourself rather than that weight...u know what i mean...enjoy.
My time has come, and so I'm gone. To a better place, far beyond. I love you all as you can see. But it's better now, because I'm free.
i hope everyone is having a great time! feel free to read the thank you note from J1 and J2 i posted just now lol...
its bout the time everybody scream "free meech"!!
Possibly the worst free kick of all time right there?
I thought I started work at 2pm, I start at 5pm apparently. :( What am I going to do with all of this free time?
Okay , free kick time.
spend some time reassessing and working it through in my head. I can't elaborate and stay spoiler free, but this kind of stuff is the +
Kinda good that all my bills are due around the same time so I can have free checks for the rest of the month.!
Saying goodbye once and 4 all... 2 some people that spent far 2 much time living in my head and heart rent free...!
Kid free til Sunday....I really need this time
tonight will be the night. Free your mind and all of your pain and struggleWe gon party one more time like its 1999 . - Akon
Who tryna chill before this party? Tryna make free time go away
The day went off finally and am completely free now! .Its time to be with family and loved 1'c <3 .30 mints more and I'l be home:))
love having all this free time
Trains and buses are free today LOOOOOOL okok time to take advantage
At least Delt given free wi fi time so I can tweet lol
not only am i not doing something i enjoy, i dont get paid enough or have enough free time to do what i enjoy, sucktastic
Barbeque time! Feel free to join :)
That reminds me, I'm jailbroken... Time to say goodbye to free echofon! Switch to Pro pra may notifs.. XP
I eat babies and porcupines. I also kill mammoths in my free time.
These people with fake celebs twitter r so lame! Lol .Get a life, I mean how much free time u gotta have to deal with 3 or 4 twitter accts?
All of my free time is spent doin stuff for others, my job is shit and un-fulfilling..my new years resolution? Change it!!
RT "@EvelynLozada Ladies if your man didn't come home what would u do??" <-- I'd Take The Opportunity To Enjoy My Free Time ..
Last day of the year, time to wash away the bullshit & go into 2012 free
I appear to have worked the last two months for free after my pay has not materialised. Not a good time of the year to be pay-less!
Last time I went on the stadium tour I had too behave cos I had Carly with me  this time am free to do what I want .
The Prophet (saw) said, "There are two blessings which many people lose: (They are) Health and free time for doing good."
Greed will take away everything the soul requires to be free. Men with PHD's still ungrateful challenging the creation of time like fools.
Motherfucker, what do you take me for? One of your 2 faced shameless dignity free whores? Well think again,cause this time,it aint the same.
For the first time I used up all my free outgoing call minutes and left with free texts and data.
Even if the Chinese leave nothing but ashes, Tibet will rise from these ashes as a free country even if it takes a long time to do so.
WELL!! IT'S NYE GUYS & GIRLS!! U ALL KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS!!! TIME TO GET ON IT!!!! HUGE TUNES, MASSIVE DEALS AND U KNOW IT'S FREE...
Free glass of wine for all who join our last "El Valpo Walk" walking tour of the year.  12:30 pm start time at the San Luis Church.
RT“@MMAsmae: Be true. Be unique. Be free. Be yourself. Because time is too short to be something you're not.”
Be true. Be unique. Be free. Be yourself. Because time is too short to be something you're not.
I'm free and I must be going to sleep now.... New Years tomorrow, time to drink
Can I look like Charlotte Free and go back in time and marry Bam in 2004 please?
i finally have free time. keke. ^^ was busy. guess 2011 is ending and everyone's busy huh? ~Rei
Can't upload my cover... :( Wahaha..That's what I do when I have nothing to do yet there's a lot of free time...MAKING COVER SONGS!
Okay enough of free wi-fi... time to join Pokhara Fest... Jai Ho!
Can I please get free from asking in every time I go somewhere. I don't want someone to really know where I am.
Very funny on reflection although painful at the time. Lesson learnt: Snow + Alcohol do not mix. Free Ice Skating at least!
Heartcahe-free for 2012 coz' this time I will not allow any man/gays to break my heart.:)
This time last year I was holding my dads hand as I said goodbye. Rest in peace and a happy and pain free new year to you wherever you are.
Young, Wild, and Weed. Oh, and Free haha all this time i been singing it rong. Smh -__-
Damn I hate this shit bruh, only if father time granted us ONE Back-Track-For-Free Pass, everything would be fine
If only he was patient enough to dis time when I'm extremely free "all would have been worth d wait bro..Deuces..
I'm jus a lonely heaux with no free time and 140 characters might be the greatest words EverFom
Amazing idea strikes anytime, even in inopportune moments, but my creativity refuses to compromise and jive with my free time.
I also yesterday ordered Zumba for myself with free delivery so it would arrive some time next week to give me a chance to complete Zelda
Headache free for the first time in the morning
Son has gone to visit my mum for two days. I've never had so much free time, I'm at a loss of what to do with it.
if i had a pound for every time someone asked me if i get free cakes from work, i'd be rich
Going church at 11:30pm. Heck load of free time afterwards!
207 newsletter sign ups since yesterday, it's a great time to organise your 2012 fitness plan folks, get your FREE workout calendar & nutri…
Watching Story Line: Best of 2011. Jojo Viray, a scavenger, is amazing. He reads books in his free time and he speaks fluent English.
Mehn the road is as free as the air we breath, hw i wish Lagos is like this all the time
Enjoying my last 2 days of free time before plunging into 12 straight days of year end cycle!
Yea I def need sum1 to occupy my free time this single shit is boringgggggggggggg...
BLOODLINE Presents GRIME-TIME BEST OF 2011 FREE CD OUT NOW  . .28 TRACKS 60 mins Featuring ALL BIG NAMES  . .HOLLA @ ME AND RT PLZ
yea. like what i said last time. im not free on line.=)
I wish I'm still in 90's. Being free and fun all the time. Friends are the only way to get entertainment,not internet.
Imma have hella free time now
Today's been the 1st pain-free day I've had in a long time... I hope it lasts.
So attempted to connect my hands free again. Might have done it this time ? Why didn't I think to take it to Darlo and let Chris sort it .
Time wash up and lay it down, boi I'm tiyed den a fat bitch chasing a free meal. Lol
NewDKnit heehee you make me laugh, sooo much free time to knit in!
Snapseed is free for a limited time (universal photo editing app for iOS)
When holiday, satnite, nu year eve and other so called free time only mean 3 words for me.......ngendon di kamar *tepok jidat
Everyday we trap ourselves in sin, yet e'day You never fail 2shower ur Rahma&Barakah &free us frm a blackened heart each time we turn 2 You.
EVERY TIME I HIT DA BLUNT I THINK ABOUT MY NIGGA REN.....FREE MY ACE I MISS YA
First time coming to a massage parlour with free WiFi :)
AH screw you :P lol hope you having a great time ! :) "@LeriBeri: ..........As I tweet from Phuket......(Free WiFi muthaphukers :-D"
I got bitten by the free software bug in February of 1998 around the time of the Mozilla announcement. - Andy Hertzfeld
. quess ill qo to sleep now , hope i make it up in time to qo to the free breakfast thinq in the lobby .
Just got home. What a quiet evening. Firecracker-free New Year for the second time since that gas leak happened.
Mari memulai "leisure" dlm teori thorstein veblen atau "free time" dlm istilah theodor adorno
Dear Eliot of Leverage, 1) do no almost cry ever again, my heart cannot take it. 2) feel free to Matrix slide any time, any where. Thanks.
David Guetta is the 12 days free iTunes download today, couple of songs not the actual person. About time for .Something good.
I've had a lot of free time on my hands lately!!
Being care-free is honestly the best feeling.. not worrying about ANYONE but yourself and enjoying YOUR time doing what YOU want to..
At the end of the day, whoever you gave your free time to had something over you.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages. -Terry Pratchett
Go to the store and search for "Force Control Widget", "Data Counter Widget", "3D compass", "Countdown widget" and "World time widget". Free
4 respondents so far. If possible, please RT the survey (yeah.. if it is possible and you have free time to RT lulz)
Getting my degree on my own time. Education connection matched me with the right colloge for FREE! Get connected for free (free) lmao!
Got my organic free range ham de-salting on my hob ready for tonight. Party time yeah
About time this shit free me
Back to work. Holla. 2more hours in this hoe and I'm home free! I miss Doreans Teddy! & Cuddle Time :)
Free buses in cardiff for NY! Wow. Wish they'd do that in devon...free dartmoor link necessary. Might be mum to the rescue time!
It feels like i am in a prisoner. And by funny things I am free for a little time and then i am back in the prisoner. Soo is life
for once i have all the free time in the world and no one wants to see me, sod's law at it's finest.
End of year compilation cd time! If anyone whatsoever would like a free cd of lovely new 2011 musics then please send me your address,merci!
sooo, this is seconD time I Done went to mcDonalDs anD got free hashbrowns from the same person lol
Oh god I'm tired! Very tired with this!!!! Щ(ºДºщ) no holiday, no free time!
Got a free drink, had such a good time, and it was a good way to end the year (:
The Aggrolites - "Free Time"            Love the new Ska
"And I know I said my hands were tied. Times have changed and now i find i'm free for the first time..."
That's a risk I'm willing to take, freedom isn't free, & the Tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of Patriots.
What's pathetic about us Arabs, as we spend more time fighting about how are we going to free Palestine, than actually doing it...
Good time read a screen motivation touch up follow bit Free/Game on light  .Family comp just front message very local media grind Friday RT
herrpderrrppp. my free time is too short so i stay uppp :|
I got some free time! XD
Please feel free to ring/text me at any time of the day, as I'll be in Newcastle visiting my Gran in her care home!
I am too lazy and I like foods, and I like my free time too much to spend it working out!
If For A Minute He Can Feel Free To Occupy His Time With A Hoe , Bby It Aint For U
When I start working I'm not gone have time to tweet or do boring. But when I do I wanna spend all my free time with someone special..
Brand new iPhone ! Apple replaced my old one for free cause "my home button didn't work all the time
This guy getsbutthurt cause guys talk to me like I got time to deal with that .. I'm single , means I'm a free bird!
I don't think I have been this stress free in a long time. No worries, no nothing. I love it (:KJDg
Mentions are for chumps. Plus it's 4am so it's mention free time.
The movie In Time is actually pretty great. I don't know if it's been done before, but if not it quite an idea. A money free world! 4/6!!
Its time to let you go, so I could be free .
Time is more valuable than money. But mfkkas stay actin like they just gon grab some free.
Tickets gone now that's the last time I offer use lot anything for free
Free them G's by the way & I would say they names... but snitching at all time high & I'm afraid....
Things I Do In My Free Time…Eat,Tweet,Eat,Sleep,More Tweeting And If Im  Lucky Sex
Now that I'm single, I got all the free time to play video games
Keep that jizzle on repeat it's bout that time everybody scream FREE MEECH !!
i free my mind one puff at a time ;-*
It's December 31, 2011 at 06:00PM, time to have a rest. Enjoy your free time :))
Free from this world here for the last time oceans collide inside of us all
I'm gonna start selling all year long I just decided, who needs free time. Plus I love money, I love it alot.
Mark E Smith. Trending-ah. About time-ah. Free Range-ah.
Alright sickkkkkk! The buses are running at this time now :) and they're free! Fucking stoked not a lot of walking involved for me
Hate when he's with his "boys" -_- but whatever. His free time when I'm gone
2012 resolution: don't let so much free time of life moving into trash,,, I must learn about how to manage the limited time,,,
there's one time sims social gave out 25 simcash for free =) man 25 simcash worth a lot
We have to shoot more free throws. And they have time. Great.....GwE
the night time is when im most productive. glad to be free for a while
