Today is new years eve? What??? Didn't even realize it with all this stuff going on!
So what is everyone doing to see the New Year in then? I'm going for a drink with a friend then home for curry with husband. Rock on!
What the freaking hell is going on with twitter on my laptop?!
What the hell is going on with this stupid app
What the hell is going on with my twitter o_O
What the hell is going on with my twitter :(
what th hell is going on with twitter?
Hadeeeh, what bloody hell is going on with u my team? :(
What is going on with my twitter and tweetdeck? :S
and watford are up 4-1? what is going on with the world?
yall wanna know what i think is going on with the weather and all this global warming stuff?
"Hey, this is your 'God-Complex' speaking. Are we going to carry on with this or what?"
WTF is going on in LA with all this arson. I hope they catch the mother fucker and soon! what an asshole!
Great, the private server i'm on is down, now what else am i going to do with my life, loljk i don't have a life
What is going on?!?! My Timeline has been taken over by tweets from somebody with a frog as their picture.....
What is going on with Leeds united. This is brutal. Problem is def at the very top tho.
What the fcuk is going on with Manchester United? To lose 2 - 3 at home to the bottom placed team is nothing short of embarrassing!!
what is going on with the streams?
In cinema with my daughter 'watching' something about chipmunks. The plot is far too sophisticated for me. What the fuck is going on?
sammyk88 What the hell is going on with your phone. notahappybestfriend.
What is going on with man u wowza
What the fuck is going on at OT unable to watch it due to Wong at friends with no sky
Finally decided on what tattoo I'm going to get, and then my mum is like "I'm coming with you when you go out, I need to buy some things"
what on earth is going on with Leeds United !!!! not happy at all
Wait what's going on with Fallfromglory if Joel is actually quitting tomorrow I'm going to cry
I CANT OPEN MY J2O BOTTLE WITH MY TEETH OMG WHAT IS GOING ON
Idk what tf is going on with SPRINT!!
Lol what the hell is going on with Manchester United?!
What the fuck is going on with this game of football?
what... is... going on with the sound??
What the hell is going on?  Blackburn 3-2 Manchester United with 10 min left
What is going on with my battery ?
I'm over here with a sore throat and I'm breathing like an asthmatic four year old. What the hell is going on
What the hell is going on with blackberry!
I can't begin to describe to you how inadequate the air conditioning in the gym was today. WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOU WINTER?!?
what's going on with UKISS? I get that MBC is a bitch but why?
I'm so happy to be going on this trip with my family. :) This is exactly what I needed.
What is going on with Nani today??
Cant believe with all thats going on in my life right now, the thing I'm concerned about is what colour I should paint my nails for tonight.
What the fuck is going on with The Yak here like ?? He fucks of from Everton and starts to bang them in for Blackburn.
Can someone please tell me what is going on with the Daveed game??
What the heck is going on with united lol ...... Let them lose
What is going on with United 2day?
Holy mother of God!!! What the hell is going on with our defense!!!!
What the hell is going on with Man U...
I don't know what is really going on with this stomach. Its killing me
Yakubu with his 2nd. 2-0 to Blackburn. What the fuck is going on?!
What the fuck is going on with Anderson's hair!?
Just found a boozer with ESPN, what the hell is going on at Old Trafford?
Foodcourt in Changi airport t3 is crowded with ppl, what's going on here ?
Cant believe we made it through Christmas & New Years with no snow. What is going on with the world?
What is going on with my Blackburn Rovers? Bottom of table, leading 1-0 at Man U at half, week after drawing at Liverpool.
So RockstarGames what exactly is going on with "Curly Bob" here? gta3 on iPhone
There's a guy with a cat on the train... What is going on?!
Last day of 2011(party),but somehow the feel to it is't right..there is no snow .What's going on with this world?! O_O
dili ko k-compose ug mga shoutout ug comment! what's with this thing called facebook is going on?!!!
What's this thing with twitter men and wedges, men have opinions on women's shoes now? WTF is going on?
3 Minutes of Old Trafford time.  What is going on with the time keeper?
What is going on with U-KISS
What the hell is going on with united
Oh jeez, just remember we are going to see "an inspector calls" with the school. ON MY FKIN BIRTHDAY! what is life
What is going on with Man U now? Blackburn really?
Nani what the fuck is going on with your finishing!
What is going on with Nani's hair? Someone got clippers for Christmas
What the shit is really going on with Berba?
Everyone is suddenly becoming obsessed with Asking Alexandria all of a sudden... What the fuck is going on?
“@talkSPORTDrive: What is going on with West Ham?????” they are shit end of
What is going on with West Ham?????
Anyone know what is going on with the power in Meadowbrook.
happy new year.  wonder which house around me is going to set themselves on fire with fireworks. What would be it like if they where legal.
what is going on with u-kiss
What is going on with the picture from Old Trafford? Missing out on all the defending we are doing!!
Mike Dean is total sh*te referee!! What going on with these ref these days!! Such a bellend!!
what is going on with MBC camerawork?? >_> they keep filming random areas..
united playing with no confidence against the bottom team, what is going on..
I was with my friend today just going on about "what is life though" lol
Why am I going to work out on a saturday morning at 9 am... And on new years eve? What is wrong with me?!! Ugh
C'mon UTD!! I want another 5!! On a different note.. What the hell is going on with that Blackburn jersey?? The state of it.
What the fuck is wrong with me. This has been going on for the past week
working with the public can be loads of fun, except those times when they are too stupid to understand what is going on and they blame you
Don't know what the fuck is going on with my hair today.. Mucca, Mucca, Mucca....
Also, what's going on with Florence? Because everyone and their mother is gawking over her. Explain.
What is going on with Beat Burger???
What is going on? 4-4-2? Probably end up with Kitson playing on the wing.
What is going on . I feel like I've been climbed by a thousand ladder enthusiasts with nothing but string steps and bullet proof socks
Heaven knows what our midfield and attack is going to look like though. Valencia finally in the middle with Welbeck on the left?
What is going on with my timeline this morning? It's full of Daily Mail retweets & links! What happened to you all?
l'arc ♥ hyde, WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOUR HAIR
Now two dudes are fighting over Doritos! . What the heck is going on with the world! .Chill we will buy more
Morning! Will someone tell me what is going on with Rochelle and Marvin? :)
nice to sit and read twitter timeline and catch up with what everybody is doing, some great new year eve preparations going on!
What in the chuff is going on with my timeline?
Aye cariko! I don't know what's going on. Brother is being bitchy in the hall, sister is texting someone & in fighting with the nephew.
I have no idea what is going on with the Xavier Basketball team thissucksemX
Idk what is going on with myself
What is going on with the world around me!!!????
Follow FB for the Cheaters story and what is going on ,,the truth with documents, that will shock all with hearts and mind,,
I'm confused with what is going on on my TL right now. someone please inform me lol
Hoping 2012 is good to me and I can figure out what is going on with my body! We are on a good path so far, just have to keep it that way.
what is going on with these late nights ??
What is going on with this world? People killing, raping, cheating and etcr1Y
verizonwireless What's going on with iPhone activation, please? All I can find online is unofficial,
Man on Bridezillas is hilarious! Interviewer; what's ur marriage going to be like. Bride; filled with love. Groom; realistically arguing etc
More importantly, what is going on with the snow this year. Ill be the last to complain, but I gotta say - its not the same ya know
What is going on with my internal clock.
Moms fighting with gran. Grans fighting with me. I'm fighting with sister. Grans fighting with sister... What the fuck is going on here?!!
What is going on with this fucking jailbreak 4S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ew what the hell is going on with me...
Lord, what is going on with my sleep....
BP dissolves Sakhalin 5 tie up with Rosneft. Just what is going on at BP? There is no obvious strategy or leadership. New blood is needed.
Since I got my Batman t shirt I've seen like eight people with it. What is going on am I a trend setter or what
OMFG WHAT IS GOING ON WITH MY TUMBLR? IT'S FUCKING UP. NOOOOO.
Is it possible to be so full that you're hungry? I have nooo idea what's going on with my tummy right now!
Can you believe this weather,were going into jan in 24 hours and its in the 50s with no snow what is going on here people!?
wide a woke and not hungry what is going on with me
s/o to the niggas watching porn with the volume on low so they can hear if someone is coming & still hear what's going on.
Okay, someone tell me, what the heck is going on with me?
WHAT THE FUCK is going on with my brothers? .Fight because a girl? AGAIN?? Oh come on...
sitting shivering - infront of the fire, with pjs and a hoodie on - what is going on!?
Do what is going on with all the sex nonsense and these lil girls? Ugh yall need a Mother
My little cousin just told her boyfriend that he's turning her on. I'm going to be sick, what is wrong with kids?
What we have going on is real......Im not with tht BS been thru hell 2 many times.........
What makes me the most depressed in life is knowing that I'm never going to be on jackass or be friends with the jackass gang
what the heck is going on with my timeline ???
What the fuck is going on with Google.
Too many people getting murdered lately in the Lil' Apple....what is really going on?! And people wonder why I stay home with kiddos :(
They're after you “@AaronMilo What is really going on with the planes flying over Hollywood?  This is a gettin a bit scary.”
Some weird ass bitch made cookies with her own period blood. What the fuck is going on with the world.
Ghosts can have sex with people now?! What the hell is going on?! AHS2jX
I don't know what's going on.. All I know is that I'm happy when I'm with yoooooouu :-)
What is really going on with the planes flying over Hollywood?  This is a gettin a bit scary.
Lmfao what the hell is going on with my timeline right now
This is gon be a rough night for my dick I gotta explain to him what's going on and why pussy ain't fuckin with him tonight
Idk what is going on tonight with this attention my phone is receiving but it needs to stop , NOW
what in the world is going on with my phone !!!!
All I ask for is time! Can I get time first to kno what's going on with myself B4 I take the next step with u? If u dnt understand move on
Everyone is going to have an opinion. I know what I can do with them. I'll take you on tour to a place that you can stick that in.
You know what rocks? This is the last time I'm going to bed in 2011, & I'm falling asleep with a smile on my face. God has truly blessed me!
& dear I don't know what the hell is going on with you but something ain't right
*watches from a far with what the heck is going on right now* you guys are rediculous.................
Is their plagiarism going on with my tweets I'm not liking that that's what the retweet button is for
what is going on with this weather?
“@ForYourGlory_: What is going on with this world, I'm tired of seeing the Devil play games” WELL LET'S PLAY BIBLE
What is going on with this world, I'm tired of seeing the Devil play games
I have no idea what is going on with this twitter drama but I just love the word "roast" I think it's hilarious
What the hell is going on with everyone today :| the world is upside down I'm convinced
What the hell is going on with the TT tonight? lol!
What the hell is going on with these cyclists?!
Dear I wrote you a song,despite the fact you did me wrong and dear I don't know what the hell is going on with you but something ain't right
what in the hell is going on with my twitter?!
What is going on with my phone??
What is going on with the Internet pictures!
What is going on with you twitter people. Like fuck.~
honestly, what is with all of the bullshit going on at schools? common assholes, stop bulling all the inocence goin on!
RFT"@envynothing_: Lmfao , what is going on with the world ."
Lmfao , what is going on with the world .
Someone tell me what the fuck is going on with Mighty's kid? Excuse my language, but I really don't understand.
Idk what's Going on with you && whatever she is to you now but STOP blowing up my phone to hang out..
Is everything on television today going to be "And here's what things were like throughout 2011"? Already had it with the weather on BBC :S
Come save me Idk what is going on with me
What is up with all the pettiness going on?
What is the deal with Missing E? Half the blogs on my dashboard are going psycho over some David Karp vs. Missing E thing.
the fuck is going on with this Chile you know what I'm gon finish my hair
What the hell is going on with my TL everybody is going off about something ???
What the heck is going on with oomf
Idk what the hell is going on im so new to twitter. Does twitter come with instructions lol
what the heck ? is going on with twitter . Boleh tukar language ? english is better
Wtf is up with this movie.. Like really I don't understand what is going on
I do not understand what is going on with my phone, my phone is saying I unfollow people but I don't remember doing that
What is going on with twitter... Wont let me change my twitcon
What the hell is going on with twitter!!!!
ahhhhhhhhh finally finishing Dexter season 6 omg omg omg what is going on with Deb?!?!?!?! what the hell AHHHHH TOO CREEPY TO HANDLE
My mom apparently thinks that I'm not going to walk around with no pants on cause my brother is home. Please, I do what I want.
what is going on with me
I'm really not understanding what is going on with oomf , i wanna know exactly wtf is up . i hate not knowing
What is going on with you lately ...
What the fuck is going on right now. He on some good bull with me right now
What is going on with Beyonce and her baby rumours??
What is going on with the guys in rapid tonight hahaha.
"Guys--- i'm on the phone with my mom. SHUT UP!" ."TAYLUHH PUT YOUR PANTS BACK ON!" . "WHAT IS GOING ON OVER THERE? im coming over there!"
Wow I haven't tweeted in 9 whole hours. What is going on with me?! That's a record.
What the hell is going on with this Adult Swim shit.
Ugh Quinn what is going on with your hair
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH MY FAMILY? MY GOD.
I don't know what is going on with Twitter today but my advice to the young adults, keep your business, your business. This isn't the place
oh great guys, it's friday. you know what that means. eveyone is going to pose with their drinks in their hands & post it on facebook.
what is going on with kristen patterson and this site modeling shit on fb....WUTTHEFUCK.
Idk what the hell is going on with this Skype an Oovoo the shit is crazy :/
dude, what is going on with my phone???? its not vibrating nor is it making any sounds!!!
"@iam_nikkihayden: What the hell is going on with these arson fires in LA? This person is sick." '97 flashback of  cars burning in Koreatown
That chocolate milk didn't sit right either. What is going on with my tummy
What the hell is going on with Cerrone? You need to move son!
Wait I don't get it. What's going on with this boob thing on facebook? Everyone is flippin outtt
What the heck is going on with cerrone?!?! Where's the head movement?!
What is going on with Blake Griffin's skin?
What is it with this dude and him liking girls with a rat face going on?
What is going on with the score keeper?!?
And it is what it is ...... I still love my past tho,But im in love with Whats going on right now in my life
I wish I was stuck on a desert island by myself right now, with no way of being able to see, hear or know what is going on.
its 4:24am what is going on with my body clock
2011 started with a low note, but ended on a high note. Very happy about what I was able to accomplish this year. 2012 is going to be great!
It is pointless to watch movies with our housemates and their baby. You miss 85% of what's going on. Then THEY shushed ME! Oy.
I don't understand what is going on with this Sonic anime. Why are there dozens of episodes for the iWU
freaking emotional spillage going on here. what the heck is wrong with me? D:
Even with my eyes done, I still feel like shit. What the fuck is going on with me?
What the hell is going on with me
We love our members! Let us know what is going on with you. Post your New Year's Plans!
What is going on with all these people getting headaches from hell?
Andrea Bargnani  is doing Primo Pasta commercials....what's next? Is he going one on one with Frank D'Angelo?
What the hell is going on with these arson fires in LA? This person is sick.
what the heck is going on with milford and west haven? 3 kids stabbed in milford then a body found in west haven? sheesh
What is going on with Aleah ?
Is it ok to purchase themes from Mobihand? What's going on with that?
REALLY?!?! What is going on with the Bulls?!?! SMDH.......
what kills me is, dude is having regular convo like nothing ever happened!! o_0 what is going on with the world?!
Scarborough twice in one week -___- what is going on with me
What is going on with this pregame.  WGN has nothing to fill up time with?
what is going on with these nipples of mines, I'm going to the doctors when Monday hits, these bitches hurt. LOL my doctors gonna be heated.
NYE temperature 50degrees what is going on with this world
I have dreams about science man what in the name of fuck is going on with me
Whats going on with everybody, what are we doing for new years eve. Who is inviting me to party? WHat s up
What the hell is going on with everyone?
What Is Going On With My TL
I just got told slap off over...NOTHING!!!!!! WHAT is going on with your mind?!
What is going on with people getting in fights at fast food restaurants? Smh!!
I'm at a party with a whole bunch of cray ol' people... What is going on? Hope my parents are sober and can drove. Derp derp
Wait wait will somebody plz tell me what the fuck is going on with JAZMINE ??
What is going on with time Warners ufc feed!!!!
«@TerishaTheresa Smh what is going on with chantyaa ...»
I love those random memories that make us smile no matter what is going on in our life right now!"Its well with our soul..thank u Jesus..
Smh what is going on with chantyaa ...
What the hell is going on with all these foreign objects being placed on my ratchet friends nails lmao like how do u do anything now? Lol
Sometime I think I can deal with my issues on my own but the truth is I cant I try 2 hide my pain with a smile to forget what Im going thru
What the motherfuck is going on with my bbm?!
what the fuck is going on with the heat??!!
um okay can someone explain to me what is going on with the team. I thought Greener was close to returning.
What is going on with the top trends right now...?!
What's with all these "tits" TT's? The hell is going on in the US tonight? Mass flashing?
Sometimes i just sit and think,"what the hell is going on with my life!"
What is going on with the TT's? I'm noticing a pattern.....
My heart is beating so fast I don't know  what's going on with me but I don't like it
I'm seriously in my room in shorts with the windows open. What the fuck is going on here?
And, speaking of the Republican candidates  . . . what the hell is up with Santorum going hunting on Christmas cause he wanted to show
what the hell is going on with the worldwide trending list =))))))))))))))))))
WOAAAHHHH What is going on with Melissa's hair lmfaooo.
This Demi TT is so ridiculous. What is going on in people's heads to come up with this crap?
Okay, now all see what is going on with all the Tit Tweets hahaha
Alrighty....Sabres lost - what is going on with this team? Anyone...
What bthe fuck is going on? I was so sure. But hearing that fucks with my head. I don't know what to do.
What is going on with Wade? ..
What the hell is going on with this shit.
What the fuck is going on with this xbox live app???
What's going on with my breathing, is not okay. (It's like my heart slid into tachycardia; and all I want, is to not have a panic attack.)
Trying to figure out what the hell is going on with my after effects when rendering... thinking about use premiere pro but I  rather ae :(
What is going on with WVU right now
What the fuckery is going on with my timeline?
What is going on with the ufc ap How 5000 tickets be given away when no one seems to be able to log in Its not your fault but it's your xbox
What is going on with this winter formal thing
Wilmer is with Joe and his crew in the plane... Wait what is going on hahaha.
what is going on with my phone?!?!?!?
Omg my grandma is talking about having sex with her boyfriend -__- what's going on right now?!!
what is going on with 2012.
Damn...... Idek What's Going On With My Dog:'( I Hope He Can Survive What He Is Going Through And Make It Bcuxx I Dont Wanna Lose Hymm!:'(
What the fudge is going on with my wifi? D:
RICK PERRY got  a LOT going on with his MENTAL PROCESSING. WHEW! NEWT GINGRICH, what is GOOD for the GOOSE is not GOOD FOR ME. MR. MISTAKE!
Loving yourself & being happy with life itself is all that matters <3 and that's what I'm going to start working on.
what is going on with the world..
The problems between Turkey and the Kurds have gone too far with all the killings! And now young men! What is going on in this world?
Dual monitor success! Now if only I could figure out what the hell is going on with the color in the second monitor...
What is going on with people's husbands? This is nuts.
I do enjoy following y'all & keeping up with what is going on - thanks for the entertainment, & I hope 2 see some of you in the new year ;)
damn nena's party is on the 7th..... what am i going to do with my new years!!!!
what is going on with twitter ..... im so bored
what the hell is going on with capt nick tonight?
what's going on with the colour of the sky and random loud noises from outside!!! is the world ending???
I need a sparkly shirt for NYE.. & I can't find one. what is going on with the world!?!?!?
what the fuck is going on with the WSHHHHHHH? Who knew that kirk and spock had kids.  so gay
And this is why I'm watching the Capitals. What is going on with the Wizards?
Yooooo what the hell is going on with the heat!
I don't understand what is going on with me right now. What is happening around me?
Dang what is going on with this stomach smh
FOUR???? What in the world is going on with MSU tonight?!?!
I'm so restless and unsatisfied right now. What is going on with me?
Going to sleep. Things better sort themselves out with everyone when I wake up so I actually know what the hell is going on. -___-;;
Was anyone else aware that the DALAI LAMA judged an episode of Australian Masterchef? What IS going on with the world?
again.. I'm on my own and am up at 1:53 what is going on with me
What the hell is going on with everyone right now?
man what is going on with Mizzou right now
What da fuck is going on with the weather!?!? :S
What is going on with this weather?
What is going on with Twitter?!
What the heck is going on with my tweets?!!!!
Whenever I watch Inception I confuse it so much with Shutter Island! Fuck what is actually going on in this film!!
Driving in Louisiana is hell!! What the heck is going on with all of these lanes?!
what is going on with@jay_RHOcks
Went to bed at 830 last night. Want to go to bed now. What is going on with my life? :(
what is going on with my followers ? twitter is messin up , keep saying someone following me that i been following,
the world is gonna end because god isn't pleased with the world . look at what's going on .
what is going on with twitter,really struggled to get on,never mind here now.
“@lauren_maHOEney: What is going on tonight?!” hangout with mee soon!! imy :(
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON WITH PEOPLE ON THE ROAD TODAY
What TF is going on with this spam shit?? IDGAF about no Ipad giveaway!
.........that's a thing that just happened.  I give up.  I don't know, I don't care, this is what is going on and I am rolling with it.
I am so frustrated with my 4G phone having no service lately! Verizon, what is going on?
What is going on with my family right now. I don't know if I should laugh or cry. Forget it, its funny Imma laugh.
why is he in a show with jin WHAT IS GOING ON WTF
What the hell is with my router going down so much? I have nothing to do with it(Well, I'm not using my script on it…. )
Hahaha uh what the fck is going on with my life on fb tonight
What the heck is up with all the construction going on at Keele Street? Somebody care to explain?! Been months!! Is it cuz of the new subway
So Jeremih, is this what your career has come to? Going on double dates with Diggy?
WHAT IS GOING ON WITH MY TWITTER
I just want to sit here all by myself and know I'm not alone because you will always be with me no matter were I am or what is going on.
Not sure what's going on with this ufc app on xbox but I keep getting a error hope this thing is fixed soon!! 1 hr to prelims!!
What the fuck is going on with my bank. Last time I check $17 is in there check again and my bill got paid $82 somehow and I have $65 left»»
Just had the first taster of what tomorrow is going to be like, sitting with the family drinking,singing,dancing! BRING ON NEW YEAR!!!!
So I'm seeing double tweets from every1 on my timeline...what the fudge is going on with twitter?!
wow, what's going on with me? today all i did is sleeping, eating and crying.
old people probably look at twitter like "what the fuck is going on with the world" "these youngins are weird as shit"
If he cheated on her with you, he is just going to cheat on you with another. What a fool.
My whole TL is filled with Everybody saying something about a headache.. what's going On?!
Watching the godfather with my dad I don't know what the fuck is going on...
what is going on with Twitter?? I do not like  this format....:[
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH ME!
I wonder what's going on with Weezy and this new dress code? What is he going through?
what is going on with Keep it Coming with Nadia Ali? Is that a bad mix that the vocals and fx are panned hard left. it hurts my ears
What is really going on with this place?
What the fuck is going on with the fucking internet in this fucking house for fucks sake ... Fuck !
“@ankhsandroses: Lmao what is going on with this $200 date shit. I wish a bitch would take me on a $200 date. Wining and dining.”
what is it with people and kissing at midnight on new years eve. big fucking whoop. it not going to change your fucking life is it.
Nancy is ignoring me with her music. What is going on.. lmao
60° outside... what is going on with the weather?!?!?
And what on earth is going on with her hair?!
What the eff is going on with gamecenter
What is going on with the Msstate runningbacks?
What is going on with my TL! Niggas wild forreal tho.
Lmao what is going on with this $200 date shit. I wish a bitch would take me on a $200 date. Wining and dining.
I used to be very timely! Idk what is going on with me lately... I'm ALWAYS running behind now! 
What the hell is going on with my laptop resolution?
Watching a Gujarati drama with my parents. Really funny. Especially because Shiv has no idea what's going on and is pretending he does.
what is going on with twitter?
What's with everybody getting excited about Dec. 31st? Is something going on?
I dont even know what is going on with tinychat and smosh ect. I'm too busy listening to "Time of my life" on repeat :-)
What is going on with my twitter app. It isn't working. It won't load anything.
What is going on with this whole gluten free craze? Why r u comin 2 a popcorn shop if ur lookin 4 gluten free?! Why is everyone allergic?!
Seriously?! What is up with the dates I have been going on lately?! Awwwwkward!!!
What the heck is going on with Mashable posting a ton of Google + stories per day?!
What is going on with this Twitter app?
Spent $45 at Teavana.....$45 on freakin' TEA!!!  What is going on with me?!?
I think something is going on with my brain in that category lol. Yea I'm pretty sure that's what the issue is..
This girl on 106 && park look a mess ! What is going on with her weave ?
Just became friends with my nana on Facebook... What the hell is going on
What the fuck is going on with ur fuckin' mind and say that fuckin' words :@ !!!
What is going on with 'fun sized' chocolate bars, there is nothing cool or 'fun' about getting less chocolate.
What is going on with my phone? Get a text, text back and then three hours later I get a text back -_-
What the fuck is going on. I can't deal with jokes like that right now. This better be a motherfucking joke.
What is going on with celeb marriages? Seems like everyone is getting divorced. Sad.
Alright, what's up LA? What's going on with the weather because my flight is delayed??!!! Omg! Today is not my day
Got so many knots in my neck and back. What is going on with me?!?!?!
What is going on with me.
What is going on with all this killing and robbing in the city? I'm so ready to move!!!
My TL is filled with sad love songs and old negro spirituals what the hell is going on outhere my tweeps????
What is going on with these school anytime commercials
Don't know what's going on with my skin...but my face is so itchy, waahh!
just going ape shit on someone who sent there 55th broadcast of the day? what is wrong with you, OMG CUNT
I feel like I tweet way too much on what's going on with my life. Annoying? I think not. That's what twitter is for!
I'm trying to focus on what's going on in Gangs of New York but Cameron Diaz is making it hard with that disaster of a face
“@KimmyDanny: Ole Miss I need my email account! What is going on with this website!”/// Ikr!! I tried last night
what even is this new trend with people going on twitcam and making a show of themselves, sort your life out
“@HereIVBey: I cant deal with my TL right now what is really going on did Bey just give birth or what”(when who confirmed
I cant deal with my TL right now what is really going on did Bey just give birth or what
Obligatory 'what is going on with charlie brooker's hair' tweet goes here.
But what the hell is going on with my blackberry.
What the heck is going on with my knee?? It hurts so bad!
What the hail is going on with this weather?! Aaa, see what I did there!
what is going on with my twitter?
:o my mum has just given me a t-shirt to put away that isn't ironed, what is going on with the world?!
What thw shuddering feck is going on with Dane Bowers hair
on the 6th day of Christmas my true love sent to me - 6 geese a-laying What the fuck is going on with the woman? Has she got a bird fetish?
What is going on with this weather...?
what the fudgecakes is going on with my twitter? why doesn't it show my tweets?
Upset city in Edmonton, what's going on with America and this czechs goalie is a stud!
Such mixed emotions what the fuff is going on with my headdddddd !!!!!!
My TL right now is filled with tupac and weed.. what's going on
Trying to catch up with Twitter, and advertist what is going on in the group
what the devil is going on with youtube? u mean to tell me i have to redo everything? gah!
What is going on with the USA Jr hockey squad?
thats weird.. i definetly was asleep 5 hours ago so what the hell is going on with my tweets?
Why is my TL filled with tweets about cheating and hoes?? What's really going on...
ok, what the hell is going on with this weather, I just heard thunder in freakin december??!!
Okay what the hellll is going on with jersey shore?
What is Going On With Mee -______-
standard what-is-going-on-with-@charltonbrooker's-hair? tweet of 2011
Tried to figure what is going on with my car. I haven't had any success so it's time for a nap.
Tweeting about what is going on with me helps me more than I would have ever thought! I LOVE that! I really do love eeeeverythinng
what the hell is going on with me today .. I want some sugar cookies, but I hate sugar cookies
Geez. What is going on? I'm a bit scared to know what awaits me when I get back. >_< People wanting & needing to meet with me. *-*
I appear to be rather flirty of late. What is going on with my crazy hormones?!
Russel & Katy are over. I don't know what tomorrrow Eve will bring me - who will text me a happy 2012? Who won't? What is going on with me?
What is going on with my back? It hurts sooo bad :(
What is with all those random things on facebook, saying how you'll die? Yeah of course your going to die by being struck by lightening!! :L
What the is going on with all these spam mentions?
What is going on with me
“@ravie_seymone: Here is a good question what is going on with Spring Break” who you tellin and I'm working on this id situation
looking through my followers i know a lot of people from school follow me to know what is going on with my life rather than me tweets
Here is a good question what is going on with Spring Break
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH YOU YOUTUBE?!
Geezus...Newtie 'is' as bad as Boehner. What the hell is going on with these GOP clowns? Are they going for the sympathy vote? Not worthy...
Can someone tell what is going on with Randy Orton tonight or something like that?
What's going on with Roger Federer? Is it a fixed game? Jesus...
It's so cold in here... What the hell is going on with my heating?
What the hell is going on with Tee Shepard now?
I'd really love to know what the hell is going on with this band practice ..
That awkward moment when omi has 82 follow requests on twitter and I'm staring at the screen like what the hell is going on with the world;S
Everyone is asking what's going on with me and Thomas. I say who's that?
Em 10 min. estarei completando 24 hrs sem por nenhum tipo de alimento na boca...what the hell is going on with me?
JESUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What is going on with your ppl
what is this beef going on with headhunterz and deadmau5?!
"What's going on with your face" is probably not a question I should ask a patron, even one who's making a really weird face.
I know I work too much when I can tell the other person on drive thru with me what that person is going to order hahah
What is UP with the traffic on MoPac right now on this holiday Friday at 3:40 pm? I'm just going to a movie - what's everyone else up to?
* What are YOU going to invite into your world for 2012? This life is filled with abundance and passion... just get CLEAR on the WHY of YOU.
What the fuck is going on with this hot ass weather?
Hold up what's going on with Bam?? Is he good?
Surfing the web this afternoon, what is going on with the world Friday the last of 2011, I am so sappy with goodbye's. Lol :)
What the HELL is going on with traffic. WHERE is everybody going? Sanity is failing.
I remember the reason I never go out on NYE is because I am completely terrified of going out on NYE. What with all the rohypnol and boys...
What the hell is going on with all these divorces
What is going on with his weather
Checking a convo on my TL...what we in North America need to be concerned with is when Yellowstone is going to erupt.
Apparently, she doesn't like that some people parody the song.......um.....with so many other issues going on, this is what she legislates??
i want to watch new btr episodes today because i want to know what is going on with malese's character.. idk what's her name.
What is going on with the referee?? Are you blind?? Coloccini should be given a card!!
what is going on with my phone these last few days. im getting beyond past irritated seriously.
Man what the hell is going on with this water ??
What is going on with my nose?
My TL is filled with a lot of weird tweets lol what's going on guys ?
What is going on with gold coast weather?!?! It's freezing
What the hell is going on with my life. Seriously
I was lukin at dat too lol RT Forever_Yanni: What is going on with the short 14 year old big black gVq1stv
Sometimes I like to walk off the turbolift and just yell "What the hell is going on!?" to mess with the crew.
What is wrong with people on here? Do you really think I'm going to follow the link you send me...
What the hell is going on with me....?
I am so behind with Desperate Housewives. I have no idea what is going on.
What the hell is going on with my metabolism?!?
Would love to go on a expedition with bear grylls. What an amazing series this is going to be.
My hands can't stop twitching. What is going on with my body -_-
Finally on twitter! Now can keep you all updated on what is going on with the company/my day to day thoughts! Lucky you eh! :p
Oh man the poor 2 yr old ended up dead what is going on with this world
“@i_amStyle My next relationship is going to be very private . Very rarely will people know what's going on with me & my man!”
What is going on with Gary Anderson?
Why does it feel like only the first week of the break? what the fuck is going on with time D:
Wtf is going on with this "$200 date"? What ch'all watching like that?!
So. What's going on with Queen Bee ?! Is her baby born ?
omg what is going on with the soaps tonight! gutted ive missed the action think im going to have to catch up ASAP
*UPDATE* Syria: One-eyed quest for democracy The first Arab League accounts of what is going on in Syria have been met with both widespre
!WOw! look outside and look how the sun it is glowing wow instead of snow we got the sun i wonder what is going on with the weather hahaha!
What is going on with this world!?!?!?!?
What the hell is going on with my twitter!?!
What is this going on with Verizon? And this extra fee on my bill!! I'm about to call corporate
In the bay with liv and jordan watching the match pretending I know what is going on
What TF Is Going On With The Parodies ? ~IB
I've read about 10 divorce stories just today alone... what is going on with this world??
“@MGriffiths_LFC: What the fuck is going on with Charlie Adam lately!!?? His form and set pieces haven't been awful” you mean they have been
My uncle just beat the sales women with a shoes box omg lol what is going on
"@izzpricex: Omg what is going on with my neck seriously" << you tell me :)
I'm really going on a 2nd run today..? I guess this is what happens when I hang out with an all state runner...@j3ssw0j
Oh, and there is some flirting going on with Chris Brown and Rihanna. Omg, what is the world coming to?
Russel Brand files for divorce from Katy Perry. Is this for reals? Too much divorce going on. What's up with that?
what is going on with andy carroll. no passion at all.
What is really going on with this woman's hair though ?
out early again! what the hell is going on with mgmt this holiday season?!
What the fuck is going on with Charlie Adam lately!!?? His form and set pieces haven't been awful
Omg what is going on with my neck seriously
Often times, we get so caught up in what is going on with us we forget to appreciate those who help make your success obtainable.
What is going on with liverpools hone form?
what the F...k is going on with my facebook!! why so slow???
Already missing this communication soo much :( jeeez what the heck is going on with me..
What the fuck is going on with the world!?!?
what is going on with all these dudes putting their hands on their girls... smh
My next relationship is going to be very private . Very rarely will people know what's going on with me & my man!
The song is saying if we stay on 'holiday' regarding what's going on in the world,we might as well learn to live with opression.
"@rhableahcar: What is going on with Avery? I don't have enough energy to join the argument." Waived
sis is here coming on my nuvers . what am i going to do with her :o :(
What is going on with Avery? I don't have enough energy to join the argument.
So confused with all the soaps right now, what is going on!?
What the fuck is going on with my hand? This seriously hurts so bad.
Wait, can someone please tell me what is going on with this The HUnger Games Suzanne Collins writing thing???
what is going on with Rosie Webster's constant trout pout she always looks like she's had bad coligan xx
What is going on with Katie and Russel. I hope they're good
what the hell is with all the nickel and dimeing going on?
Ok I'm man enough to admit I don't know what the heck is going on with the Facebook timeline. I look at it and my afro hurts.
really angry with francesca right now. what is going on in her delusional mind. ahahahaaaaaaa screwing
What is going on with the world? Take out the Galaxy Truffle but keep the Bounty in Celebrations? Madness.
what the hell is going on with t mobile
No more paying attention to what's going on with Beckham until whatever he chooses is official
It's already 2:40Am, and I'm not going to sleep. What the hell is going on with me? Щ(ºДºщ) let me sleep please.
Going on 5 semesters at WSU and what i noticed is there isnt enough literature,books with black people in it
Going into January 2012 with no snow, what is going on!
What is the point of being on the phone with someone if you're going to talk to everyone else but the person who you are on the phone with?
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON WITH THE WEATHER OUTSIDE..?! IS THAT FOG? OR WHAT?
Chris Christie sould not make Promises he is Going to Lose Weight with His Trainer on TV..What else is he Making that he Can't keep
What the fuck is with the saying "if you can't hit it quit it " it's like motherfucker you should be holding on to her. Shes not going t ...
What the hell is going on with byu's helmets?
i'm supposed to be hanging out with jacki right now but i don't know what's going on or where she is um
what is going on with the trends tonight..
Just went outside in a tank top and it felt amazing. What is going on with this weather!?
This guy just came in and asked for braids with weave.. I don't know what to think...or what exactly is going on in here!
What my PM is doing on new years? Going to a movie with my parents. -_-
seriously what is with this weather? a minute ago the sun was glaring on my kitchen floor & now it's so stormy i think my power's going out
Like omg what is going on with demand 5 dude's keeps on fucking starting over and over again the fucking bell end xxo
bored af but im chilln with family im going home on Sunday it is what it is i dnt want to go back to skool on Thursday-ugh i hate skool
What is going on today...Have been seeing cute guys with their burriful rides...Hmmm!is that a sign!
i'm pretty sure in my dream lastnight i slit my wrists and someone found me half dead in a bath... what the hell is going on with me
What is really going on with me ?? I need to pray
No one will ever know what's going on behind my closed doors. My business is my business & I don't let messy mf*ers mess with it.
The journey you are in with God is not about where your going, but is about what your going to learn on your way where your going.
It is dec 30th and I'm driving around with the top down and wearing a tshirt. What is going on with this weather?!?
I know with all my certainty what's going on with you & me is a good thing.  . .It's true. . I believe in you.
dont even know what is going on with my hair tonight
I hate it when you can talk to everybody else expect me. Is there something going on with me or what?
What is going on with his hair?!
Whoa! what is going on with salt!? lol
What is going on with Boston College? They used to be very solid in basketball and football .......smh
There's me thinking everyone is ignoring me & I just got 12 texts hahaha what is going on with my phone!!!
Wow what is going on with people these days :D?
i got school && my life to worried about.. what is going on.??? with me smh
Not sure what is going on with me lately but, I need to get it together....I'm blowing myself!
Although I may be highly upset with you doesn't change the fact I care about what's going on this is never easy I know first hand...
What is going on with Walmart and all these children getting molested in their stores?
What is going on with my friends this week?! lol
What is going on with my stomach man.
This old lady cracking me up.....oh jesus this other women just pushed me...what in the world is going on with the elderly today
What is going on with the Cougars?
Who is doing what for NYE? (And by that I mostly mean who is going to be on Xbox doing shots with me as my plans have fallen through?)
If Carroll isn't starting tonight then questions have to be raised as to why. What is going on behind the scenes with him and Dalglish?
EVERYBODY. JUST. STOP. What is going on with Avery? Seriously.
What the fuck is going on with my phone???
i dont know what is going on with us now . i just dont know
Ok, so now I can't post any pictures at all whatsoever, what the he** is going on with my facebook????
I hate myself omg what is going on with me !!
dongsaeng : u evil , unnie ! me : what the hell is going on with kids these days ?
I See Two Boys With Monroe Lip Piercins Today In Wood Green What Is Going On.
Fuck, what is going on with my hair?!
Just agreeing with Lucy on bbm that the sales are pretty bad... What is going on with that???
what is going on with me today???
What is going on with this little dudes head?
What the poop is going on with $PCS today?
Do you know what is going on with Sinful? can't seem to be able to install them on my iphone4
What is going on with my Magic Mouse?! Grr.
Everyone is talking about how much fun they're going to have on New Years. What am I doing? Hanging out with my parents since I work at 7..
Anyone know what is going on with Stan Collymore the cupla focal??
Okay WHAT THE **** HECK IS GOING ON WITH THE twitter iphone app... does anyone know how to get the freaking timeline to refresh??? .HELP!!!
you've proven your not giving up on what we have , this year i'm ending it with you and 2012 is going to be all about us <3
Relating what's going on with you to a song is uhmm...I don't know the word.
What the Hell is going on with the world today.
The Trends are not showing up. What the flock is going on with this laptop? Haha
5 nose bleeds in 3 days, what is going on with my body
I'm in love with sleep. I don't know what is going to happen once school starts. I'm going to be a mess on the first day.
The problem with going on vacation is coming back to no food. Sent hubby to the store. Who knows what he'll bring back
What is going on with my hip yo?!?!?!!
What the eff is going on with my dreams? They seem so real.. I wish it was real.. Woke up crying.. :(
what's up with all the recent death in Toronto...is this how we are going to end our year in our city?? come on
what the hell is going on with all this slush
i cant imagine what the family is going through,he will be missed but life goes on with or without you,guess its going to be without you RIP
what is going on with everyone on twitter today????????????
What's going on with KBS? Is there any better song than ..... No hurt feeling cantik.
What the fuck is going on with my bank account...
What is going on with Bank of America's website? Been trying to login for 10 minutes. Argh.
dear, i don't know what the hell is going on with you, but something is wrong.
Yes mum because the one thing I need right now is to get up. I cannot be fucked with anything. You have no clue what's going on in my head.
When the  girl your fucking gets the orgasam and its your first time and you want to know what the fuck is going on with her
Looks like our website is down! Not that there is much updated info on there! Haha! Going to find out what's going on with the hosting!
What the fuck is going on with the Internet it's my computer too.
Bacon what he'll is going on with this !!!
What is going on with American politics? Lost track of it all. Especially with Colbert Report and Daily Show going on breaks.
What the heck is wrong with starbucks today? Super long line my coffee is cold and my veggie sandwhich...whats going on
No seriously what is going on with the fog?!
What's going on? WHAT'S GOING ON? THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY?!  WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOUU!?!
Moaad taufik (27): 'twice a week this should happen! To tell us what is going on? Whats happening and to have Q&A sessions with anxious...
I feel like crap... Up all night throwing up is not fun... I dont know what the hell is going on with me... I just wanna lay in bed all day
What the FUCK is going on with my avi!? Kmt -_-
What in the world is going on with the birds
I don't care who your with or what's going on between us, some part of me is always gonna want you. Which sucks because im nothing to you
What is going on with Nashville today? Glad to know I'm not the only one all about IHOP.
Woke up with another migraine. I can't wait to go to the doctor next week to see what is going on with my head. Just going to relax today.
Walking out the door this morning, wondering what it is that's going on with you? I'm sorry for something im not sure I do.
Omg!!!!  What is going on with my laptop??!
Now that my iTunes store is working properly, let's figure out what's going on with YouTube.
“@Dontjackmycool: Im starting to eat way too much what is going on with me ”
lunch break is definitly going on at 11 today, i got a half hour to decide what im stuffing my face with. any suggestions?
What is going on with twitter right now?
Today being the last work day of the year 2011,what is going on in your neck of the woods?Share with us.
Seriously I've no idea what's on earth is going on with her! Najwa Latif :D
What the hell is going on with Mavs? 0-4 to start the season tsk.
What the is going on with my father's bb app world dafuq bruh
Wonder what is going on with EverQuest Next? I feel in an EverQuest mood today...
I just don't know what's going on with Fee lately. This kitty is so sweet, I think she's an imposter!
Is it me or org lain pun perasan ? Ergh idk what's going on with this girl . She is trying to impress people .
Awww what's going on with twitter on iPhones? Anybody know? Nothing is loadin properly x x x
my boss asked what I was doing for nye, said I was going on a date  and her response was "... Your date is with your boyfriend right..?" Lol
I haven't drank since before Christmas break.. what the hell is going on with me?
what is going on with me lately
I don't know what the hell is going on with me...
I have NO idea what is going on with Tom, Max, Nath and Cher lol...just got home like 10 minutes ago
So commences the talk on politics in India at the lunch table. What exactly is going on with Lokpal bill? Everyone here is confused.
“Wisdom is doing now what you are going to be happy with later on” Joyce Meyer
I think I've finally become content with what's going on in my life right now. God is busy renovating
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS GOING ON WITH NATHAN?:L
what the hell is going on with twitter its not letting me follow people and then telling me people are suspended WTF!?...
What the hell is going on with Santorum? Is it just his turn to be at the top in the polls?
Why can't i log in to tumblr and what is this hate  going on with my future husband
What is going on with my plume
what is the magazine called that everyone is going on about with Bruno in it? & can you buy it in UK? <33
I think my comcast is secretly Steeler's coach Mike Tomlin. About to ask him what's going on with Big Ben and about my WiFi. He'll know both
waiting for EA and lucy's surgery to start so i can see what is going on with these lumps and bumps..... :(
not even bothered about going out on a big session for NYE, what is wrong with me
what kind of fuckery is going on with this weed,
-walks back and lays on my bed- What the fuck Is going on with my head.
Woman caught at Ground Zero with a gun? What is going on there at ATF??
I'm going to refrain from making anymore comments on Uncharted's controls until I've worked out what the issue is I have with them
Oh my god what is going on with Seungho's hair ;___;
What's going on with cain now that he is not more running
Made me see what is really going on with me .. Nothing to do with those tweets.
What's up with this app, come on today is going to be a good day..
what is wrong with animals?! chimps think they're famous, pandas eat meat and they all laugh when you tickle them. WHAT IS GOING ON
10PARK haha! Just been waiting to find out what is going on with changes. Things might be sorted!
going to lakeside on my day off, i live here what is wrong with me
What is going on with these 'cat' trendings? Did McGonagall transform into her animagus in front of a muggle...
what is going on with the world? engagements and babies?! at this age?! TOO YOUNG!!!
uhh... wtf is going on rn. what's up with the rollerskaters?
What's going on with the Cats on the TTs? Tell me, is Harry had something to do with this?? LOL xD
Woke up this morning with a fat lip. What the hell is going on?!
I Been Up All Day.. Haven't Even Step Foot In My Bed For The Night,, What Is Going On With Me..??
whats up with all the new layouts? New YouTube layout sucks, new FaceBook layout sucks, what the hell is going on?
loool seriously ymcmb what is going on with your fashion, it doesnt look cool
Don't know what is going on with my sleep pattern.
And now my best fiend just hit my phone with bs...what is going on??
what the hell is going on with my twitter its acting all weird :S
Tyler what is going on with your next movie??? The art cover looks like a Men In Black SyRSI
What is going on with my body? This sucks
-=:¦ ..."People Would Not Put Up With 90% Of What Is Going On In The World If They Knew What Was Going On...
what the hell is going on with men wanting to be women??? If god wanted you to be a girl he would haPkHmyH
what the hell is going on with my friends everyone of my friends hate me it is just not fair
What in gods name is going on with me today?!?
Don't even know what is going on with my hair :|
i know what it is....ive been late going to work this week and on top of that we get 2 go home early 2day along with a 3day holiday :)))
What the hell is going on with my TV?? The color is all messed up!
What is going on with my phone?
Finally figured out what was wrong with my twitter app.. I would have been on but going all the way to my computer is so inconvenient.
I don't know what is going on with your belly.... But congrats beyonce!
ok what is really going on with my phone??!!
What the fcuk is going on with SBS? They still haven't announced whether or not Jae's attending?
Going on a third date with this chick. Debating what bear-scaping I should do. Any suggestions? Cause third date is penis+vagina=YAY right?
What is going on with 213 people right now?
What is going on with me lately? I just can't seem to focus. I've always got the same thing dominating my thoughts.
What the fuck is going on with these Damn kids these days, watching Beyond Scared Straight.
What is going on with jason?!?!?!?!
Mmhh...what is going on with today's society? ~ things have certainly changed.
As always, we live conjoined lives. “@lydieebabyy: tonight has just annoyed me to the max. what is going on with my life?!”
Everything I see is a reflection of my own consciousness. When I perceive something as negative I ask myself 'what is going on with me?'
I'll be back with Twitter soon, once my new ipod is set up right. If you want to know what going on with me don't rely on Twitter check fb.
What the heck is going on with Sharlice phone -__-
What is going on with the update?
What's up with people getting those stupid piercing on there lips like grow up people this trend is going to back fall on you but go for it
and dear i dont know what the hell is going on with you but something aint right, you tell me that you love me.
I don't know what the heck is going on with me
tonight has just annoyed me to the max. what is going on with my life?!
"@GoddessOfPink_:o yea I was thinking it was his wife but u have to think to what is it that's going on with his wife and her husband
I'd love to talk to a guy without the whole entire universe knowing what the hell is going on with our relationship. Keyword: OUR.
What's going on with Kobe? Is he fucking up. because Im not watching the game.
What is going on with my forehead? And why is my nose still broken from new yrs?!?
What is going on with me??
What Is Going On With The Knicks Offense?
I swear when I turn like what 40 my vision is going to suck more ._.; I wake up and go on my iPod with out my glasses ...
Whoa!! What in the world is going on with my TL?!
What the hell is going on with my spelling tonight. Smh.
Lakers what the hell is going on with these free throws
Man: "Something curious is going on with one of your at the base" Dr Bellows: "What is Major Nelson did, now?"
