I need to get my music collection up!
Need some new music to add to my collection What's good and NEW ?
Start Your Own Sheet Music Collection Error
having to play favorites with my music collection<<<
Listening to your music collection alphabetically by song title is much more thought provoking than putting it on shuffle.
I thought the bartender had a great music collection..but she confessed she was streaming pandora.
whats a computer program that lets me download individuals songs for macs? My mom erased my entire music collection -________________-
And don't give me "your collection is all on Spotify" - my collection is primarily jazz & 90s indie obscurities & "world music."
I really ought to have a copy of Tiësto's interpretation of "Adagio For Strings" in my music collection ... such an uplifting track
Libras are all romantical [i know] and spontaneous =] and their music collection is usually insane!
Moving my music collection into hiding. Well not really but kind of. Actually not really.
Jailbroken iPhone, a restored laptop = music collection rebuilding and playlist making. I'm not getting any sleep.
Rating my music collection (minus U2) on my laptop. It are only 1267 songs :P But I'm also deleting songs I ALWAYS skip. Am 25% finished.
50% off:  Romance Collection: Four Film Favorites (Music & Lyrics / Rumor Has It... / Sweet November2001 / Lucky You)
I can't wait until my album is done!! ;o) A good lil collection of eargasmic music 4 the listeners...
Somebody need to explain the location of the 90's music collection.... 80's to
Was going to go dancing tonight. Way too tired. Continuing to clean my music collection and read The Existential Pleasures of Engineering.
Saw a recent photo of Patti Smith performing. I have discovered Horses amongst my music collection. Now playing!
I think "The IN Times" will be the "Full Moon" of gospel choir music. Mark my words. Coming soon from the Impact Nation collection. We Back!
Our neighbours have been playing pre 2005 rap and r&b music the past couple days. I'd say its a "2000 rap classics collection"
Im improving my music collection since there isnt anything else to do
I'll have to find more Cole Porter for my music collection. I really love his creations.
then little brother and the roots took over my cd collection. i still don't know how it shapes the music i make but they inspired it all
My attitude to my music collection is archaic. If the same track is repeated on another album I can't delete it. I want the "whole" album!
Redownloading my music collection in lossless...
“@DjNateUK: I actually have a solid music collection lol” :D i want 1 2 loool hint hint
packed up my personal library and my movie/music/magazine collection next to box up is all my knickknacks and posters and nail polish
And I added some to my music collection <33
In 2012 Ciara Will give the world some new music to add to their CD collection and their ITunes :)
Just found 3 girls aloud albums in my collection, not even ashamed!! Roadtrip music for tomorrow hell yeeaa!!
Finally got my laptop now I'm updating my music collection...so much I've been missing since being in the stone age lol
I would like to become a music connoisseur, attain a massive collection of music I absolutely adore, in the form of cd & vinyl,A-Z,Wwide Ye
Edmonton has a really shitty music collection.
LOL so I'm stuck with only 2NE1 until I download my entire music collection again? WORKS FINE WITH ME THO...
trying to recover my music collection
if you don't own over the ear headphones, you are cheating the potential of your music collection.
My music collection is something else!t1pty
Listening to my music collection is the perfect escape from everything around me.
My iPod is my life's collection of music in a small electronic contraption.
Looking through my vast music collection. I forgot I used to listen to Rihanna many years ago.
It's going to be 2012 by the time iTunes finishes adding my music collection.. :$
Oh, iTunes Genius, don't be so clever. I know my music collection really only sorts into "Owen Pallett" and "Not Owen Pallett."
My sister referred to my music collection as "Tourette's"
finally got music on this phone. it won't play my ape and flac files, which is the format of virtually my entire music collection.
Love the 16GB of storage on the Nexus S. My entire music collection and all my apps and photos fits on it :)
My naija music collection as a whole is growing
I shouldn't have to re-do my ENTIRE music collection. ol' ain't shit computer smh
Holy crap the Shelton fireworks warehouse off the interstate in the middle of nowhere has the best music collection
Dunno if fixing my music collection will be worth it. It's going to my Droid anyway which has shitty media management.
That moment when Im looking through my Music collection and wonder "why the fuck did I download this band's whole discography?"
just discoverd fathers music collection..MIND BLOWN. we listen to the same music :O
25% off: Hugh Grant Collection 4 Film Favorites (Music and Lyrics / Two Weeks Notice / Mickey Blue Eyes / An Awfully Big Adventure)
If you don't have Raekwon's "Only Bulit .4 Cuban Linx" in your music collection scrap it all now!
It's only when you're making CD's for parties that you realise you have a shit music collection on your laptop.
gotta restart my music collection i lost it all but fuck it ill get em back
Trying to build up my music collection
Time to see how iTunes Match copes with my music collection. I'm pessimistic.
Dear Dropbox, thank you for creating so many conflicted copies of my music collection - I will be glad to leave you
History of Sonic Music CD turned up today. A lot of it is on the Generations special edition disc, but oh well. It's for the collection :P
Playing everything in my music collection tagged '90s' and 'indie' is throwing up some lost classics. Inspirals, Ride, Lush the list goes on
Pop's music collection >>>
I listen to all genres of music. If u saw the collection of music I have on my phone lol, ud be shocked.
Made Mez's boyfriend a CD with a collection of such good music and now they play it every day on full volume. Therefore I am very clever.
Going through my dad's music collection growing up is probably why i love old school so much
Nice breakfast & the illest music collection ever compiled. Dont forget the glass of OJ.
him indoors : Your music collection is much cooler than mine.  .me : really?  .him : Yes, but mine is better
I feel like expanding my rap collection. What ratchet music have y'all been listening to lately?
I have a pretty awful music collection. I should work on that in 2012.
Listening to my collection of music from Naija,I love the music but some o' em just crack me up yo.
This Bob Dylan collection (Beyond Here Lies Nothin') is so beautiful, I could cry. Well, I couldn't as I hardly ever do at music, but yano.
Just discovered you can play music on the Apple TV from my iTunes Match collection on the iCloud - very clever (and useful!)
I have a very scattered out collection of music...I don't just stick with one genre
I'm soooooo happy our cd collection popped up! We eat, sleep and breath music and that was a lot of $ worth. No burns, no downloads...
Listening to Shortcake's music collection. Wang Li Hong's Jing Zheng Dui Shou is quite nice. But he can try rapping a little lesser.
I'm an old fashioned kind of man. I'm spending some time digitising my music collection while I wait for something big to happen.
once again.....completely redoing my iTunes, hopefully for the last time, my music collection should finally be DONE
My dad has the most ridiculous collection of music and movies, holy fuck ! Any kind of oldschool music I want, he has. Jeez. Playlist tunup!
I;m cleaning out my music collection. Deleting all the crap that I'm bored of anf getting new stuff. :D
Music suggestions!!! Dubstep, rap, r&b, hip hop, anything! My collection is getting weak, I need to step it upppp lol
currently trying to put all my music collection into iCloud, its a lot.
I gotta go through my mom's music collection I need more shit to sample.
Buying a collection of new music to see me through the upcoming revision period...
New stock: great collection of VHS tapes from the 80s and 90s .Huge selection of live concerts from this time .Great bands - great music
I have a nice vinyl collection! Not only club releases but also some nice 60's music. And Pink Floyd for Dorou-chan~
I love how random my music collection is. I went from Britney Spears to Tiger Army.
I really feel like buying & building a collection of DVDs and music albums I swear. Progression is defo being made.
I'm really diving into my music collection this morning.
My lil bro bout to have my music collection on point
Finally getting round to sorting out and consolidating my music collection, some of which has sat useless on an old drive for years
Finding SO many CDs and demos in my collection, including many that never made it to publication, I LIVE FOR my music collection heh!
What's the worst/most embarrassing album in your music collection?
I have a large collection of music, some old, some new. I listen to all. Guys, you never know what I will play or fav. I am like bag of m&ms
AmileWaters You sound like 95% of my music collection, lol!JyK2
Introduction -deprived Music Crystal- / Tatsh Music Collection -J-
I'm OCD when it comes to my music collection, hate it when my mp3s aren't organised nicely, and so far iTunes is the best app for that...
75% off: Hugh Grant Collection 4 Film Favorites (Music and Lyrics / Two Weeks Notice / Mickey Blue Eyes / An Awfully Big Adventure)
''I can't tell who you are from your music collection! Miley Cyrus, the Streets and some african drum beat stuff..Who are you?''
Bought Stevie Wonder: The Definitive Collection on iTunes today. Fantastic music.
My mom is going through her music collection. Nothing like some Otis Redding, Temptations & Engelbert to soothe the soul. hmmmm
All the music on my iPod disappeared when I sync'd it so I have to bust out my compact disc collection like Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Its good to have a brother which have a good collection of music on his pc :3
2pm's "Take Off" Dvd and 2PM 1st Music Video Collection & The History (Jpn release)..I want!!!!
I Rep West Coast all day. But a bunch of East Coast rappers starting to come in my music collection.
Showertime Music: David Bowie, a collection of favorite songs.
My music collection >>
Its so difficult to keep with wid music and update ones song collection ... Especially when you are feeling super lazy !!
Erased my ENTIRE collection of music on my phone. All I have are 3 albums. The new Drake, Jeezy and DJ Drama. Haven't skipped a track yet!
Justin Timberlake's FutureSex/LoveSounds: the finest collection of baby making music
OK I'm sorry but my music collection is just plain ridiculous! Got some wicked beat up in this mutha! :)
Listening to all of my dad's music collection such as Adele, David Foster, Phil Collins, Andrea Bocelli, and many more :{}
I don't like people to look at my iPod because my music collection is so outdated it's embarrassing.
This random selection of music my tablet is taking me through is doing it for me tonight! I  forget what's inmy collection sometimes
I'm really anal about my music.  I rate each song at some point that makes it into my collection.
I just want to be able to listen to music on my goddamn computer. My mp3 players don't hold my full collection + harder to jump/queue tracks
I need some new music to add to my collection
This iPad doesn't seem like mine own without my collection of MUSIC .
Updating my music collection
Hit 2,000 songs in my music library =D I know that's nothing compared to some people, but I'm proud of my little collection.
My indie music collection used to be hell of extensive. Gonna get into that stuff again. Maybe it'll spark a creative flame...
I like to think i have a good collection of music....
a music collection just isn't a music collection if Danity Kane isn't in your playlist!
I truly believe that what you'll find on my ipod is the best collection of music there is.
I would put my music collection to the test against anyone on earth, song for song album for album I'm built for that.
I'm Convinced niggas from the South only have 4 rap artist in their music collection.
my itunes library isnt like any music collection too many choices to choose from
I love my music collection. It keeps me sane.
Secretly in love with rap my rap music collection is disgusting
I probably have the Best and Hardest Music Collection ever. Complete Quality Music. Ish you can listen to years from now. No One hit ish...
My iTunes library is definitely on point. I'm proud of my collection of illegally acquired music
Anyway, I snooped around some of my sister's old roommate's music "collection" and I found some gawdly gems. Whaaaaaaaaaat
MUSIC: 21 stellar songs for your 2011 collection
Today, Full with my Instrumental Music Collection.
When I land a pad I'm going to have speakers all over with a music collection of all the finest throwbacks
my music collection is on point now. Got rid of all the shit I don't listen to- and just added 2 hot albums by brand Nubian and wade waters
I must say I'm pretty impressed with my music collection at the moment.
My music collection rocks! No.. It beyond rocks!
I just acquired "What are you doing New Year's Eve" for my music collection and will work out an arrangement for organ tomorrow.
This new collection "Lost in the Music" is a never seen before reflection of how powerful musical influence is
lookin for music to update my collection. Has not been updates this year. Any ideas for me? Mostly interested in albums with various artists
Howdy friends! I have decided to focus on beefing up my collection of pagan music. What do you suggest?
I have the best music collection hands down
I may be late to the party, but being able to stream my iTunes-Matched music collection from iCloud to my various machines is pretty cool.
Music expresses your inner character... Youe music collection should explain it...
I'm uploading my extensive music collection to Amazon. Piece by piece. Slow. But it's good to have an off-site backup.
loool i have a serious collection of "hood" music on my ipod LOOL some double life
Not saying Weezy's the greatest rapper alive, but I don't see a future in my rap music collection if he's not in it.
People only like me for my movie & music collection.
Why would anyone ever want a Paul Brandt music collection? No smooch can for me.
♫ 'Ancient Temple' - Team Shanghai Alice - Touhou Music Collection ♪
about to have the greatest collection of music this side of the mississippi
Starting to realize my collection of indie/alt music isn't car suitable lol
Spent the evening playing through the easier pieces in that Craig Armstrong book. Very happy to have it in my collection of piano music now.
iTunes Match is kinda sweet. Like having my entire music collection avalible anywhere.
Just got a fresh haircut.. Off to Best Buy to buy another portable hard drive. I need to back up my music n porn collection
Cheryl Cole: 2 Albums. 6 Music Videos. Own Shoe Collection. Been on the cover of Vouge. Own Foundation. 17 Award Winnings. Haters, SIT DOWN!
Love my collection of music...and now Im dancing
In love with my EBM music collection-the Germans own this scene!
Google Music tag system is seriously frustrating. Spent whole day fixing tags for my collection only for GM to split up my albums in pieces.
Bored with my music collection. Let's play a game. Starbucks gift card to whoever introduces me to my new favorite album...
I need to expand my house music collection. Suggestions?
Listening the entire collection of Twilight music including the score   Perfecto!
I'm on E - as in the letter of my music collection and not the drug - just to clarify
Making Sarah listen to my collection of 80's pop music. <3
Noticed there are huge artists missing from my music collection. How do I have zero Sunny Day Real Estate?
Hunting for the perfect music to match my graduate collection of clothing. Must feature big synth bass, organs, choirs, marching drums...
It's a shame I can't re-build my music collection for another month or so -__-
Just before house music was born - around 85 86 - Sharron redd. change. SOS band. Daytona. Melba Moore. All the street sounds collection
50% off:  Hugh Grant Collection 4 Film Favorites (Music and Lyrics / Two Weeks Notice / Mickey Blue Eyes / An Awfully Big Adventure)
Wasn't in a love type of mood today. Blows when 90% of ur music collection is R&B.
I heart iTunes match!! It completes me (or my music collection anyway)
now my music collection is complete! i havent felt this whole in...forever! I missed ALL of my music!
Back in October 2001, Apple launched the iPod and iTunes, the first easy-to-use software for managing your digital music collection
On Tuesday I thought I would re-tag my whole music collection - clean it up. With over 40,000 songs not such a good idea after all. Oooops!
My music collection is cwazy.
i'll revisit the real internet in a bit. need to olddate the music collection.
I'm soooo cheap lool obviously u need music 2 sort stuff out right? My whooole CD collection is rave promo cd's & home made CDs tut tut
I'd probably die surrounded by pictures of my kids & grand kids,& collection of Music CD's, Which hopefully helped save my lonesome soul...
FYS, Major League, TTSF, Handguns, and Tiger Jaws are now part of my car music collection. Whoever drives with me is one lucky scallywag.
Time to play thinking music! Where is my Tupac collection!
I've drastically upgraded my music collection thanks to Christmas gift cards.
If You Got 2pac, Cypress Hill, Bone Thugs, E-Z E & Oldies In Your Music Collection & You Tell Me You're Not A Cholo/a Imma Slap You...Hard.
Cleaning and reorganising my make-up collection. Can anyone recommend any good music!
My music collection on my phone >>>
Lucky I have 3 Backups of my music collection... Hehe
Favourite artists: Smog, Air, Rainbow, Thunder and Jet. .“@DamienMcFerran: My music collection is now cloud-based - feels like the future!”
Basic channe / Maurizio Collection in my bag music! :D
uppin my music collection
adding more music and movies to the collection....any ideas folks??
90's r&b might be the greatest collection of music ever.
my music collection is slightly growing (: xoxo
I've decided when I go back to full time I am spending $100 every paycheck to music....my collection needs a little boost.
Digging thru my music collection & I've never noticed 2 Chainz on Luda's intro to Chicken N Beer hating before now.
Helping my boss pack up his extensive collection of new-age/world music CDs including "The Zen Flute of Interior Time" by Schwakie Roth
Northern Soul collection being added to. Music for all generations. Quality!
Lol... Riding with my dad in the same car na solemn assembly... And d songs coming from his music collection is worsening d situation
Gotta get my music collection up.
Updating the Traktor Scratch Pro collection! So. Much. Music. I love it though.
Just sorted through my old CD collection, amazing how music brings memories flooding back… even without listening!
Parents just got themselves a sleek old skool turntable/cassette player. Dad just took out his mega record collection. Music frm the 50s-80s
Now im uploading the last of my music collection to itunes! i still need to upload both my sisters and both of my brothers!
IMO the album of the year was the Carter IV! There was no intricate story/message just a collection of good ass music
What's the worst album in your music collection?
the size of somebodies music collection is a great way to judge peoplej3c
fuck me I've got some really awful music in my mp3 collection
Went to Abercrombie store @ Orchard Rd earlier juz nw. E store r lit by dim lights n loud music. Mostly winter collection nw n super pricey.
happy i got this 600GB hard drive...finna be downloading hella music get my collection back up
U go surprise the kind collection of old ass music wey I get.
“@itsyaboiced: Supertight. Side hustles. Dirty money. Must haves in your music collection.” I agree no matter where u from
"@Bakerboiwho: YO Gotti-Cm5 and Cm3 the best out the whole cocaine music collection"5 an 4 son
The 15 album Billy Joel Collection: The perfect gift for the special someone in your life who loves Billy Joel but owns none of his music.
YO Gotti-Cm5 and Cm3 the best out the whole cocaine music collection
My Christian music collection is finally beginning to pose a threat to my secular music collection.
Catalog. All the songs owned by a music publisher considered as one collection.
My music collection is far from complete, partly because it can never be complete but as it stands...it fucks your iPod up.
About to download The Lonny Breaux Collection mixtape by frank ocean man im supporting good music
Ugh she bugs the shit outta me!! Idgaf about your 40yr old boyfriend and his Journey music Collection...STFU!
Adding Stacy Barthe to my Collection of GREAT MUSIC...
Is the Nicki Minaj for OPI collection out yet? I hate her music but those colors are gorgeous need them all!
Just completed my music collection! booya! i will never be able to leave the house again!
has spent two days uploading the music collection onto the new Mac and not even close to finished. And now I can't find the hashtag button.
So, I've replaced that ipod, but I'm getting it back and am going to go testify in court (partially about my music collection)
No work today which means I'll b gettin a ridiculous amount of MUSIC to add to the epic collection
Think it's time to remove the Chrisstmas music from the Rdio collection.
Any games, music, and/or movies you want to see in our collection??? Post a comment here!
Just played: What are you Doing NY's eve - Ella Fitzgerald - Christmas Collection(Universal Music)
Music collection unmatched
finally found time to catch up on my music collection... had done that since before the previous semester.
listening to heart fm and their celebrity takeover.. I can't imagine Bruno Mars having aha take on me in his music collection
Heh heh, updated my music collection with some Ed Sheeran, Olly Murs, Amy Winehouse, The Wanted, Coldplay & Gym Class Heros! :D
tadi di toko music nemu SS501 Star Collection Card,tinggal satu..tapi 200 rb =_=
my sheet music collection was in 4shared....... =(
The albums that the Android Market recommends for me based on my Google Music collection make me want to throw up.
Fed up with digital music. No sense of occasion playing it. I like faffing with turntables **fetches vast vinyl collection from garage**
A whole afternoon in front of my own computer. Reacquainting myself with music collection. You know r1I
My Rickross collection mehn..Nobody test me!..Am sure i hv almst evrytn on my notebook:) rm port of miami,2 Maybach music,Teflondon,Selfmade
My music collection is now cloud-based - feels like the future!
my house has the best collection of music ever, cd, itunes, vinyl, tapes, it's all immensebSTby2
Afternoon tweeters....it's nice to sit at the PC & listen to my music collection while planning something.
iPod nano 'up' and sync'd - re-visiting my music collection; great present.
I think Im gonna catalog my music collection on discogs one of these days
Guitars from the Collection of the late Country Music Hall of Famer ...
Building up my music collection. Picked up Warrant's Cherry Pie and the greatest hits by the Doors, Clash, Nirvana, & Allman Brothers Band!
This 90's music quiz is making me realise how bad my music collection at home is... Shameful!!!
The LL stars are enriching my music collection. THANK YOU!
I'm tryna have an endless music collection like I'm a DJ n shit
i never used pandora i have my own music collection and its still growing
Adding music to the collection
my music collection is far from basic.
Give if three years, all of yall will have the Weeknd in your music collection..
Watching Across the Universe reminds me that I do not have nearly enough Beatles in my music collection.
Music suggestions welcome for my new MP3 collection, itunes was wiped out =o
Maaaaaaaannnnnn this slow grind CD collection they pushing on BET sounds like baby making music.
Who wants to buy me da slow grind collection from music space I would greatly appreciate it
I have like 1 mb left on this memory card thanks to my outrageous music collection.
Today, I learned that my music collection has outgrown the capacity of my 120gb iPod Classic.  No, I don't THINK that I have a problem...
"Greneberg" is most likely my favorite collection of music from this year but that new Blu & Exile album was ridiculous.  Need to bump more.
Super Smash Bros is the sole reason why i have a strange taste in music and a abnormal music collection.
My music collection is crunchy
when is dub music going to be BIG again? my collection of dub records is going to be worth a mint
That moment when you realize your music collection sucks. Lol
this is the most random collection of music i've ever burnt onto a CD
Thinking of selling my music collection b/c i need the money :/
The iPod ready treadmills at the gym + my endless collection of music videos might be the best thing that's ever happened to my fitness
'fighters x lupe fiasco' is in the hall of fame in my music collection.
I promise my music collection is too ill...
My collection of collections is growing rapidly. Harry Potter things, movies, books, tshirts, camera items, music, etc. I love collecting.
25% off:  Hugh Grant Collection 4 Film Favorites (Music and Lyrics / Two Weeks Notice / Mickey Blue Eyes / An Awfully Big Adventure)
Is Rihanna listening to her moms music collection? Lol
I'm not just giving my music collection away. Not even 10.
My hubby has an amazingly large collection of bad Christmas music
I need some on to get curtain connected to collection b we got the music u. Need
Expanding my music collection ; )
Lost about 17GB of music. Didn't back up one of my mp3 players. Most of my rock/alternative collection. Damn, and 1/4 of my jazz.
My music collection is better than yours
They are my new favorites !!! Gotta get this in my music In my collection
iTunes, why have you removed only two albums from my music collection?
Oh, Nicki Minaj, I have no strong feelings regarding your music but I do love your OPI collection. (And also you're quite pretty.)
Yep, I just added a rick astley track to my music collection so I could rick roll myself...
I need Victoria's twerk collection of music
My Music Collection > > > >
Splendid Drive / Tatsh Music Collection -J-
Lol, going through my dad's music collection and I came across The Smiths. h1p$ta f4th3r!!!!!1 ▲▲▲
on a mission to build an incomparable collection of music
I'm so loving my music collection right now
My music collection is crazy y'all don't even understand
Just sorted out my iTunes feels great having a sorted out music collection!
Trying to organize my digital music collection is taking forever and a day. Laziness came back to haunt me.
Music collection alphabetisation dilemma. PJ Harvey, anyone? I'm going for "H".
If you haven't, you need to check out the Withers Collection at the end of Beale St. 1M+ photos of history, civil rights, music etc.
ochocinco hey u luv music get him a collection of music agifteveryonelovesjosx
Playing Some Slick Rick Now. My Music Collection So Versatile. FallBack Son. Lol.
My music collection >>>
The thing about new music is, if its good enough, it'll eventually end up in my hits collection.
25% off: Romance Collection: Four Film Favorites (Music & Lyrics / Rumor Has It... / Sweet November2001 / Lucky You)
My music collection is different. Got a lil bit of everything in my ipod.
remaking my mixdisk and realise my music collection is a chaotic.
defly gotta throw sum ASAP in the bb music collection
priorities out the way now i'm chillinnn music bumpin just staring at my shoe collection lol jp
Additionally: I got a 1TB HDD, so it's time to start rebuilding my music collection... starting with everything my roommates have.
My music collection >>>>>>>>
Ooh, Missy Elliot. Forgot this was in my music collection. ~dances~
Listening to 3T my music collection will never leave the 90s as today's music is just plain shite.
I need to add to my Brad Paisley collection of music. Any suggestions?
music takes you into an amazing place...  love my music collection!!!!!
Back at home with my funny gorgeous boys, a vast epic dance music collection & a fridge full of Stella and cava. Joy to the girl!
I have a lot of "the Monkees" in my music collection.  I'm damn proud of it too.  I think.
Putting my entire music collection on shuffle has thrown up some previously ignored/forgotten gems this evening.
Could someone please tag and sort my entire music collection for me?  This seems like an unending, horrific task I will never complete.
Some of the best music searching is in your own collection
My lil sister brought me the entire MJ music collection 4 x-mas! Micheal was fiiiiiine as hellllll yalll!!!! LOL
.RDIO erased my entire music collection on my phone bc my credit card was stolen and membership downkKx
Sky TV.. of all the music in the entire world you've chosen the worse collection of 'holiday' music in existence on the TV Guide channel.
Just spent an hour looking thru my dads music collection. For someone who is tone deaf he has the best taste in music.
Just started using Google music.  Awesome service if you have your own mp3 collection
Loving this new music I've added to my music collection. Completely awesome. I was in desperate need of some new tunes...
Sweet, iTunes Match works pretty nicely. My entire music collection on my iPhone with no storage space being taken up.
Rebuilding my music collection, God bless the Internet
I PITY THE FOOL who, like me, tries to iCloud music collection. INSANE. Afraid to bail/turn it off -could take many days! BEWARE.(oh Steve!)
What shall listen to from my collection of music? The lord knows I have too much!
I need some new japanese 8bit music in my collection... >_> And ambient...
I'm sorry but if your CD collection is just JLS, Westlife, One Direction and The Wanted you have a shit taste in music.
you HAVE to have the Black Album in your CD collection...if you dont you're not rockin with the right music.
Ive been through my old music collection. At one point it seems I REALLY loved The Carpenters.... Not sure what this says about me..
Dancing, Loving, and Smiling Today. Last tweet of music from my collection: Samba Da Bencao by Bebel Gilberto.
I have a constant need to expand my music taste and collection. I will never be satisfied.
5 things that are ace : family, friends,my apple collection, good food, good music. .pretty basic first 5. will elaborate in the future ones.
I prolly shoulda picked a different time to move my entire music collection. I was actually tryna get some work done. D'oh
I'm obsessed with selena gomez. Her music. Her collection. And her. Ooooo and her boyfrienddd .
iTunes is a real pain in the ass. Either that or 15 years of not managing my music collection is taking its toll.
not having an ipod, i rarely open itunes any more and as a result i forget how amazing my music collection is.
"The ultimate drum n bass and jungle collection" since when was jungle a genre of music?
Despite my extensive collection of dark, disturbing and just sad music, this is the first time I purposefully downloaded something messed up
RachFee favorite music and then a collection of it as classics?Mq195B
Not sure why 46 degree weather prompted me to pull out the Jimmy Buffett collection, but enjoying the calypso poet music this AM.
Time to sort the music collection for NYE!
My grandparents have the best collection of 50's and 60's music it's stupidly good.
Sometimes I cant find the words to describe how I feel so I search my music collection, find the sonmwS
Pro-tip: Switch Beat Hazard to windowed mode if you're going to index a very large music collection. Bloody hell!
My music collection is something serious... What I'm listening to got me thinking, ranting & raving as usual
going through the other half of my music collection today. sianz
downloaded hella music tonight....pushing the limits of my eclectic music collection in terms of what I actually put into my itunes....
Was browsing through my collection of music and happened to hear songs from Kamine. Must say hidden gems. Vishal B rocks...
uploading my entire music collection to google music for safe keeping, wish it wasn't connected to my gmail account so I could share
DefGlamDiva need to find a app to down load free music for my iPhone any idea where I can
Where oh where can I find free sheet music for piano?? Lost all mine when I moved, I need something to play!!
