I'm sending everyone cyber hugs for new year's! Although it's not a new year yet over here, but duh who cares
Who cares about ur business.. Just beg love from ur business..hell yeah..
do you know how stupid an "I'm deleting numbers" tweet looks? That's lamer than "unfollow tweets"... Who knows? Who cares?
seriously who cares what people think of you, do whatever YOU want....
You are needed to care only someone who cares and loves you. Don't care whom alway hurt you.
Starting to think it might be best if I jump back to the flips.. who cares if I'm not up-to-date..
Who cares what class I got at seafield cause I going to change school :D
seriously who cares what people think of you, do whatever YOU want.
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
Who fukk'n cares
So goodbye to you :) and goodluck finding someone who cares as much as i do...
this year is at its end &  i realized who are my real friends & who really cares about me.
Who cares about tha new year ? New year, same people . . . Only thing that can change is the way they look ; get over yourselves !
i hate when people complain about OTHER peoples new year resolutions who cares let them do them yours should be not to judge people! smh
i luv jung yunho so damn much. really. call me freak. but who cares ?
cheguei do clube who cares
Did I look like someone who cares if 'Windows is not responding'?
Sum people need take,there,own advice......but who cares
Hi i can tweet again but who cares i'll just finish spazzing on facebook.
who cares if we're trashed?
Who cares?
SO TIRED BUT WHO CARES SOSHI LATER
“@ChristinaAleice I enjoy my time alone but i'd rather share it with someone who truly cares for me and has good intentions.”
Looks like I won't be kissed at midnight tonight. But who cares? I'm spending New Years with the most important ppl in the world - my family
"@LilEarlJr: Had a great time last night"««««««so what who cares»»»»
this shit os killin me oh well who cares
Waking up next to someone who cares about u >>>>>>>>
THERE IS SOME SHIT ON TV LIKE.. who really cares what noise a bird makes..
I hope aint nobody beefing with me becuz the ish probably old..who cares now
My motto "Who cares"
Eh. New years. Who cares.
Hello my name is ..... Who cares?
Gonna start getting ready for the party gonna look like a tramp coz my clothes r a disgrace but who cares I won't even remember !!
I wake up to Beyoncé tweets.. Stfu. She did NOT have her baby, dummies. It was a lady in the hospital down the street. Who cares tho?
Am I? Haha, who? Who cares!
After my bad mood I'm getting drink who cares
who cares if its still AM
Fuck all the bullshit, who cares tho?
Girl breakfast in bed? Who cares. Lol
Who cares about new years eve.. I'm gonna have to pretend I care... Booze please.
I only want to see Jimmy & The Roots but still. I hope I don't miss it. Who cares if they're dropping a Hershey Kiss or pickle?!? Stupid.
Mom: take your sunglasses off were inside people will feel weird talking to you .Dad: I talk with my mouth and hear with my ears who cares .(x
i kinda like the models of american apparel. sleazy? who cares they're hot get over it.
Ctfuu I'm Always Arguing With Somebody He Don't Like Or Beefing With Imma Get My Ass Beat One Day Lls Who Cares
remember its just a big circle of who cares.
if i celebrate  new year,who cares?! you are so stupid cause its not wrong..Actually,i hate my country and people sometimes...
Going Into New Years The Wrong Way, But Who Cares Right? Because This Is How My Momxz Wants It
I build walls to see who cares enough to knock them down.
I dont find it odd for a girl to point out that another girl has a fat ass. Lol like who cares
When youre witth the best who cares about the rest
LOL...who cares!!!!!
I dont like a paranoid guy, or a guy who cares what anyone says...aint nobody checkin for you
You got alot to say for the one that got away, leave me with pain and show who really cares.
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you. One day you may realize you’ve lost the moon while counting the stars
who cares if you end the year single or not. why are you rushing to live your life? lol
Wore wedges all day. Just took them off. Blisters everywhere. But I can't feel my feet anyway at the moment, so who cares?
Unhealthy food. Who cares? It's yummy!
Omg today is the last day of the year omg. Boohoo. Who cares. Tomorrow is just another Sunday to me.
Caring is easy. To make someone care for you is difficult. So never lose the one who really cares for you!
...so bored of the 'Can I get to XX amount of followers by the New Year??' Tweets.  Who cares!??
For anyone who cares, I FOUND AN SCLUB CD. Tonight is going to be amazing.
Who cares anymore?
Who cares how you bring in New Years? Huh? DO WHAT YOU WANT.
Who cares. Everything happens for a reason.
Victor moses booked for ungeltemanly conduct? Who cares when you have a win bonus on it!
I still don't know why, but who cares, llab, that's the past, I found someone else.
but who cares.. :p ENJOY and Happy New Year!!]
Right after RVPs goal theres fireworks in the sky (for New Years) but who cares I say thats for Persie :D
Is it dreamed or dreamt? Who cares.
Dry cries, even tears. Even my heart cries, but who cares.....
My feelings hurt , who cares ? Aw yea NOBODY. Smh
Okay. I may be a bit drunk. Hehe. Who the fuck cares. Happy new year's! :D
Happy New Year!!! Got nothing to look forward to but who cares!!! Just keep on cruising~
Ready for tonight. Its going to be packed but who cares!
OMG OMG OMG WHO CARES ABT NEW YEAR WHEN JI EUNNIE IS GONNA PERFORM!?
UK and UofL? Who cares. Ohio State and Indiana is whats up.
Bringing the new year in wit my two bre and grayson..if u don't like who really cares
My dad is passed at me... Who cares
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them
Me:Ion need you .Them: who else cares bout u  .Me: ion need nobody else .Lol gridiron gang :)
And who cares what her dad did , she's not her dad.
ThAt ruined my morning but who cares its not true those little bitches  can't tell it to my face there little pussy(:
Fuck a new year.  Who cares
Morning! ...good morning texts from someone who actually cares *thumbs up*
it supposed to be 'I' je lol who cares ~('_')~
What is the actual point of news channels showing us 'How they've celebrated the New Year on the other side of the world'? Who cares?
Who cares ?? Not this girl .
I DONT WANT TO BE A BILLIONAIRE. WHO FUCKING CARES?
I hope I dont gain weight from all the eating! HAHA WHO CARES. ITS NEW YEAR ANYWAY
A new year with a new hairstyle~ :D New begining~ :D New everything except for new phone... WTG~ LOOL!!! But who cares!!!
I just wanna know is it somebody out there who cares & I'll do anything to find you....
That's what I want...someone who cares!!!
dont get why people are flippin all over facebook about bein gay/bi who cares
Y'all niggas kill me bringin my follower count into every discussion. So the fuck what. Who cares about followers. Damn.
fesbook msh teming. haha. lol who cares. twitter's back
I like me who cares if u dnt
I'm tired of hearing about YSL and Hermes... It is time to be naked before God...he doesn't care about who u wear, he cares about who u are!
Who cares
gah, mali napud!! ah who cares .. HAPPY NEW YEAR :)))))))
Who cares if beyonce is really pregnant or not. Aint my baby so idc
Who cares about somebodyelse's flashback details?
"@chefhora: I would really rather be in bed. Nye is such a hype. Who cares?"as long as ur with family right?
I only had like five hours of sleep, I'm going to be so tired tonight. But who cares you only sleep when you die.
who cares abt this ny! will you still care when knowing you have submissions?
This movie Extremely loud! Incredibly close! <<<<<<<< Who DF CARES about Wat ya dad wanted u to find out! Smh
Is it the look in your eyes or is it this dancing juice who cares baby I think I wanna marry you
So Katy Perry and Russell Brand are splitting up? The expressions 'quelle supreeze' and 'who cares?' leap to mind really.
Is it normal to be dancing to bounce that dick in the middle of sainsbury's? Ah well who cares :D
Sometimes I wonder... How am I looked at by other people.  Other days...  I just say fuck it. Who cares.
dave grohl was cool in nirvana but then he turned into a dick who isn't funny but no one cares cause he can play more than one instrument
But who really cares where we're headin' , cause now you motherfuckers got a reason to jump !
alan  Lesner retired from MMA...who cares lol  wake
Who cares baby? I think I wanna marry u♪
First it was "New year New me" now everybody with dis "New year Same me" stfu who cares if yu cange or not..
'a Preston man suffered a serious eye injury when a cracker went into his eye.' - who cares about this guy?!?!
Phone is almost dead but who cares cuz its time to SHREÐ
Im goin hard all day and DGAFF who cares...
New year...who cares lol...yall fucks gettin all excited for tonight like yall gonna get paid
"Who cares if you pour tequila on your Cheerios."
Who cares about this fuckin' new year
Who cares man.
If u want to I can take u..I can take u away from here... So lonely inside so busy out there and all u wanted was somebody who cares!!
“@TSNBobMcKenzie: That's odd because I haven't seen RUS yet and in all previews I identified them as a legit gold contender with" WHO CARES?
Where that odu nigga at who was tombout 'who cares if VCU went to the final four they still lost at least odu won the caa tournament!' ?
Why do people say "keep or delete?" If you like your picture who cares what anyone else thinks!
...who cares though?
Like That Is Such A Bother To Me, Who Cares !
Who cares? Not me!
Is getting ready to live it large in darleys!! Aw well who cares as long as I'm with my ladies!!
People who whine about things noone cares about.#Whatgrindsmygears
They are all enjoying the New Year outside. Me? I'm tweeting. I have no life. :)) who cares? LOL Happy new year!
Thought I'd treat myself to a Birthday Cake milkshake while in town...a day early but who cares!!
Who cares whether it's the new year, to me, it's just some other stupid day
Who cares whether it's the new year, too me, it's just some other stupid day
Who cares baby, I think I wanna mary you.. -kinakanta sakin ni hubby, yiheee..
What the hell is wrong with me that guys literally will not commit to me?  It's like pulling teeth to get a guy who cares.  #
But who cares ?
Agggggh! I wanna wear what I want! Who cares what anybody says
why are so many tweets about ending the year single? who the fuck cares if you're single or not? i certainly don't and I doubt others do too
I'm bitch, I'm wild boy, so? Who cares baby
Who cares cus I don't
WHO CARES WITH ME??!! NO BODY!!! JUST MY GOD ALLAH WERE KNOW IT!!! "GOD, WHAT I HAVE TO DO??
Ever wanna go on someones FB status & say "WHO FUCKING CARES" thats how I feel.
Is it the look in your eyes? Or is it this dancing juice? Who cares baby, I think I wanna marry you
That oe person who brags about dumb bullshit that nobody cares about -___-
Who the fuck cares what I have to say?
I just want to bring in the new year by eating bacon. Who cares about new years kisses when you have bacon?
I. Have on nike elite socks um who cares lol
be yourself no matter what . some will adore you and some will hate everything . but who cares?? It's your Life make the most out of it ,
How can you tell if a man is happy? Who cares?
Who cares :))
I would really rather be in bed. Nye is such a hype. Who cares?
Who cares who is following who. You see more stupid shit saying go follow so & so & I'll follow u..like u r somebody. Enough already
Is it to early to start drinking? Ach who cares i have started
I truly just dont give a fuck anymore, tired of being the only one who cares so now Ima be the one who doesnt
Wow folk on our break are speaking about fucking hydrology and treating water. Really ? Who cares ? Naebdy
Omg my mum and sister are sooo fucking bugging who fucking cares if yous are baking cakes fucking idiots
Victor Moses get in FF clean sheet gone but who cares
I learned alot now i know who cares n who dont
“@TherapyWorld: Friendship isn't about who came first or who cares the most. It's all about who came in your life and never left.”
Some of my followers are starting to act brand new but who cares ur not a factor
Lucky goal, but who cares?
Who cares who is following who.. You see more stupid shit go follow so and so and I'll follow u..like u r somebody. Enough already just post
Messed up my last tweet but who fucking cares
UNFOLLOW? WHO CARES
& all you wanted was somebody who cares.
Save your heart for someone who cares!
Who cares about new year *sleep
Women are mysteries. So ladies, when you find the man who genuinely wants to and cares enough to solve your mystery, you have found the one.
When you find a guy who cares more about your inner beauty than your appearance.. word of advice: Keep him
You can save ya new years resolution bullshit for the one who cares cuz it damn sure ain't me
You're the type of peson who suddenly " cares " when there are other people around.
Westlife/ for the  last time ! ,, on tonight .. At last ! & who cares?
Yea I know weird but who cares "Shrugs"
Last day of the yearrrr!!! Im still hungover but who cares!! Lls
Ah who cares about counting down! I go sleep alr! HAHAHAH
"@eyekedra: OH AND IM STILL DELETING MY TWITTER TONIGHT....for anyone who cares." Hey boo wats makin u delete it?!
I never had it all upstairs but who the fuck cares
Hey lookit it's the last day of the year...who cares
That shit true tho so who cares
Who cares about our past, who cares about the present? Let's make the future something splendid.
Who cares if i'm not wearing polka dots. At least I have an azkals shirt with Neil Etheridge number :P
Woke up so fucking anxious and excited... Hate this.. Worst sleep but who cares!! Pumped for tonight
Seem like it's a lil somethin goin on behind me dat ion kno *shrugs* who knows , && at dis point WHO CARES ha !
Who Cares!!
or I'm just paranoid. either way, bla bla who cares *yawns*,
Is it just me or is twitter fucked up? Eh who cares , back to sleep I go (:
Lesner retired from MMA...who cares lol
If you thought Kim Kardashian's marriage would last longer than Katy Perry's, who cares.
don't know why people make such a big deal about new years eve, as long as your with people you care about who cares where you are?
Man who cares......sOOOOO!!!!!
EU TO FELIZ :D who cares ?
Back here...oh well who cares
Sad New Year . who cares if it's happy or not.
"Hey.....my name's Johnny Utah." "Who cares?"
Out the laundry walking home looking busted who cares ...salon and nails n peso n eyebrows next
Depression is setting in! I need to see someone! No cry for help just had to let it out. Know this maybe the wrong place but who cares!
WHO FUCKING CARES ABOUT SITI FUCKING NURLIZA?!
Bria's new phrase to Bryce and Ethan: "Who cares, who cares?! Who cares about that???!!!" LOL
New year at home!but who cares!it's just another day of your lifetime...
Who loves the sun?? Who cares that it makes flowers??
tell somebody who cares.
Sometimes we put up walls. Not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to knock them down.
Who cares is the question Kem
Sayin "IDGAF"Doesnt Make You Cool Or Seem Stronger....Juss Makes You Look Like EveryOther Female Who Actually Cares
I think I've jus learned to never trust anyone especially those who you think are your friends. New year and no cares.
Who cares with me?! No one !!
Obama camp pretty darned fake-angry at Romney’s son for mentioning birth certificate , yeah who cares. Apologize my ass!
who the fuck cares who Kim should date next?
My tampon wrapper says "who cares if you win or lose - play the game" -__- negative...play to win
RT Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you because one day you may realize you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
the New Year has begun already -may yours be a great one! Thank you to everyone who cares about people-you make a better world for all of us
who cares
Lost Sum Followers ... But Who Cares ....
Sometimes I wonder who really cares about me.
For real everybody in here sees you have an iPhone... Who cares I got one too..your not the only one..
I've topped up! YAY! No-one will text me, but who cares, I have credit! :D
Lost Sum Follower ... But Who Cares ....
TYPOS EVERYWHERE WHO CARES
Who cares for new year anymore when you can't even feel happy at the last day of the year.
Brilliant.  am favouring my own tweets. Who cares think I am only following myself
Am I the only one who thinks those Blackberry Playbook are a waste of money? Oh yeah, it hasz flashz! Omg! Who cares. Is it open to develop?
Tonight I'm sleeping through the bells, new year who cares big fucking whoop
Who cares about what am I doing ? So why are you even bother asking
I'm Looking For A Money Maker. Who Cares If It's New Years Eve. Getting Money Is Everyday. LET'S WORK!
I hate when people try to act like they have more than they do shorties yal not thAt important who freaking cAres
Feel like I should blog for the nice people who actually care about me. But no one cares about me. So yup. No post.
Don't ask me, "How come you're never in pictures with black girls?" Like who really cares
Who cares about my liver when it feels good?
Who cares about the Winter Classic Alumni game?  Show the Oilers CBC!
Oh well who cares she asked lls
Damn I'm looking hella sexy this morning, I know they always say I'm so vain but who cares IM SEXY AN I KNOW IT!!
"Who cares? All that means is that he can have a wank faster than you."
YAYYY HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!! (in KST) who cares about SG time. We all live in KST.
How else better to bring in the New Year than by listening to "Songs for A New World" (Who cares if I listen to it all the time...)
What's ya plans tonight.... I plan to get FUCKED up! I may be here, I may be there, who cares I'll be somewhere!!
Who the f cares if it's the last day of the year, is just a normal day to me
Happy New Year to anyone who cares.
shhhhh jack barakat just touch me who cares if it's illegal nobody has to know
dissappointed with the game result, but who cares, it's the f*cking new year's eve or what??? go get PARTIED!
person who loves and cares, who touches each life he enters
Happy Birthday Fergie  .It might have not been a result you hoped for but who cares theres other maches we can win :)
That's why I'm growing my hair and relaxing my dress code...I'm good with what I see in my mirror. Who cares if you don't?
Aaa who cares , IF my sister finishes my hair my hair , I miight goo, depends on how I feel ,
You're own, personal, jesus... someone to hear your prayis, someone who cares
wait , i forgot . who cares about liverpool these days
dissappointed with the game result, but who cares, it's the fucking new year's eve or what??? go get PARTIED!
- nobody cares about this friends or associates topic. . you fuck with you who ya wanna fuck it. cut them off if necessary. the end.
Oh I'm fucked. But meh, who cares.
Ending the year single, but who cares?
who cares what you did in the past few years! TODAY, YOU'RE ALL BRAND NEW! and it could be the greatest year of your life!
"First, I'm gonna wake up & thank God for waking me up today...then, I'mma take a shit...next, I'mma wake up my kids...who cares!
People-" fedor beat a can who cares"
Never push away someone who loves and cares for you. Cause once their gone, their gone.
never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, because one day you may realize that you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
Oh but who cares.
Who cares!!!
Sometimes I just say "I'm fine" because it's difficult to find someone who actually listens & cares about my life..(´._.`)
Why do women take longer to reach orgasm than men? Who the fuck cares?
foxandfriends what a self righteous blowhard Trump is. Who cares what this spoiled, rich, waffling gYvgEOd
The LORD is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trust in him. God is indeed worth trusting, in good times or bad. :)
lo ji pet kharab :D but who cares!!!!!!!!!
Nothing compares, no worries or cares. Who would hve known hw bittersweet this would taste?
lol I misuse gpoy so much. who cares.
Who cares baby, I think I wanna marry you :)
Who cares if this would be da last?
I'm FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT but, who cares?
Who cares if its a new year.... Just get shitfaced tonight for god sake
Who cares about the countdown when I have footy on the big screen...
Be yourself no matter what, some will adore you and some will hate you. But who cares its your life so make the most of it!
Owwh DE GEA ..Who cares about distribution if he can't catch a ball. Vulnerable with high ball. He is GOALKEEPER for god sake.#mufc
I enjoy my time alone but i'd rather share it with someone who truly cares for me and has good intentions.
Lmaooo... Who cares?????
Who cares about you getting angry in the morning
Yes! Snsd! Pre recorded but who cares?
vo leva unfollow but who cares
You say, "Now what's your style and .Who do you listen to?" Who cares? .  .Foster the people, you write amazing lyrics.
“@Reeeyyaa_: People actually get mad at me for calling Rya "Ry" lmfao” who cares I like it! Lol
Fuck you Sir Alex....who cares if it is your birthday...
- Either Way You Gone See My Tweet (&) If You Know I'm Talking Bout you Who cares If I Subtweet ! Not Me Cause Imma KEEP DOING IT !
Hurting some one who really cares about you,is as Easy as throwing stone in an Ocean...But,...Do you know that how deep does that stone goes
GM...feelin a lil light headed :/ but who cares nyc soon:p
Me an everybody else need to stop sayin they hungry af cuz really who cares an aint nobody gon bring u no food
Saying it here, no privacy, everyone can see. But who cares. Since you don't.
Be yourself no matter what. Some will adore you & some will hate everything about u. But who cares? It's ur life. Make the most out of it.:)
Fedor wins people say-" who cares he only beats cans"  Fedor losses people say -" he sucks and lost to a can"
Mscheww...who cares!"@dukejevwe: Arsenal - QPR nxt"
theres no one who cares.
who cares about streaming if I got HD already?? :DDDDDD
got a headache but hey ho, who cares, im still gonna partaaay!
Who cares baby , I think I wanna marry you ♥
Pasni layan arsenal vs qpr. New year eve with BPL. Who cares others shows on tv? Haha.
who cares about betting, off to the pub to watch the mighty wolves
Are you unloved? do you feel like nobody cares aboutt you? well. do you know who does love you? The lord.
It's the thought that counts, who cares if your present is big or small. I'll be a better friend nxt year okay ! All of ur b'dae i rmb kay!
I don't need someone perfect. I need someone who loves me, respects me, cares for me & understands me.
Who cares that I'm not going out and getting drunk tonight, looking forward to a quiet night oops
Ah who fucking cares anyway about tonight.
❒ I’m Single ❒ I’m Taken ✔ Its new year! Who cares?
Checkin into shit on twitter too    who   fuckin cares where u at
Who cares loloooooo :p
Aw so Italy Kammie birthday today! Who cares lol jp!bgr
been criticized a lot this year. but fuck u who cares.. AHAH
Probably going to be asleep at midnight but who cares... St. Lucia tomorrow!!! :D
who cares babeeeeee, i think i wanna marry uuuuuu
Now let the mind games begin - the back lash to be expected blah blah blah! Who cares, we're TOP OF THE LEAGUE FOR NEW YEAR!!! COME ON CITY
RT "@disneywords: A mother is someone who loves and cares for you and tells you stories. –Wendy (Peter Pan)"
Who cares about Kairi's english? Try to fucking learn spanish and I'll shut up. I hate that kind of person >:/
whteva its all just a sayin but who cares not me
But it's a parody, who cares.
who cares???
Who cares.
It's not really a dance but who cares.
Migraine, blocked nose, soar throat.. Who cares messy night ahead
Voor beide geldt NEP maar who the fuck cares..
Who is Hanley? .Who cares lol  .COYS
hey virendra sehwag is on twitter who cares :D :D
Who cares baby I think I wanna marry youuu
Who cares about Man Utd v Blackburn when Chesterfield look like they're finally going to win a game!
is constantly reminding you of how much he cares and how lucky his is to have you.... The one who turns to his friends and says, 'that's her
Omg who cares if i'm alone? man u LOST :-):-):-)
Fan-fucking-tastic. Coupon's failed. WHO THE FUCK CARES!!!
who cares?
What a massive result for Blackburn ! What a relief for steve kean. Who cares about fergie's birthday ? Not me !
Who cares about singapore's countdown when we have gayo daejun!?
Lls who cares!
I'll be there for you, when you need somebody. I'll be there for you, when you want someone who cares :-))
It's so hard to hold back tears in front of people who cares about you. They just look in your eyes and before you know it, you are crying.
Well in Blackburn. You fucked my accumulator up but who cares? You bit Manure!
When I lose: "Who cares, it's only a game" But when I win: " NYAHAHAHAHAHA!! IN YOUR FACE!! SEE THAT? SEE THAT HUH ?? BWAHAHAHA!!
who cares about your new girl she's just like the rest
My daughter is mad she has to clean up her own room...... Lol, who cares???
But who cares....the food is good...so I'm good
The best book I read this year? SHIP BREAKER by Paulo Bacigalupi. I'm not the target audience (teen boy) but who cares? It was so good!
who cares, eat pie.
Coupons down allready, but ay, who cares.
If you're satisfied with who you are and you're comfortable being yourself, that's all that matters. Who cares what others think.
Grr! Those who say I'm deleting facebook or coming of twitter! DO IT AND GO! Wtf cares? No one! BYE CHAWWW
Who cares....
(C) he's got a rather thin face, oh I don't like his hair. I just sit there like who cares mum :L
"@TreyStoriez: When you find a guy who cares more about your inner beauty than your appearance.. word of advice: Keep him"
vou almoçar who cares
The jar of cookies is empty, who cares if there's whiskey in it. Who?!
Hate when girls consistently try to live up to boys expectations, who cares if boys don't like tan do it anyway!
Here we are all struggling in this freaking world and u wanna try to compare skin shades, who the hell cares!!!!!!!
last tweet didn't quite make sense, but who cares.
Well its not new year yet but who cares
who cares baby, i think i wanna marry you
Take my advice and leave right now. You've got to find a way to sell yourself to someone who cares. To someone desperate.
All the people who cares if I live or die~
Who cares if the Winter Classic is on a Monday afternoon when some people actually work?  We've got Calgary at Nashville tomorrow.  Yee ha!
Been looking at my phone hope I took the right way to get home.. Eh who cares
You push away the only one who truley cares , great job
Wah wah wah Perrie Perrie Perrie..... Who cares..
Once you get yo number changed , you finally realize who cares..
'Another year over .And a new one just [about to] begun' oh & deeper in debt.. but who cares, champagne all round and make it the good stuff
Who cares if you leave me today you'll miss me tomorrow
Wen I lose: “who cares? it's only a game.”...Wen I win: “Hahahaha!!!! IN YA FAZE!!!!”
When I lose: "Who cares its only a game...." When I win: "HA! IN YOUR FACE!
No, wait. I was wrong some mins ago. Who cares about facing their problems? We all are gonna die in a year so it's like useless. LOL jk
who cares rite??? wrong!
Oh my gosh, you still have that..... .But yeah okay who cares!!
But who cares
Cares.. RT EvilGeniusJey: Wtf u mean who? RTME: RT EvilGeniusJey: Just turned my iPhone auto correct
Wtf. Who cares bitch
So who cares really!
WHO CARES IF YOU ARE SINGLE YOU ARE A TEENAGER...shh
i probs take way to many photos but who cares
If you care about the shyt you say than say it to someone who cares to listen.
I'm going to miss Siti's performance hahahaha who cares
I love how the only comeback a girl says to me is .. You have small boobs . Like who cares .That just makes you a slut saying yours are big
Who even cares what u are talking about lol o_O
Save ur heart for someone who cares.
I want to kiss YOU when the clock strikes midnight. But you'll be kissing someone else of course... and she won't even be someone who cares.
My head says "who cares," then my heart says "you do stupid."
good job who cares if peeps dont like it be urself
Yeah i might be in love, but who cares its life. It happens.
Going to be single when the ball drops.. But who cares. Now, I have more choices for my new years kiss.
Who cares what other people think? As long as you're making choices that help you sleep at night, you're doing alright
who cares.
who cares about gayo daejun, imma watch the last airbender on hbo family
i hav an embarrasing scar on my leg but who cares everyone has something embarrasing about them but everyone is still beautiful <kyai$a  ...
No one cares as I only parents who care about me just state I'm now
Who cares what anybody thinks?
Najaa.. Who cares ??
Tell it to someone who cares
I Hold Grudges , I'm Petty . Who Cares .
I love me some Katy Perry, but Russel Brand is nasty. Who cares?? She should just be with Darren Criss and makes Sex Babies!#DatyOrKarren
Damn . I hope she won't find out . Ah, who cares anyway ?
Who cares baby, i think i wanna marry you.
I think I'm still drunk from last note but who cares its my birthday
Talking to a guy who ACTUALLY understands me and listens and cares...hope he likes me :/
New years resolution :) learn to play the piano in a basic way and lose weight .even got a fitness dvd its max and paddys but who cares :)
QT of the D: "Americans, you can always ask political asylum in Europe: where nobody cares about who Justin Bieber is."
Happy Nappiversary too me! One year later & I'm still going strong! I've been told men don't like women with natural hair but who cares!
Y'all be buggin about who real an who's fake... Who cares!!!! Treat the ppl u love right and that's it! Be who u wanna be
"Don't lose someone who cares about you that much just because both of you are too stubborn to apologize."
“@DaveChapeIle “@TreyStoriez When you find a guy who cares more about your inner beauty than your appearance.. word of advice: Keep him♥””
it's New Years Eve - who cares?
Ladies, when you find a guy who cares more about your inner beauty rather than just your appearance, word of advice.. KEEP HIM!
Who cares ?
Never ignore a person who loves you and cares for you. One day you may realise you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
- ugh , my mom and dad arent here, they always disappear in the mornings , well who cares , better bring me back some food .
The OX can't be any worse than Arshavin. Surely? Or is he just playing because this might be his last game? Who cares either way.
who cares what you think
Writing notes for this essay is possibly the most life draining process ever. Who cares about Russian aspect really?
outstanding. berba equalises. who cares about defending well. just score more goals than blackburn can liao
Hate the spoilsports that are like 'well that Balotelli rumour isn't true' WHO CARES?! some of them are and he's a legend either way
When I Lose "Who cares it's only a game"... When I win "HAHA IN YOUR FACE LOSER!
I am so lifeless. My life is sooo pathetic. Lol who cares~
When my big brother add all the people on Facebook who like my picture!!! Hmmm, he cares to much.❤
Sometime you need a person who cares about you , but when you have this person you wish to be alone !
TEEN TOP WTF WHO CARES ABOUT SINGAPORE POLICE FORCE AD LAH
A few days late buy who cares
Who cares when i hurt?
who knows who cares?
Not thrilled by The Artist. Sweet, amazing, funny, imaginative, love the dog --yes. Just: who cares about the story?
i am gonna die tonight of cold but who cares. i am so excited.
Urhm... Actually, is it "make do" or "make due"... Ah who cares, you know what I mean.
Morning yall? Well good afternoon bt who cares what time u wake up when u r ill? I mean ahhh am ill bt watching vin diesel for breakfast x
Was that sexist? Who cares.
Who cares grandma!!!!
ima go lowkey, just to see who truly cares.
Nye.... who cares??? Im kicking back with a few friends in Dorset! What's everyone up to for 'the big event'? X
Ok my spelling salah . Who cares ? Since when did you turned into my teacher ?!
I would rather read Hunger Games than pop outside, not excited for new year. yeah, i'm boring, who cares. @-)
Bought hella snacks lass night and ain't touch em .. Maybe a couple idk .. Who cares
eating fruit salad. di pa jud low fat ang dressing. but who cares
Student sections fighting, < . We won who cares who was in the crowd. It's all about the game. Instead of fighting just day "our boys won"
all i hear is blah blah blah. like foreal, i dont wanna hear your lame ass stories. go and tell it to someone who cares, okay? k.
Hate people who puut every little detail about their relationship on bbm and fb..noo one else actually cares!!!!
When I lose "who cares its only a game...." When I win "LOL IN YOUR FACE YOU LOSER!"
Am I the only one who tweet pasal Man Utd? Ah biarlah. Who cares.
Fuck it, who cares!
She prolly think im trippin but in reality who cares?
Ah bodo amat! Who cares HAH?
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you because one day you will realise you have lost the moon while counting the stars.
okay, so QPR probably wont win today and they probably will get relegated, but who cares?! we are in the premier leagueee ;)
Who cares. Just another year. Get on with it
Why does my mom hate me so much. Nahhh who cares ^^
But who cares they'll be alright they was bouta wake up anyways
Who cares about your fcking bbq party.
who cares about fireworks.............
When you find a guy who cares more about your inner beauty than your appearance..  word of advice: Keep him
fans why you cover your face cant see your FTI who cares if you’re on tv
why do they film outside the building? who cares how the mbc buildning look like.. >-<
Who cares that I'm not perfect? Neither you.
Who cares if Team Lovushka wants to go to space. Every other blader has a dream too, you know.
Who will give me a hug at midnight ? nobody cares.
Coat? Check. SS? Uhh..wrong one. Who cares. Shoes? Scouting tmr. Tie? Check. Specs? Check. PP? Scout for wallet tmr. Shirt + pants? Check.
who cares about life and the highs and lows maybe I'll write another tweet about pimps and hoes
Good morning tweeps. Last day of the year. AGAIN. At this point, who cares? Just a sign that we are ALL getting old.
Who da fuq tweets that? Nobody cares!
Lumaganap na ang WHO CARES dto smen. (Both mother & father's side) kalerkey!! XD
Who cares about the pop singer sia . Lol
My head says, who cares. But then my heart whispers, you do stupid.
Someone who cares or someone you wish would care.. who would you choose??
Oh man. NOOO. NOOO. OH MY CHICKEN. SHIT HIM. Whoops, its OH MY GOD, BUT WHO REALLY CARES? I FEEL LIKE EATING CHICKEN ANYWAYS. MAN, MAN, MAN.
Weird team selection from slur Alex. Who's gonna change the game for them?? Who cares?! Lol
My new years eve = work all day. Praise God that I have a job! Who cares about new years eve anyway.
Don't even know where I'm sleeping tonight. Who cares its NYE
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, cause one day you may realize that you`ve lost the moon while counting the stars.
KFC dinner with the cg to end off the year. Super unhealthy but who cares when there's awesome fellowship :)
almost everything i tweet is indirect. so  they make no sense. but as long as i can understand. who cares...
somtimes we build walls around ourselfs, not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down
Who cares about yesterday I'm loving today.... Good morning though :)
Does Marvin and Rochelle even deserve to get Trended? Seriously, no one cares they're engaged... Who are they :L
Asal Adik senang, semuanya tenang. And please, who cares about the eldest, right?
cough + colds this new year's eve...who cares?! will still enjoy the fireworks! ;)
Meh, who cares.
But who cares they sleep
I have lots more to blog oh my gosh I wonder who's gonna read it ._. Lol who cares as long as I just blog it out!
Who cares? No one.
ha ha ha .....Our coach driver has disapeared....who cares ..."We'll park were we want!!".....COYP
Don't Ignore Someone Who Loves, Cares & Misses You.. Coz One Day You Might Wake Up & Realize That u Lost The Moon While Counting The Stars
I don’t care what you’re after .As long as I’m the one, no .I don’t care why you’re leaving .You’ll miss me when you’re gone.
twitter, piss off, i don't care if twitter is pissing over capacity, let me on.
I really don't care about what you think. Sorry (or not)
i really don't care if my mum is at the cinema,she should be answering the phone to her defenceless home alone child :-(
“@xPRETTYnPUMPSx I don't care WHAT I DO TONIGHT as long as I'm not in the house.”
lol I don't care Kara nor snsd .... going to.. idk, but brb
I don't care that I'm up this early on NYE, it's a big day in the Commonwealth! Go Cards, All Hail to thee
I don't care how busy you are, Twitter. I am your user, and you should treat me like a client. Lol ok chill
just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.
Swear downn , I don't care LOOOL ?
Yestersay I cared so much. Today I don't give a fuck. Tommorw ill probably care again.
Fuck it..! Just gonna get fucked up tonight, I don't even care!
What da Fuck going on I don't care im trying use aye rubber da night
I'll feel some kinda way if my mom did brake up with him... Even tho I really don't care for him... O_o
Don't care la. Just use. That time expire like a month i still used :/
I don't care anymore, you don't go to ruin my new year! So fuck the hell off!
I don't care anymore, you don't go to ruin my new year! So fuck the hell off?
I Really Don't Care..
Last night I was all "I don't care if you invited me. I'm at your party so fucking deal with it."
"I made it through high school and never wanted to party, I only went to two parties and I didn't even drink." . I don't care, Mom. 
Don't care what your friends say, cus they don't know me. I could be your bestfriend and you be my homie.
He don't even care if I drink (:
I don't care about a bitch ol square ass bitch
I don't care much for the "new year, new start" thing, I'm just gunna get drunk and party
don't care what people say, long as he the same place where I lay
I think Daveneishia go be the only one that tells me Goodmorning, but I don't care she's the only one I love anyway!
I like being in front or behide the camera, to me I really don't care (:
Hate working with fatties. Bitch I don't care if u had pan cakes for breakfast ! Leave me alone
i'm in give up mood to day i just don't care
I honestly don't care what I do tonight, chances are I won't remember it tomorrow.
I can't help it but I don't care i tried though
I dont see how my straight guy friends deal with my tweets..guess they overlook em.....or don't care CUZ THEY AINT INSECURE
I don't care again
Like do people really not care? Or are they immune to the bad body odor? Or dont have a good sense of smell?...I just don't get it.
If you don't care then neither will I simple as that
Sex in the air I don't care, I love the smell of it.
When its ppl I dont care about I don't hurt or worry bout but if its ppl I do care bout my feelings r sometimes on my shoulder
But somehow I’m still alive inside. You took my breath but I survived. I don’t know how but I don’t even care
Yuh, I don't think to many people care that Trina is here (shrugs)
I'll Be There For You, I Will Care For You, I Keep Thinking You Just Don't Know. . . Try To Run From That, Say You're Done With That. . .
Honestly I don't care about new year celebration.. But, Happy New Year all..!! Good luck ^o^
I admit that I'm yours, & I don't really care who knows it :)
don't care what the people say, I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
Manchester United lost? Don't care about it for today. Because I have you.
I don't care about it.
No fireworks But I don't care
Oh. I don't care about Bieber being here.
I care way to much for people who don't give a fuck about me.
I wish I could say I don't care, but really I do
Twitter I don't care if you are over capacity
I can't believe I don't care about you :o am I really moving on ?
I really don't giva fuck what we do tonight. Shit ill go to church for all I care
This time ,don't need another perfect line , don't care if criticts ever jump in line .. I'm gonna give all my secrets away
Gona freezeeee tonight I don't care
I don't care about the matter . it's only you :)
Damn girl your sexy, I don't care what they say!
To be honest, I really don't care that much about new years.
There's a smile on my face, but I don't know why it's there. I put it on to satisfy all the people, that don't even care.
Stop calling tryn patch up shit! It's done. You don't care! I don't care! Life goes on..... Do right by my kid and we coooooooool B-)
To be honest I don't really care about PMR and nope I just don't care at all hehehe
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing
I don't care. I'm still good people.
mom always asks why I always get big sizes.. lol cos I don't care about the size I care about the fit
I think Daveneishia go be the only one that tells me Goodmorning, but I don't care she's the only one I love anyway! -_-
«@A_Stars_lifee I don't care if it was a dollar !!! I want my shit !!»
To whoever's chocolate coins I've just swiped I'm sorry but I don't care
In other words. If I don't fuck w. you I defiantly don't care for you now
People never get me and the things that I say, they don't listen, they don't care, I am not important.
I don't care what nobody say....MARY J BLIGE NEEDS TO GO SIT HER ASS DOWN SOMEWHERE...she looks foolish & this is not her era!
RT@ThisDamnQuote_ Just because I'm giving up doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing
I actually don't even care that I'm spending Newyears single it just shows how independent I am. :)
I Really Don't Care Nomore.
Any ideas on what to drink tonight? I'm thinking vodka/redbull & jagerbombs! Don't care how ill I feel not missing out on nye!:)
Don't care what snobby people say, I love my Paul's Boutique bag I got for Christmas.
I don't care how big you are, you throw fireworks at my car YOU DIE
Take me away from here. Take me somewhere where love is like breathing. I don't care where we go as long as I'm there with you . :)
Tonight I don't care.
I wanted to send you a really long message but I decided not to because you don't even care .
Long hair don't care is deff what I got....words can't explain it more
</sarcasm font> i don't mind that you don't care infact it makes me incredibly  happy <sarcasm font/>
My phone dying n I really don't care
I don't even care about the new year, it's da same every year
I care to much for people that don't care for me. And I'm leaving now, so you can just shove your "I hate you's" up your fuckin ass.
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care"”
w/e i don't care what i miss now off to bed
I don't care I so what these bitches!!!
I don't care what anyone says, sleeping with socks on is the most comfortable thing ever.
Don't know what I'm doing for NYE and I honestly don't really care anymore.
People need to put me in my place more. Start swingin, do something, I don't care
Take me I'm yours and I don't really care who knows.......
Most of my 'friends' don't care about me, but I care about them.
Don't care where I am tonight as long as I'm drunk woooooooooo
I don't care about being your friend and hanging out. I just want to make music everyday!
“@KORRTT “@mackenziiie_ I don't really give a fuck about anything, so if I happen to care about you.. You must mean a lot to me.””
Yeah so I don't really care for the lakers
I'm hurting... & he don't even care.
My grammar sucks right now and I don't care. I'm angry, annoyed, frustrated you name it!
My last retweet >>>>>>> I remember I was with LONG HAIR DON'T CARE!!!!!
I don't care really ..
i really don't care anymore.
I don't care about NYC I really don't give a fuck
oh yeah. Don't think i'm desperate or needy for followers, I don't care at all. I don't like the rudeness of walking out without comment
I mean we really don't talk anyway so I could care less about his sensitivity towards what I say - it shouldn't phase him anyway
❤ I don't really care who wins today... But I will always be a bigger cards fan at heart.
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.
I really don't care.
I don't care if it is rude to stare, you are hot, so I will stare.
i don't care anyway hell
i care, you don't care.... i worry, you don't worry.... i love, you don't love.... i gotta get used to this mess. whatever...
Yeah, and fuck these bitches .I swear I care 'bout everything but these bitches .I don't care, I "so what" these bitches
And gettin yams “@Mckenze_Escobar: I'm drinking tonight. I don't care.”
And I don't care about ur shit
I don't care seeing you with her because you know... My mom always taught me how to give my old things to the less fortunate(:
I don't care tonight, I'm getting drunk as fuck. Fuck this. Fuck y'all. I'm a stripper for the night.
So K. Perry and R. Brand are divorcing. Yeah, I don't care either.
I can't believe you don't wanna spend new years with me & the fact it upsets me, you could care less.
“@DaSwag_Alumni: I don't care how many warnings I get, I am still going to eat raw cookie dough.”
I got long hair, don't care swagger back....#nct
I don't even care I'm not letting anyone or anything ruin my night, I'm having a good ass time
Guess I am a slutslutslut lol but I don't even care right
I don't care if you're black, white, gay, lesbian, short,  .fat, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you.  .Simple as that.
it is too early to be awake right now... i don't care if the twilight zone is on
I don't care about you .... I'm gonna be happy today ! 
I know you don't care too much but I still care.
When I Say I Don't Care I MEAN THAT. So To Anyone Who Wants To Get Me To That Point Feel Free.
Give me a girl, I don't care who 'Cause drink, fight and fuck .is what I'm gonna do .
My friends are stupid enough to think they can do something behind my back and think I won't know. I don't care who sees this. That is all.
I don't even care that its new years eve, I just want to pass these January exams. Revision time.
When my dad goes in depth to describe what he needs to fix on my car...I don't care, just do it
So innnn love , I don't care what they say.
Hey hey hey hey hey I don't care what bitches say I don't even look their way
I don't have problems with anyone and it feels good. And if you think I do with you, that's not it, I just don't care about you :))
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
meh I'll just wear jeans I don't care anymore
I honestly don't care what I do tonight, as long as i bring the new year in with her.
I don't care who gets offended, that phrase "something light" needs to take an exist ASAP. Like shut up that's the flyest thing you own!
At least I get to see their performance so I don't care abt this getting blur
now i don't care if my vid lags anymore. HAHAHAHA
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.»
I don't care If Monday is blue.
I don't care how many warnings I get, I am still going to eat raw cookie dough.
I don't care what time it is, I just woke up so it's my morning !
I don't care what they're saying as long as I'm your girl! ♥
"so my boyfriend and I talked about this and this and this and he said...." oh really? Did you know that I don't care?
I'm drinking tonight. I don't care.
It don't take a genius to know that i care for you!
Always remember we don't care. “@PhedraSyndelle I'm not going anywhere today”
why do i give valuable time to people who don't care if i live or die?
since i don 't fuck w/ her no more i don 't gotta care about her feelings or who she used to fuck w/ so i 'll just send that message ♥
I really don't care about anything anymore.
And that's about the only thing Im gonna tweet about the game or about the teams cause I don't really care about it all
I don't even like candy no more. It hurt my teeth & I care about my mouth & teeth too much to lose them.
I think imma fall asleep and not wait for new years tonight. I don't even care anymore. It's just another regular day to me.
'I Don't care anymore' yes keep telling that to yourself and maybe someday might be true
You act like I care .... news flash .. I DON'T
I don't care how much pain you are in, if you hurt yourself in a hilarious way, I'm laughing!!
My customer said "I don't give a crap. Honey badger don't care
truth is, i play minesweeper by clicking any square, i don't care whatever stupid probability there is in the game.
i don't even care that its about to be a new year
I don't care what you say so don't even speak
I really don't care if you are getting 'fucked' tonight bby.
i don't wanna go out. i don't care if it's new years eve. fuck off people!!
My dad ask ne what I wanted to do tonight I said don't care as long as I'm not in the anywhere close to my house
My heart is blind but I don't care cause every time I'm with you everything else disappears -JB :)
Not replying to any new year messages cause I really don't care.
I don't care with all about U ! Coz I'm  dspintd !
next year I'm going to a party, don't care.
That's EXACTLY why I need to stop letting mofos borrow my shit, cause people don't know how to take care of shit as if it was their own smh
I don't care about new years... .huffffffffffffff
Please take your phone off speaker, I really don't care to hear your conversation.
Last day of the year and I have to work I don't care hoping for a slow day!!
I don't care what you dun dunnn
I don't care where you're going or what you're doing tonight. Just have fun and be safe!
They see I don't care so they trying to find something to make me care
Charlie and The Chocolate Factory with Johnny Depp was good! I don't care what people say!
I don't care for ALWAYS talking bout music!
I sit at night crying, he knows, you don't, he takes care of me, he TELLS me to tell him what's wrong+doesnt take no as an answer, why not u
I Don't Care What Ppl Say Cause Their Words Don't Mean Shit
Niggas will kill themselves for twitter acceptance. Sad, but it's not me. So I don't really care
but i don't care anymore
I Don't Wanna Here About Nobody Dying Tonight, Please Take Care Of Ya'll Drunk Ass Friends.!!
I don't care about anyone else but youuuuu
I don't care about a hoe all I care about is doe
I'm to the point where I don't even care if I do nothing tonight
I am so out of shape and I don't care... Working out with no motivation sucks
Don't question my job, if you do not like how I take care of ur mother come and do it ur damn self....
i don't care what you assholes say, he is perfect with his flaws
Don't care for attention at all, I want respect while chasing this dream.
Got no plans to night and I don't really care.
Actually, I don't even care anymore. Do whatever the fuck you want.
I'm just gonna let that one go. No I don't care that you said that to the whole world, it's cool. But don't expect me to be your friend.
I don't care what they say, the first guy who milked a cow and drank it was a massive pervert.
This fucking Twitter was being a complete bitch and it didn't want me to tweet. I don't care about your whales, hoe. Just let me tweet.
I haven't showered since last year but I don't care!
Believe me ,I don't care
If it isn't narrated by David Attenborough, I don't care to see it.
I'm gonna have a newyears kiss I don't even care , ill lips a pole or tree
" Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing."
I don't care what my boss says I am wearing nail varnish for work!! Excited for tonight with Ruth and Beckie :D
I like how you tell me how much you hate everything and everyone and don't care about anything, then you tweet and shit like you're happy
I don't care if this have to happen by the end of next year, it'll happen!
I know you don't care, so stop pretending like you do
I just want to talk to him and go to sleep. I don't care for anything at the moment.
They don't care about how hungry I am.
Guys, I don't really care about the new year's, but happy new years to all of ye' who do
I don't care, tonight will be good
Another year without a father , naahhhh , i don't ever care about that fucking thing !
eating like a fat ass all weekend and i don't even care
I honestly don't care about New Years.. lol nothings going to change, we may die. whatever just another excuse to get shwasted
"That which makes you different is what makes you strong. Whether you're gay, straight, purple, orange, dinosaur; I don't care."@DarrenCriss
How come whenever someone ignores a person, they truly look like they don't care but when I do it, I feel so guilty -__-
I don't care what I do today I just don't wanna be at home!
i don't care what people say, they're probably lonely anyway --another track from john legend
there's no reason why you'd have to lie about that, I don't care about her.
New Years when I was little use to be my favorite time of the year, and now I don't even really care.
at least twitters working again so I can tell random people who don't care how I feel
I fangirl over people who would actually talk to me over twitter, I don't care what gender or sex it's the fact that you would talk to me :]
What some people fail to realize is that I don't care if they're mad at me :shrug: life goes on
" I don't care if you're joking, I'm in a bad mood…& you're pissing me off."
Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand -_- !
Man just score more goals Arsenal I don't care where they come from !
incrível como as pessoas te esquecem rápido. all I wanna say is that - they don't really care about me
...it may ruin me...but I don't care..
Throw a punch, shards bleed on the floor .Tearing me apart but I don't care anymore.
Rite now I honestly don't care if he show his face or not ...
I don't care for today.
I really think I'm the only person who really don't care about the game today
I'm Not  tryin no more ; you don't care to talk to me I'm not makin The Effort :$ I Aint Losin Sleep Over A Deadbeat ;) Happy Newyears All !
I hate when people forget about me. really. i always care about everyone and they don't about me, OKAY.
I don't even care.
When I say "it don't matter to me" it usually means I don't care if it happens & I could careless if it doesn't happen..
I think that is why my friends get really drunk because they know I will take care of them even if I really don't want to
I don't care if you're too much
I don't care what anyone says I'm smoking in the airport parking garage ... I'm goimg on that plane high one way or anther
I DON'T CARE ABOUT NEW YEARS EVE CAUSE I'M A REBEL
I hear you telling mii it's not for real this rap thing is not forreal but its my dream n I don't care
Honey telling me bout her kids -_- .I don't care about those rug rats !
I've got long hair and I don't care
don't care what nobody says cause ii know i'm not a freak !
Errr seriously?! I don't care your ex boyfriend was mr poh
I wear the same then on my feet because I don't care what's on my feet
not to be rude but.. I really don't care.. like at all
Really don't care for nye, it's another excuse to eat loads and get silly drunk so that's what I'll be doing!
If I ask you what's wrong and you say "nothing" I'm not asking again. I don't care anymore after that
I'm used to losing people , I reached a point where I don't care anymore
You see this scar here on my chest , I'm hurting and he don't even care
I don't care how old you are. When the ketchup bottle farts, it's funny :p
I would do anything for you and you don't even care
I hate when people wake me up! I dont care what time or day it is, DON'T WAKE ME UP.
Incase you haven't noticed, I don't care about you anymore.
I don't get why "true" directioners would even care if Harry dated or even get married with Caroline. She has feelings too. Annoying freaks!
New years eve tonight & I really don't care .
You texting another girl while with me made me realize you don't care anymore. and you know what? neither do I.
I guess it's going downhill from here. Can't say I don't care less this time... not even gone front. Like I said, I lost a piece of me.
i don't care what the other's say , now that i got you babe .
I don't even care what you tweet about, as long as you look good ill follow... hehe
I have no one to tell my problems to..they either don't care, or they get mad and stop talking to me..
The New Year's used to be a big deal. Now, I don't even care.
I don't care who you are. Where you're from. What you did. As long as you love me.
I don't even care if my ppls talk to my exs, but everybody know he was off limits. Period!!!!
it's up to you what you're going to do or to say! i'm not yours! i don't care and keep stay away from me :) have a good Life!
I WILL BE BACK FOR EITO'S NEXT CONCERT! I DON'T CARE HOW!! I WILL BE THERE!!!!!!!
Happy New Years Eve! If you're going out tonight be safe. People that drink and drive exist and they don't care about you as much as I do!
Ha! I really couldn't care less what you think of me. You don't know me as well as you think you do!
More so with people I don't care about.
(If he wont ever like me again then I don't care about anything..)
People just call me at ANY time of day, niggas don't care if I'm sleep or not.
I don't care if twitter is over capacity, I just want my tweets to send!
There's always sone truth behind 'just kidding. Knowledge behind 'i don't know'. Emotion behind 'i don't care'. Pain behind 'It's okay'..
I instantly smile when I see a text from you, I don't care what's in it. It's amazing to know I crossed your mind even just for a second.
My girlfriend is amazing, I love her. don't even care.
Hey wine peeps! I have to take a bottle to a party tomorrow afternoon. What should I get? I don't care because I won't be drinking it. Lol
If I care about u don't waste my fuckin time. U seh u're having a horrible week I ask u whappen an u nuh wah talk bout it. Doan upset me
This is the first new year that I don't care to do anything. No clubs no nothing, what a shame
Why don't people take me seriously when I say I don't care??
'Don't forget me, I beg' Is the same, if u want, forget, I don't care...
and I don't care if you don't break my fall, you've got me dreaming of a life that anybody else would die for.
This my third favorite day of ever year.  this the one day my mom don't care if I drink .
It was like a mix between "bitches why you here" and a "oh well I don't care...come get a plate you look hungry"...lol love this lady..
I don't care what ANY of you think; ("Ice Ice Baby") is an awesome fuckin song.
I don't care how you are doing. I hate you.
I Honestly Don't Care Anymore .
i don't care fuck it , why bother, pointless, its come to this
Don't shake your head... I can take care of my self
I honestly don't care about new years eve.
New year , hmphh I don't care . all I want is the same thing every year , more freedom .
But baby if you ask me to take a break... I'll give it all away.. Don't care what the people say..
I'm in love. I'm in Love and I don't care who knows it!
I just don't care to try.
I feel like you don't care about me
I don't care if it was a dollar !!! I want my shit !!
I don't like having to act like I don't care when I do....
I had such a good time yesterday I don't even care if I do something tonight. maybe the I'll just got to gmoms & eat everything she made lol
i have an OCD of soaping my hands, but i really don't care if they still smell like PIZZAS after i wake up.
The hours to the sunrise creep, but I don't care.. there is no hope for any sleep if you're not here
"Just because I'm giving up, doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing."
I can't argue with these girls when I don't care :s
"@NatGnrRock: Am I the only one that doesn't celebrate or even care about new years?! :O". I don't either! Don't worry
Just cuz I'm giving up, doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing. )':
Please don't ask me what to wear to a house party loool. You could come in a XXXXL white T and southpole jeans for all I care
Twitter.. I'm not going to be asking you out so I don't care if you are currently unavailable. K?
Girl I don't care what colors you use I just want a hat! *pouts*
I really don't care if its a classic film. Free Willy sounds like a porno.
Hate on Selena, I don't care. If she can ignore it, her fans should be able to too. No amount of hate can change who Selena inspires.
No one wish me a happy new year. Well, I don't care really, I don't feel anything. Just feel....older. -_-
I hate how baby's cry & there parents don't care..
I just don't even care anymore. Tooo many good things here.
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean I don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.
` the funny thing is, i don't really care
don't really care about anything else...maybe if INFINITE comes or UKISS comes i'll really die..
I don't care if these shoes scream Bakers Stripper ... I love em! lol
Most people need to realize that I really don't care about half the shit they're talking to me about
That awkward moment when you think I care but I don't.... :)
I care, I know you don't care too much, but I still care LA LA LA LAA laa  ;p LA LA LA LALALA
Cuz I secretly want U of L to win but I need UK to win. So it doesn't trick the night. Fuck! So I really don't care about who wins.
I act like I don't care, but our distance is tearing me apart
Okay I don't care I'm getting the facebook time line
I don't care how great she say tennessee is I'm not fucking going
I'm fangirling over the TV and my parents don't even care xD
i don't care it will be new year . we have just what we deserve . this is not the year that changes our lives , is what we do .
If I had the chance to redo everything. I wouldn't do it. Cause honestly this year sucked. So I don't really care.
I told him I don't need a man right or wrong. I take care of me. God is watching over me. So I'm in no rush... Whats meant to be will be.
My cousin finally told me wassup for tonight. I don't care where I go I just don't wanna be home.
The new neeed for speed is a badboy game I don't care *shrugs*
just because i'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care . it means i'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing :')
I'm intentionally skipping my meds today so that I can drink more tonight. Is that wrong? Do I care? I just don't know. I just don't know...
Can football please end. I really don't care bout the sport.
I don't care if i triple tweet this. I shook hands with goh chok tong and got wished happy new year by him! (Y)
I love Big Time Rush and I don't care who knows itttt
Whatever do you want! I don't care!
When my mom says that people can't come over because the house is a mess, I'm just like "Ma, they don't care. they just want food"
I give up FUCK people feelins cause they Damn sure don't care bout mines.
I don't care how warm it is here. Would rather be skiing in a blizzard than working in the subtropics.
How can your bf being talking to his ex, I don't care how close of friends they are now.
I don't care if its a new year I have no regrets at all if I wanted to change or anything I could of ageees ago why wait for new year?
I would be the type of gf that forgets anniversary ...... I don't care about stuff like that to be honest........
Cause I may be bad, .but I’m perfectly good at it! .Sex in the air, .I don’t care, I love the smell of it! .I love the smell of it
When I care... You might not wanna let me think you don't. Cause once I stop caring shit is completely over
Tonight, I don't care who I'm with just know I'm about to have fun.
I don't care that Marsha didnt wanna talk to me now she just texted me and asked what size shoe I wear so now I'm happy...new shoes!!
I don't care if you're joking, I'm in a bad mood…& you're pissing me off.
it's alright, i don't care :)
I don't want to care but I can't.
I will be there for u, I will care for you, I keep thinking you just don't know
Anybody can tell me I don't care who it is
Shoulda lowed a nigga to get robbed last night now I don't even care.
Am I the only one who don't really care about the new year? :|
Doesn't even feel like New Years. Guess I just don't care this year.
Love I don't care what they say!!!
I don't care if its new year or what, i'm going to sleep now w/ this sound of fireworks. --
Take me to a place where I don't care, this is me & my liquor store blues.
I don't care about your opinion, imma do me
I don't care how low-key this NYE is going to be. I'm still wearing lace.
Hey, guess what? I don't care how 'fucked' you're going to get tonight so please stop posting it all over my timeline.
“@dutchteenagers: You know that I'll always be there, maybe that's why you don't care..”
I'm so un- girlie, i don't really wear dresses that much, don't really care about my nails, don't freak out when it rains. why is this.
I swear I don't care abiut this shit mann... Mfs dog yu out so much... My heart not even in it nomore...
You don't care = I don't care
Is it bad that I really don't care about it being new year's?
i wish that this boy realize that i don't care about him anymore & leave me alone !
I don't care, im still real no matter how many records i sell.
I don't really care about if you love me, if you hate me.
I don't care much for jet lag
"new year new me" joke! I am who I am don't like it?dont care:')
RT“@Thatt_Dominican: I mean Take Care is a good album, but I don't really listen to it. Still bumpin The Sideline Story though.”
i don't care NO MORE , that's your problem !
Like what do you want me to doo, cause I really don't care
You cheated girl. .But I don't care because I cheated too. .Baby you can still be my boo. .And we can fuck until the night is through.
I don't care about new year 
I really don't care what I do tonight as long as I'm with Chris.
I don't see why people get so excited for a new year. I don't care.
I don't care enough about how many followers I have to get LazyUnfollow. There the ones missing out.
I wish I didn't care so much, I don't know where I get being so sensitive from, not my mama and DAMN sure not my father.
Why the fuck would you think that I don't take care of the baby???? Just....smh. No.
take me anywhere, i don't care, i don't care..
I don't even care “@rickygervais: Please don't buy fur. And let anyone who does know they're supporting the disgusting cunts who torture..."
Fuck you man. You know what, i don't care. I don't care about you. [delayed]
Usual When I say "Cool", I usually don't care... ^.^
My life is my life. I don't care who your friends are & what happened in the PAST..but ima be immature and put shit on twitter!
To all the human beings in the world, Happy New Year :D and I don't care what time is it in your country :D
'my fans don't care what I am that's what I like about them. They don't care If I'm a boy or a girl or an in-between or a Phoenix or a...
.yhu dnt listen to me....yhu dnt care do yhu...fck it i don't either.
Looking forward to seeing the New Year in with my hubby, Jools Holland, Winter Pimms & chocolate. Makes me a SOF but I don't care!
Admit tha I'm yours cause I don't really care who knows
I don't run away from u ,I walk slowly but u don't care enough to stop me ,,
I honestly don't care ..
I'm staying in bed until three I don't even care ! Sooo tired
“@ThisDamnQuote_: Just because I'm giving up, doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing
People like to pretend as if they don't understand u,but I'm not gonna fool myself along with them. It doesn't matter I really don't care!
I wish I didn't care bc I really don't want to
"this password is weak." *i don't care! i want this fucking password*
I swear I musto do that hawan biki tomorrow, I don't care! I'll be well and strong before tomorrow Insha Allah
I'm being a bitch today *shrugs* I don't care.
RT"@ThisDamnQuote_: Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with not
Done with revision for the day. I just want a job. I don't care how "crappy" working life is, I absolutely hate being in education. HIRE ME.
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.”
Thanks for all haters, haters gonna hate, so I don't really care about you guys. What you guys doing, what you guys talk about XD
I don't care what you think about me. I don't think about you at all.
"Hate me? I don't care. Because you are not the first person who hated me and you are not going to be the last either." - Justin Bieber
I don't care whether the world is gonna end this year, just gonna live life to the fullest. :)
..&I Don't Even Care.
"@TeeCeeNichole: I don't care abt being in a club on new years....I just want a nice seen, company that I love, wine and a prayer"
U love me,then I love u..u don't care,then why should I?
I don't care how long Zaidén sleeps he always manages to know he not. In my arms
I love the spicy so much. My face is dripping and I don't care.
All I want is to mess around and I don't really care about.
I don't really care.
Wtf! Fuck you bitch! I don't care if you're a ticket woman, its comfier if I stick my feet on the seats!
That tweet was so gay but I don't care
I never want to be a slave to other ppls opinions. I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all.
My ipod is suddley working again. The cheeky little thing! I don't care, its still going to be repaired. Lol
"@ThisDamnQuote_: Just because I'm giving up ,doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing
Yeah I don't care if you're a senior , If you treat me like shit . Bye . Like fuck you .
I'm thankful for the new year... But I don't care as much as everyone else I guess....
I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say ...
«@independentcook He say he don't care wat I say I ain't going nowhere»
I don't care if you don't
I'll handle this next week don't care right now.
I don't care if year is over. What-ever.
I care  , I know you don't care too much but I still CARE !
and it's starting again...my facebook timeline is full of: "I'm already drunk" and " i just drank (xy)" guys, I DON'T CARE!!!!
Soooo tiredd. I just wanna go home afterwork and sleep. Don't care for the countdown any longer
i don't care if i don't have plans anymore, i'm gonna make sure i have a good night
don't even care, I'm getting ready for tonight now
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing. :)
Cramping so anybody can get this fuckn attitude today and I don't fuckn care
I don't care I "So What" These bitches
«Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing.»
nails done, don't care I there mess, makeup then hair&am almost ready!, woo:D
Don't really care about the game I gave my tickets away
When I say I don't care what you do, I DON'T ACTUALLY CARE
They better put me on a fucking IV and serious pain meds. I don't care about a TV or not.
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing."
Fockin bullies!!! If my husband ever touched me like that I'd batter the shit out of him....don't care how strong he is
Who do you care for more ?? *SIGH* it's crazy because I don't even know anymore -___-
i haven't done hardly any homework this holiday, i don't even care anymore
I don't care if people say that songs old, I love it.
I'd like finish the year singin' about how u change me in this last year.. I'm so sorry 'cause I love u but u don't care..so everybody sings
Really thou I don't care what y'all think cause if you know me you k ow what I'm drivin for
QT “@Jeremiah__Alric: I guess you don’t realize how much you care about someone until they don’t care about you.”
I don't care you want to say what about us. Seriously whatever. Please keep remember, we never die. That's all whores.
I don't have a care for anything lately cuz I been gettin bread more
If you don't care about me why should I care about you ?
Boutta be in this bed for the whole day since there's gonna be nothing better to do. Fuck if it's New Years. I don't care.
I care about her feelings. & I love her but I don't think she feeling the same way
I don't care who win.
I don't care what religion you are - Christian, Muslim, Jew, Wiccan, whatevah. ALL ideas incl religion are subject to critique.
Girls always want me to express myself....but yal act like yal don't care too...ever think that's why I don't say nun ta u?
Is it sad that I don't even care today.
Is it even new years in Japan yet…? Whatever. I don't care.
But I don't care what they say, I'm in love with you. They tried to pull me away but they don't know the truth.
I'll be posting today! I don't care how many people read it bc it's fun to write too! But it'd be nice to have readers! So RT the chapters!
I don't care how beautiful the fireworks are damnit. It's killing our planet.
Well my multiplier bet is down the pan but I don't care mufc lost just made my day
I don't care where I'm spending nye. I just want to get FUCKED.
I'll be there for you I will care for you, I keep thinkin you just don't know.
i don't care if it's a sign of the zombie apocalypse, im enjoying this mild weather !
As long as it has a better camera and processor, I don’t care if they called it the iPhone P
I don't care anymore.
I don't care if you were on the Dream Team, Chris Mullin, there's no excuse for wearing sneakers and a suit.
guess he realizes how much I don't care & now all of a sudden .. he cares so much ? FOH !
Why should I care if you don't care then  I don't care.
Not even sweatin tonight .. Dont rlly care what i do don't even care if i go out, but i kno i will moms bout to get me henny lol
i don't feel like dressing up for this party. My hair is a mess, but I'm in an I Don't Care mood XD
Relaxed Bisexual Agnostic I don't know, I don't care, and maybe I'll sleep with it
I don't care what I do tonight as long as I can't remember it tomorrow. Then I will know I had a good time :)
I don't care if people like me or not; I like myself. *shrugs* : )
I don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care ... Ok, if i care and much♥
I Don't Care What Clothes You Wear Its Time To Love And I Don't Care, You Know I'm Gonna Find A Way To Let You Have Your Way With Me!
I don't care what it did to them, but the games been good to me
Possibly THE worst year of my life. I know you don't care but just sayinnnnn!
I know you don't care to much... But I still care!!
So in love .I don't care what they say .I don't care if they talking tomorrow .Cause tonight's the night .That I give you everything
i still get my hopes up every time hoping that just this once, you’ll care. but you don’t, you never do and it crushes me every time.
I don't think you care but, I like you
My mom about New Year's, "I don't care what you're doing, it is none of my business." Ignorance is bliss I suppose.
I don't care what people are doing tonight. Shut the fuck up.
I don't care if it was out of fun amdh for a video, you still fucking said it.
I don't care how sick I am, nothing is stopping me from tonight!
Ohhh yeaaah! I even forgot tht my mom's friends are coming over......too bad I don't know them so I don't care
I don't care anymore...
I wake up to go back to the apartment and no one is home! They don't even care that im leaving!
I don't care if I can't sing. This is my favorite song. Therefore I will sing.
I don't care if you don't want to go out tonight mom, you HAVE too.
I don't really give a fuck about anything, so if I happen to care about you.. You must mean a lot to me.
I don't care if others can hear my music or not.
All I want for the new year is Lea & Cory to confirm they're together, & I don't care if you judge me for caring about another relationship.
I don't care what people say or think about me
The hardest thing for me to do is pretend as if I don't care!!!
Lels. I don't care if its aa new year. Joke. :))
I don't care about you anymore.
I don't care doe cuz I'm gettin paid extra
You know those days where you just don't fucking care? Yeah. That's where I'm at.
You know. I'm going to sleep before the count down. The fireworks will wake me back up; but I don't care. Blaming last week's flu & not age.
I don't care if someone went to the club on Saturday and church on Sunday, judging aint my job. I gotta work on my own shit..
“@SayingsForGirls: I don't care if you're joking, I'm in a bad mood…& you're pissing me off.”
How nice face is swollen:/ I have a flat tire I can't drive because I'm on meds! Mom is taking care of me! I don't think I'm going into  ...
Lol like I reallly don't care * shrugs*
Blonde: What's IDK, IDC and GTG? .Brunette: I don't know, I don't care, and got to go. .Blonde: WAIT! Before leaving, tell me what are these!
And I don't really care anybody thinks about that.
I don't care that I've got no plans tonight I'm seeing Laura in a week and that's perfect
How niceeeee face is swollen :/ I have a flat tire I can't drive because I'm on meds!!! Mom is taking care of me!! I don't think I'm goi ...
Fuck New years! I don't care bout it one bit
Ain't Nobody Mad but the devil, Guess What... I Don't Care... Victory Is Mine ♥
Ok, why are you telling me this?! I fking don't care. *face palm*
I apologize if it seems I don't care.... but why pretend?
I don't even care if I see you anymore, I just want my car charger
What's the point ..I guess I don't care either
Haven't seen you in a while, but I don't care :)
I don't care if this New Years sucks, we're all gonna die soon anyways.
I'll be there for you, I will care for you, I keep thinking you just don't know..
Deena is a dumbass she said first of all & second of all I don't care lmao
I don't care if u don't care.
I got the sniffles but I don't care tho!!!
RTI instantly smile when I see a text from you, I don't care what's in it. It's amazing to know I crossed your mind even just for a second.
I know you don't care too much ; But I do !
I don't care about anything today, I'm gonna look so cuuuttteeeeee!! :D but on the down side, I can't eat anywhere near the clothes.... Rofl
U think I'm stupid don't u. You think i care about you? U got me fucked up with somebody else! Oh, wait! Are those pringles!
Not that I don't care, but they know I love them.
Happy New Year. Ding ding ding. I don't care. Goodnight.
But I don't care about much , and it's sad . My mom and annoying people made me that way .
I don't care how sad I sound, tonight I'm staying in with my family, drinking coke, playing board games and watching tv
I'm already tall.. but lol. I don't care:) I still jumped. XDD haha. So I'll be taller:)
LMAAO ! Even the birds are saying "I don't care" eyy ?
I don't care,I'm eating today......my stomach keep talking.
I don't know why I care, it's not like this never happened before.
Dear twitter. I don't care if your having difficulty's with your service just fix yourself and do it quick cause your being gay. Love megan
bridesmaids is so funny i don't care what people say lollol
I don't care who was there before.
Why is this man talking to me about the moose he hunted? I don't care and I want to sleep...
Wish my ma would stop asking so many damn ?s it's to early and I don't care about the topic
I don't care how cute you are... If all you do is talk about weed. How you can't remember last night. Etc... I prolly won't talk to you
I'm a little bitchy today but I honestly don't care.
I don't care if my music wakes the neighbor. Damn those old fuck
I don't really care abt. Today or shit i just wanna see my neice in my boyfrieee :(
DON'T CARE ALR!!!!! I DONT WANT TO WATCH LIAO SO LAGGY!!
If you ask me to take a break i'll give it all away don't care what them people say, be a million billion trillion miles away.
to be honest I don't care how your year went.
Walaupon I'll be alone this new year. I don't even care, as long I got all my friend who always support me. Lovee :)
I don't care where I go tonight along as I am with my best friends and have drink!
I ont care what they say I'm in love with you,they try to pull but they don't know the truth
When people tell me unnecessary shit I don't care about. <<<<<<
I don't care what anyone thinks, I want my nape pierced. Fuckin sexy right above my tattoo
"Take Me; I'm Yours && I Don't Really Care Who Knows It."
Quite honestly, I don't care about anything anymore.
Why won't my timeline refresh? I don't care what happened eight hours ago.
I don't care about your new year's plans much like you don't care about mine...what's for breakfast?! That's what's important
I don't care what you say don't even speak .
I don't care what u might think about me.
I don't even Care Cuz i gotta do me regardless what yall doing
PEOPLE TALKING ALL THIS SHIT BOUT A NEW YEAR AND SAY THEY GONE CHANGE IF YOU GONE CHANGE DO IT I DON'T CARE BOUT YOUR CHANGES.#SILLYMAFUCKAS
Don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. I could be your best friend and you'll be my homie.
Okay never mind, just got handed a beer.
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot  And never brought to mind  Should auld acquaintance be forgot  And days o’ lang syne!
Life is never boring w. a dirty mind !
never mind, I'll find someone like you
Should old acquaintance be forgot, .and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and old lang syne?
They Say Never Say Never But Fuck It Never Mind
Never mind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you to. -Adele, Someone like you
Not knowin in that moment, we'd never speak again, but it was perfect I hold it in my mind
Well never mind i need better grades for second semester
Never mind ill find someone like you
What good is all the cash; if it doesn't buy time? What good is all the fame; if im never on your mind?
Never mind I'll find someone like you!
Never mind I'll find someone like youuuu~
But I never planned on you changing your mind.
Niggas gon kill me I swear they better be lying... Never live in fear I'm to out of my mind
Should auld acquaintance be forgot,  .And never brought to mind?  .Should auld acquaintance be forgot,  .And days o’ lang syne!
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind I would say once Because you never really left
Never mind i will finfld someone like you
Out w/the old, in w/the new! Should old acquaintance be forgot & never be brought to mind. I hope I dont make the same mistakes as last year
Never mind...just saw Mark Wahlberg in some movie...I think I'll watch him instead ;)
Never mind, another Caroline has it
Never mind, i will find someonelike you
Ok a cant every hear myself on here never mind anyone else. So either my twitter is knackered or am being silenced
I have absolutely no idea how to connect with people socially. Neither the know-how or confidence in my own language, never mind another.
Never mind income spoil me with loyalty
I hate......... Never mind
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne? :)
Must be a real nigga tho "@LookN_TheMira: Respect a nigga mind even though you never seen it"
Never mind. Electricity's back!
I wonder what's in store for tonight?.......wait I live in Calvert County.....never mind.
I would never do you wrong, I've known it from the moment that we met no doubt in my mind where you belongggg..
Never mind anyone who lives in Monarch Lake just ignore me or don't leave your houses kay thanks
Never mind, I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you, too, don't forget me, I beg....
I hate how what my heart feels and what my mind thinks are never on the same page.
Never mind I'll find someone like you ♡
Woke up kinda confused but my mind never lets me take o break bet you couldn't last a min in my thoughts
Kanus-a gane ang klase? .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ... .... .... ..... .You know what, never mind.
Mind you, I haven't scored so I'd never get any votes from itv viewers
I'm the type to be happy when I'm sad. Got room in my mind to never let them cross.
Never mind, i find someone lika you
Yeah I think I'm crazy, never mind I feel so good now.
Take me, I'm alive never was a girl with a wicked mind but everything looks better when the sun goes down
Never mind, I'll find someone like you
I've not a clue how we are in this game never mind winning!
He Said Follow Your Heart And Never Forget What Your Mind Is Trying To Tell You
All I do is WIN WIN WIN no matter what got money on my mind and I never get enough! Everybody hand go up!
Never mind I'll find someone like you.
sometimes i hate that your always on my mind because i know I'm never on yours.... :/
Never mind i will find someone like u
Negative thoughts torture my mind, making me wish I never existed.
never mind , i find someone like you
Never mind I will find someone like you ~
Last night. I dreamed of you. Again. Woke up crying. Knowing. I never cross your. Mind.
d: iight NEVER MIND
Why has twitters happy new year slogan stole its look from the sex pistols never mind the balox album cover?
When I'm almost over you, I have a dream that reminds me of what used to be, and what never will be again. Thank you, stupid mind. =/ Bleh.
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? ... Yes.
I was finna say sum but never mind lol
WOAH NEVER MIND IT'S JUST HYORIN ROFL
It's wet and cold outside- never mind the weather- c'mon over to Nachos for our famous margaritas and sizzlingly, tasty Fajitas......
Never mind, i find someon like you..
Never afraid to speak my mind tho .
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot and days o’ lang syne! haaappy new year! :D
Never mind, I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you, too.
I'd Rather Have Love That Will Never Die Than Have A Mind-Blowing Sex Life....
With love on my mind and fire in my heart they can never take us apart
Never mind I'll find...someone like YOU!
Brother: wanna hear a joke? One Direction. Me: wanna hear a joke about pussy? Never mind, you'll never get it.
should old acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind will tae a cup of kindness yet for the sake of auld lang syne
never mind I'll find, someone like you
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind?
I'll never understand the mind of niggers
I'm just getting closer to NS. Never mind, I shall celebrate the freedom I have now.
the problem is i love you and never a nother girl can change my mind that's the problem.
Never mind, I'll find someone like you .I wish nothing but the best for you, too
I'm just too afraid , and it's not naturally paired and never succeed , Open your Mind and your heart :) ♥ {}
I have never felt this disoriented. I need a freaking chart for all the shit on my mind.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and days o’ lang syne!
I guess I never let you go because somewhere in the back of my mind I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
some say use ur mind, others say follow ur heart and I say trust ur instincts, it never lies.
Never mind that girl lets make a track , I'll beat the pussy up <=== that's the hook right there...
or never mind lol. i'll use this account to stalk some people. bye.
I don't feel like getting out of bed...never mind, I smell coffee and bacon
Never mind, I'll find someone like you, .I wish nothing but the best for you, too, .Don't forget me, I beg, .I remember you said,
Just listen to your, when the whole world betray you. Never mind. All you've got to do is put up a smile :)
♪♬ Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And auld lang syne! ♪♬
You promised me you would never read my mind..
Never mind. That's weird.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind...
I've never been a sponsor for a hoe wit small habits, if you got that on ya mind keep on your drawls got damnit.
oh wait never mind. i remember...
Never mind I'll find someone like you..I wish nothing but the best for you..Adele
Never living in the past because my mind is already set into the future
Should Auld acquaintance be forgot,  .And never brought to mind?
It made her and him look stupid because at the end of the day......never mind...just know...y'all look silly....lmmaoooo...two liars!!!
Never let anyone  change your mind about something . It will only kill you in the end .
Never mind now it works
“@TheOnlyDoubleD: Gotta Chris Paul in my estate I'm never outta bounds” mind state**
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind?
.....*sigh*.......This is......never mind...*sigh* .-Ichigo-
never mind, i'll find someone like youuuuuuu
one thing I'm not && never will be is a groupies, or a side . keep that in mind if you try or attempt to "talk" to me
i dont even want a party any more, not in the mood to do anything never mind celebrate
Never mind, i understand understood :))
Never mind its workin
If I never see your face again I don't mind
Was going to get up and get dressed but never mind-_-
Pretty sure I'll just be at home like usual tonight...there's never anything to do anyways..but I suppose I don't mind
Well never mind, maybe because I had my mobile network turned off
Never mind i am find :D i will found someoone like you ;)
I know you haven't made your mind up yet but I would never do you wrong ♪'
I don't mind 'good day' but too bad iu never performs 'cruel fairy tale', that song is my shit.
They say never say never but fuck it never mind
never mind ill find someone like you
Should auld acquaintance be for got and never brought to mind
Beyond gutted but never mind! Always next year i guess, outfit looks like it shall be staying in :(
Another Saturday in front of the telly, never mind, we've got a game next Saturday away at Downham Reserves.
Never mind i'll find someone like you .I wish nothing but the best for you..
Never mind, I'II find someone like you ♫  ..
Never mind, i will find some one like you☺
And if I never spoke to you again I don't think I would mind because you really haven't had an impact on my life
Never mind I'll find someone nothing like you
Does bah humbug apply to new year? Never mind...say it anyway. Bah humbug! Nothing special, just a night to get pissed.
never mind no working for me lol what's everybody doing ?
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
I used to try to get people to come over they ask were in BK I was at I said "Brownsville" They be like "oh never mind I love my life"
Never mind i find, someone like you, I wish nothing but the best, for you, too ♫
Never mind I'll stay home and drink beer with my dog lmao
My mind will never make me buy a Goodtime cigarillo...#TeamSwishaSweet
There's a lot of nice memories in this year that always remembered in our mind. So do I.. I'll never forget that~~ :)
i wouldn't mind if you never left my bed
Hate waking up with stuff on my mind I can't never go back to sleep
Never mind I will find someone like youuuuuuuuuuuu.....................
Never a booking for kolchenly never mind vermaalen. Got the ball first.
Dang., I never thought about doing that., during the fireworkz lol my mind smh
The laws of football=joke. Never mind ridiculous anti-tech bias at FIFA, if ref "can't" fix mistaken-identity yellow card, that's a farce.
Shit I didn't make resolution. Never mind tomorrow then I make. WHOO I'M DAMN HYPER NOW.
never mind its workin nw
Never mind Justin is a bully
Let all acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind... For auld Lang syne~~~~ ^^
Should old acquaintance be forgot,and never brought to mind ? :)
Saying "never mind" when u don't feel like repeatin urself.
Never mind I find someone like youuuu ~
It's working now. Never mind(:
Roses Are Red Violets Are Blue Love Never Cruised My Mind Until The Day I Met You ♥'
if i never see your face, i dont mind.
Never mind predictions... More important to wish a joyous peaceful new year to one and all
never mind ill find someone like you.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne?
Turn off my heels and feel, never mind I still better than ma sis.
Not my favourite time of year, never mind, happy new year and have a vodka on me xx
You know what? Never mind. I'm looking for my friends, Riku and Kairi.
But true love is a durable fire, in the mind ever burning. Never sick, never old, never dead. From itself never turning.
ALONE here! Celebrating the new year ALONE! Its okay. Never mind :D
Never say never but fuck it never mind
Ha, never mind - silly flash drive was stuck in the wrong end.
never mind , my twitter mobile fucking up again ima juss stop tweeting cause I'm getting mad ..
shit just seems nosey to me very informative but nosey nonetheless ppl never wanna mind their business
New year is nothing. Mind yourselves more, because you will never know what will happen to you from now onwards.
Never mind I will find someone like you!
Respect A Nigga Mind Even Though You Never Seen It .
I ignored my first mind and the advice of my friends when it came to her. But I learned; Never follow your heart. It gets you hurt.
Should old acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind? .Yeah, I think they probably should
Never wish Fight for future reality! Think n act only for reality... What's real in our mind is what going to be real in the future!
Never wisg! Fight for future reality! Think n act only for reality... What's real in our mind is what going to be real in the future!
Meh, never mind, I can watch the fireworks on TV.
Never mind I just realized I wrote them dwn....it's all good now
Well, I mind! I mind big time! And you know what the worst part is? I NEVER LEARNED TO READ.!!!
Well never mind I'm up now
Woops, again my tweets show I can't type/think at times...never mind :)
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot and auld lang syne?
'ana, wake up!' .*punches face* .'ow!' .'oh! I'm so sor-- oh, its just you.. never mind.' .HAHAHAHAHA. i love that part.
Lose or win .. Never mind! the champ still be man utd ♥
Never mind I'll find somebody like you
Moses scores for Wigan against the mighty Stoke. Can the Latics hold onto him in the January transfer period never mind the summer?
If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, i`d say once because you've never really left.
Never mind, I'll find someone like you... nem chorei nao, magina
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, .And never brought to mind? .Should auld acquaintance be forgot, .And auld lang syne?
even if wishing is a waste of time even if i never cross your mind theyll be a light in the hall & a key under the mat if you ever come back
Respect a nigga mind even though you never seen it
Twitter doesn't work on my phone. ): Never mind I have my com. :D But the last few minutes I'm anticipating and bored.
Well.. That was fucked up in my mind. And I never got then full explanation there.
Never mind I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you...
Never mind this ass hole been up all this time smdh clown
Never mind I'll find someone like you
Never mind i will find someone like u!
Never mind I'll go to work now
Never kill a Bitch unless she a witnesses so in other words bitch mind ur busniess
family party= so much free wine. should have stayed at home for uni wahwah never mind.
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne
I wake up in a pretty good mood I guess she didn't so never mind .
never mind i'll find someone like you..
it's just being slow. never mind.
He has to get everything his way never mind about me or my opinion.
Never mind, I’ll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don’t forget me, I begged, I remember you said
I can never make up my mind.
In the words of Scot poet, Robert Burns . .Auld Lang Syne .Should auld acquaintance be forgot, . and never brought to mind ? . Should auld...
I'm single cause a nigga like me can't never make up my mind.. Soo many options and shit.....lol
Never mind I'll find someone like you :)
In Jannah are things an eye has never seen, an ear has never heard, and a mind can't even imagine. (Bukhari Shareef)
You can plan for a change in the weather and time. But I never planned on you changing your mind.
Never mind ! Myy cartoon is on. FISH HOOKS !
For whatever it's worth...never mind if you don't reply (to which, I won't be surprised). Just as long as you know I thought of you today.
"Baby I can get into your mind, I can make you never love another bitch"
NEVER MIND THEY ARE NOW :) :) :)
Well never mind nap time.!
Oop . Never mind I know :D
My parents are back. Never mind, I'd rather live alone, even if it's scary as fuck.
never mind il find someone like you !!
Never mind, I still have Twitter *selfpukpuk*
i wanna be bad . you make that look so good . i got things on my mind i never thought i would !! ( :
Saying "never mind" when you don't feel like repeating yourself."
Twerds this been on my mind for a min. Why do guys know what they want and when they do get it, they never want to work for it?
*resorts to Facebook* never mind Twitter I will wait
I always thought "never mind" was one word until my phone corrected me.
Eating breakfast is never the first thing on my mind in the morning
I told moms i had a date .... well never mind lol
if I never see your face again, I don't mind
Should old friends be forgotten n never brought to mind !?? For old times sake.. my friends.. Cheers.......... !!
Were gonna do what lovers do gonna have a fight or two but I ain't never changing my mind.
Boy: "Hey want to hear a joke about my penis? Girl: "Hmm, ok?" Boy: "Never mind it's too long" Girl:"Really? That sounded quite short to me"
Never mind that girl lets make a track, I beat the pussy up that's the hook right thurr...
Mind over matter never worked for my nemesis
Never mind I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too...
When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares.
i can never eat when a lot on my mind
"never mind I'll find someone like you... I wish nothing but the best for you, too..."
Well, looks like I am having a New Year stuck in... never mind.
It never slips my mind that I'm pregnant  (or yours the amount I wang on) but I often underestimate the size of my bump when opening doors
I never sleep good my mind be all over the place /:
Just wasted an hour and half i could of been cross stitching :( oh well never mind got till april to finsh it :)
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind, I would say once, because you never really left.
never mind, i'll find someone like you.. joseph gordon-levitt perhaps?.. :)
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind..
i was here. i'll here. .Never stop my mind! . .Hope is so beautiful:)
She still never called but idc , I had other I can call, & stayed out all night havin fun & got my mind of things so, fuc a phone call
looking out from my window to see the fireworks . I hear it in my mind all of these music and it never breaks my heart
Never mind i dont care.
This year isn't what I had in mind but I've done things I've never done and things I'm quite proud of! More of the good and new next year ta
feels like shit but never mind.
When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never changes our feelings because it is the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares.
Never mind I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you :)) -adele
I eat so much food,weight never be on my mind.
May old aquaintance be forgot....and never brought to mind.. (thats tough to say, and kind of sad too)! I love my old aquaintances!!
I thought I am the... Ugh never mind. I was.
Oh never mind power is back on!!
Never mind that let's make a track , I'll beat the pussy up, that's the hook right thur
Never mind I found someone like you (:
You will never pass from my mind doesn't like this year
Agghh well never mind. Had to go with a outsider to win.
Omgshh . ! NEVER MIND SOITHFIELD POLICE GON BE DEEP . !,:) WATCH OUT
I know you haven't made your mind up yet, but I will never do you wrong
twitter starting to overload due to new years wishes i would guess quick turn on that spare server in the corner never mind the dust!
A mind once expanded by a new idea, Never returns to its original dimensions.”
NEVER MIND, I FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU!
Never mind. Bringin' in the new year with obnoxious, whiners. I'd rather spend it alone.......
A heart that cries but the eyes never shed its tears, the heart control all emotion but the mind never divides
Also, wondering why you still..whatever you call it..just text or never mind.
now there's nothing left to do but waste my time, never knew where to move on, where to rely upon, nothing left to say to change your mind.
But never mind, I'm living my life in a new place and meeting new friends :) I'm a lot better now
Never mind again lol
Never mind United, Sunderland will take you top tomorrow!
all i do is win win win no matter what gat moni on my mind and i never get enough cos everytime i step into the building every body STAND UP
Never mind I'm not gonna let that bother me
SHOULD OLD ACQUAINTANCE BE FORGOT, & NEVER BROUGHT TO MIND? Not forgotten. Hopefully forgiven. But yeah, some political bands must dissolve.
Didn't you and.....Welp never mind
"@Makxxy: Its so weird how I've never ever gotten the new year's day kiss....."Maybe I'm gonna give you one if you don't mind ?**wink
Other resolutions re keeping fit and dieting ... Well never mind! So thinking about new resolutions ... Watch this space
Vaguely irritated with myself for starting to read a series when I have no money left to go and buy the rest of the books -meh never mind :)
a mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions!!@rthavocmaker
I ain't forgot when YO FUNKY ASS was out there hurtN for some cash,I never mind takin MY last, on ou
“@WashingtonMogul: And never forget anybody can control a woman's body but the key is to control her mind”
Never mind, fight over already. Perfect timing, I guess.
Is that your wedding ring? BUT. Wait, Never mind.
Never mind, I'll find someone like you . :)
I speak my mind I never hold back
It makes me laugh when Utd loose and all the Liverpool and Arsenal fans pop up. Either of them won't finish above spurs never mind Utd.
Never mind i'll find someone like you!
Always gone but never hard to find & since you can't escape me, do I ever cross yo mind?
pre champers at work now pre cocktails with my mum.. I'll not even make pre drinks never mind cab vol
I had the shittest summer holiday ever, but never mind.
If I never see your face again, I don't mind.
Same old west ham always dropping points when teams around them drop points! Nothings changed then! Never mind
in  the  year   google  ;  none  uses  a goggle  ;as your  eyes  never  toggle  ;as  mind  controls  ...touchhyyeeeee ..paad
You care about him so much, but he left you waiting... waiting for him to change his mind and go back to you. But he never did ♥
THIS TWEET MADE ME CHANGE MY MIND ------> True Love NEVER Dies.
never mind i'll find someone like you
"Life is a football match,   .NEVER mind the kicks of people because...  .without kicks, we may never reach to the GOAL."  . .shona
Never mind I'll find, someone like you..♥
Who does a girl have to ------- to get breakfast around here? Oh yeah. Never mind, I'm good thanks.
But like jfkajdntjrsn I'm usually never in need of disciplining. That conversation wasn't even really necessary. I mind my own business.
If you asked me how many times you have crossed my mind I would say once because you never really left.
never mind, I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you, too.
Never mind I'll find someone like youuuu, I wish nothing but the best for you too, Don't forget me I beg, I remember you said....♥
But true love is a durable fire In the mind ever burning Never sick, never old, never dead From itself never turning. . -Sir Walter Raleigh
Saying never mind when you don't feel like repeating yourself.
Oh well, someones a bit gutted. Never mind eh, let's celebrate :)
never mind..continue loading WGM~~~~
Respect a nigga mind even tho you never seen it......
Happy New Year!!!!! . . . .Never mind, that LSD didn't last nearly as long as dude told me it would.
Never mind on the club I hate those places anyway!
I really dont like KH's .....EITO!! never mind!! I see EITO!!
Never mind, I'll find someone like you,,,
RT"@ichangeahead: Wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil? Never Mind, it's pointless..."
Never mind I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you, too. Don't forget me, I beg. I remembered u said.....
NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU
Stranger things could never change my mind, I've got to take it on the otherside.
“@SianLPilkington: If people mind their own business they'd have a much easier life...” never gonna happen x
Saying "never mind" when you don't feel like repeating yourself.
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success. -H. Boetcker
I HEAR IT EVERYDAY I HEAR IT ALL THE TIME, I'M NEVER GONNA AMOUT TO MUCH BUT THEY'RE NEVER GONNA CHANGE MY MIND OH!!!
I love being up early to enjoy the full day. Never mind, work later.
well, never mind.. I´m to bored to do something else hahaha
May old acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind ~
you lose what you got, never mind you do not lose your friends. Or worse, you may lose both of them
And never forget anybody can control a woman's body but the key is to control her mind
Never Mind I'll Find , Someone Like YOU . . . I Wish NOTHING But The BEST For YOU !
Laaaaame. Although I'm now on the way to Nottingham, so. Never mind.
Never mind of find someone like I'm wish nothing but the best for you don't for giveme I'm back I remeber you say.
Should old acquaintance be forgot .And never brought to mind? .Should old acquaintance be forgot, .And auld lang syne!
K sedih. Hmm. Never mind dear. I miss you. ♥
Never mind I'll find...someone like you..................-Adele-*Someone Like You*
Never mind clapping the Blackburn fans, Steve Kean should have gone down and stuck his middle finger up to all of them.
Never mind... I obviously have ain't shit ass followers... I googled that shit
Never mind boys, you've tried your best. I'm still forever Manchester United! Go go Man United! ♥
Ha Ha Happy birthday Sir Alex, never mind. Come on Spurs.
oomf i used give it to her she never mind comin across that water i was a young twigga then to lol --
Never mind. Sunderland will gove Man City a bashing.
Hello bad mind good morning know seh  yuh never wah see mi wake up fi keep talking! Hello bad mind how you doing today?
Never been afraid to say what's on my mind, any given time or day, renegade.
Never mind , no I'm not
wow.. going skating the other day's really fucked with my mind,, dreaming i was goalie and my girlfriend never showed up for my game? wtf..
Never mind the result, that was the worst game of football I've seen in a long, long time.
Either way he's never going leave my mind & heart sooo .. ?
Resolution: find out why the song says we need to forget ole acquaintances and never bring them to mind. Seems like it’d be the opposite
Not happy about the Manchester United score. Never mind, plenty of time yet.
Ow never mind.
Don't normally do this but......get in there Blackburn - FERGIE OUT haha never mind KEAN OUT!
Should auld acquaintance be forget and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forget and auld Lang syne ?
In Jannah are things an eye has never seen, an ear has never heard, and a mind can't even imagine. Let's make effort to get it :)
Never mind De Gea, that United performance was awful. Deserved to lose and Blackburn wanted it more.
Oh dear, how sad never mind. Well done to Steve Kean especially
I ain't never changing my mind
Should old acquaintance be forgot, . .and never brought to mind ? . .Should old acquaintance be forgot, . .and old lang syne ?
I Don't Fake Or Bull Shit I Never Hid Anything And Always Told You What's On My Mind And Heart Good Or Bad Right Or Wrong
Never mind, i will find ' Someone Like You .. '
HAPPY NEW YE - .Aw crap.  Never mind.  I gotta fix my calendar settings...
You never leave my mind, even when I have a million other things to worry about♡..
I wanna raise hell, never mind pulses.
Never mind I'll find....someone like you....I wish nothing but the best for you...too.
"Should I say somethin’ dumb to give us somethin’ to fight about? Never mind, lights out"
Wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil? Never Mind, it's pointless...
Should auld aquaintance be forgot, .and never brought to mind? .Should auld aquaintance be forgot, .and auld lang syne!
Never mind ill find, someone like you
Never mind, I'll find someone like you .I wish nothing but the best for you too
The form of Leeds is enough to get relegated never mind promotion! Something has to be done and jow
If I never see your face again, I don't mind, cuz we got much further then I thought we could toniiiiight
never mind , i hate him again !
I hope the sunshines, and it's a beautiful day & something reminds you, you wish you had stayed. I never planned on you changing your mind.
I write in English for you to read, or not, never mind. I adore u and u're in SanL, and you confirm this: you are in love. That hurts.
NEVER MIND THERE CUTE SO I GUESS THERE COULD BE AND exception .. LOL ™really cute™ should I mwntion ?
Never mind I'll find someone like you...
Should old acquaintance be forgot, .and never brought to mind ? .Should old acquaintance be forgot, .and old lang syne ?
Roses are red, Violets are blue.. Love never crossed my mind until the day I met you
Well no matter what Leeds until I die I know I am an sure I am Leeds until I die never mind today's ass kicking were getting
Never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
Hujan ? Never mind,masih ada Stand up Comedy =))
....she's blind, you see. Oh, never mind.
LOL “@missciccone: ♬"Never mind I fucked someone like you. I wish nothing but the best, fuck you too."♬”
I WANTED ADELE TO WIN ! But never mind luh hahah
Never mind. I'll do something else.
Quick get Rooney off the ben... Never mind.
My heart and mind are never in agreement with each other.
So it's new years Eve.  I always hate these and never feel good about them but this time ill try keep a positive mind.
♫ Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne? ♫
My mind runs, I can never catch up even if I had a head start.
Should old acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind, don't worry too much about it.  They'll track you down on Facebook.
Never mind it's working.
What do you mean, it's New Year's Eve?  Shouldn't we have Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas first?   . .Oh yeah.  Never mind.
never mind now you bunch of wankerssssss
Blackburn Rover *clear throat* never mind.........#EPL
If the murder rate is dropping but the number of rappers who catch bodies  is increasing.......Never mind.
Took me thousands of time to have a nice picture of me. But still, lol. Never mind haha
Damn tf happen on this bitch last night ?  Never mind iont even wanna know . Cause I don't care .have fun. Juss don't put me In all this BS.
Oh shit, Never mind ; Found it. . . .
‹ We say "travel", not "voyage". › Never mind. Go to bed, you.
wish you had stayed. You can plan for a change in the weather and time. But I never planned on you changing your mind.
Roses are red, Violets are blue.. Love never crossed my mind until the day I met you ♥
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind? Nope.
Never Mind = You should've listened the first time I said it.
One directions blaring through my headphones on the bus! Getting some funny looks! Never mind! Haha! :)
United losing again. Wanted Yakubu to score really, never mind though.
Why always this complicated??? Never been laid back and ease in mind..
Earlier this night I planned to greet everyone who's online ,but nahh never mind nahiya nako :)))))
never mind i will find someone like you
RT “@HessaOtaishan: My mind runs, I can never catch up even if I had a head start.”
What good is having money if it doesn't buy time? .&& what good is being famous if I'm never on your mind? -Drake.
I will never ever let a man change me I control my mind and my soul no boys gna change me soo
Never mind right as I sent that tweet she replied.
if i NEVER see your face again i don't mind
Well fucking done rovers well done never mind that de gea and united have been poor just very very well done to rovers
"My philosophy of life is that if we make up our mind what we are going to make of our lives, then work hard toward that goal, we never los…
Never mind Blackburn just scored.
never mind about winning this game jesus fucking christ
never mind never mind I'm sick :(
Right handed people are never in their right mind
You give me something, but I never gonna change my mind..
Should old acquaintance be forgot  .And never brought to mind  .Should all acquaintance be forgot  .And auld lang syne
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind ? .Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne?
Heck. hate you. when I want to... sigh. never mind....
I love to enjoy my life. All work an no play makes for a tired mind. You never know when god will call yu home. I play to win. Not just play
never mind, i'll find someone like you, i wish nothing but the best for you too~
Never mind it's new year eve anyway
Never mind, I'll find someone like you .I wish nothing but the best for you, too .Don't forget me, I begged, I remember you said
"I wana keep it how it isvso u can never say how it use to be..lovin u is really all thats on my mind;I cnt hlp but to think about day&nite"
<<<< I'm Crazy, u never know what's running thru my mind!
I replied, you ignore. What the hell? ._. Okay never mind.
I wanna learn how to write chinese, but den again never mind dats too much drawing... I'll speak it thou. Lol
Adele ate na praia KKK never mind i'll find someone like you no carrin de som
I Told Myself I'll Never Do it Again & Yet I Did. Man I Wish My Mind & Heart will Get on The Same Page. This Shit is Waying Me Down.
We are not able to, and will never, find win-win solutions with a win-lose mind.
'Truth Or Dare?' 'DARE!!' 'I dare you too _____' 'Never mind ... Truth!'
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind ? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and old lang syne ?
also dont feel like being around a bunch of drunk screaming wh....ahh never mind
Never mind I found someone like her. ☺
Never mind, I'll find someone like youI wish nothing but the best for you, too
how can my mind pull up incidents, recall dates n times tht never happen?
And when I have things are on my mind I never sleep long
never mind, i'll find someone like you, i wish nothing but the best for you, too. ♥
♪Should auld acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot And auld lang syne?
But I don't have a boyfriend & never will so mind well enjoy the single life and let the money pile up
Never mind. Refresh is always helpful. Duh!
Should old acquaintance be forgot And never brought to mind?
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak. - Mano
“@DarcyEats: What's everyone got in mind  for New Year's Resolutions?” I never bother with resolutions. They are never kept passed a month!
home, sweet home. "i'm so ready to sleep." (sees red ants in bed) ok, never mind.
Should Auld Acquaintance Be Forget and Never Brought To Mind ?
it was a quite good year :)) i made some new friends, I also met him :) but only met :/ never mind...
Frank is like a crazy cat lady but with dogs...and he's a guy...and he's married...so he's not really...okay never mind.
Mega mind is brilliant! As if I've never seen it before!
A person who can never admit their faults is a person of emotion. It takes a logical mind-state to bring balance to the situation.
Mind your own business! I never criticize you!!
I gat Money on my mind,I can never give "UP" :|
mind over matter never worked for my nemisis .
Giving my friend a seriously late birthday present today, her birthday was at the start of december.. Never mind, better late than never!
Never Mind Blackburn..
Oh, a cheque cleared. Never mind me... Phenomenon no more.
Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne?
NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUU U U U
Relax. What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind! - Homer Simpson
Oh well never mind that, morning twitter*
Never mind I'll finde someone like youuuuuuu
Am impressed,i've never met such a small mind inside such a  big head before.
Man's Mind, Once Stretched by a New Idea, Never Regains its Original Dimensions ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
No matter how old rihanna's songs are, I never mind listening to them
Never mind.. Your just wasting my time
I always had a mind of my own so I just like doing shit my way. . . A weak mind could never understand me.
""Never mind, I'll find someone like you""
never mind , i like him again :)
Hais never mind no reply, I wait ;)
Yucks, Berbatov equalized. Never mind, Blackburn had already upset the odds!
I should not be angry and bare grudgest. "Should all aquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind…."
That awqard moment when you fall in love with a piece of clothing, but then you see the price. "NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU" :D
Never mind they are closed today!! :(
I never thought I'd be in love like this .When I look at you my mind goes on a trip .Then you came in, and knocked me on my face
Never mind, I'll find someone like you, I wish nothing but the best for you, too, Don't forget me, I beg
never mind, they will win it .. you know it.
Amazing....the things people do for..... never mind I'll never understand..
Wish I'd never been on holiday there, too many mind fucks
So your spending the night with HER? Well aint she fucking lucky. Never mind me.
"@Laughbook: Saying "never mind" when you don't feel like repeating yourself."
Never mind, i'll find someone like you i wish nothing but the best for you two..
Never mind a hairdryer, Ferguson needs to get the straighteners and curling tongs out.
Some ppl got life confused until u open ur mind you'll never understand shit
- When you truly care for Someone, their mistakes never change your feelings because its the mind that gets Angry but the Heart still Cares.
<-------- mind is gone... Drinks should b in my hand but it's Frito products! Gotta b something that $$ like I never get enough
Never mind, Ill find someone like you
I'm great at sewing, knitting etc. Half the time an outfit I envision in my mind I never find in a store so I start making shit lol
can't even remember the last time I tweeted about a Leeds goal never mind a Leeds win,come on lads sort it out!! MOT
I just love my Mom ! And dad I'll be hate !! Never mind of It all U SUCK dad !
never mind, I'll find someone like you ♪
"Front left isn't on guys..." Front right actually JB but never mind lol
Add skanky gypo parents who can't look after themselves never mind there kids too that list!!
never mind i'll find someone like youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Never mind i'll find someone like you, lol jk I don't want to meet anyone like you
never mind the fact that i'm not doing anything exciting for new years. I'll make tonight AWESOME, mark my words.
never mind i'll find someone better than you .
pda suka kata kata never mind i'll find someone like you, i wish nothing but the best for you too ya ??
Never mind i'll find someone like you. Huhu
Maybe I've never crossed his mind ever since, or maybe never.. I don't...
Never mind, my new years resolution will be to eat breakfast a little bit earlier in the day...
Never mind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too
never mind, checked out the morrisons website...wasnt even aware they had a website hahaha
When you shoot yourself in the foot. No? Oh never mind.
How is Vaz Te trending? Didn't even know they had electricity in Barnsley never mind twitter
