Yesterday was crazy and today wont be any better
My resolutions are daily: Be better than I was yesterday.
Glad I feel better today, I felt like I was about to die yesterday
My work day yesterday was pretty good.....so I pray its even better 2day....
Yesterday was good, but lets make today even better
Yesterday was the other day...Move on to today and make a better choice!
...While I'm here, for this moment, for this day, I can be better than I was on yesterday.
It feels like yesterday was all a dream... A very bad  dream... Part of me wants to take it back... But its better if i dont...  </3
..."I am excited for tomorrow when I will be better than I am today. I am grateful for today, now that I am better than I was yesterday."
feeling better this morning. i was sick as a dog da whole day yesterday. smh.
Man...I gotta be better than I was yesterday. Simple.
You know how shitty my mood was yesterday? Well, it's not much better today. Sigh. Hopefully it'll be better before people come over!
I got new years resolutions I'm proud to say it don't be ashamed and yes I'm trying to be a better person than I was yesterday.
Dear God please help me to be a better person today than I was yesterday. Amen 
am I going 2 b different n 2012 then I was n 2011? Ya I am..But Im a different person than I was yesterday..I'm always changin 4 the BETTER
Glad I feel better. I was hurting yesterday. Oh, gm yall.
If yesterday was a bad day, make today a better day than yesterday. Good Morning
Work work work .... Hope today is better then yesterday even though yesterday was great
Hopefully my ear will decrispify by wednesday, its looking better today but it was bad yesterday..
BB was getting better d yesterday, but suddenly turning very bad coughing since this morning! N we can't do anything! I hate this feeling
If yesterday was a bad day, make today a better day than yesterday.
Hopefully today is better than yesterday was .
When yesterday was a disappointment and today isn’t better,remember theres always a tomorrow,so make it something to look forward to and :)
I hate the REMIXES in MBC. Yesterday at KBS was better and DJ KOO saved the remixes at KBS.. Err.
So the concert was pretty awesome yesterday, tonight will be even better. <3 Skillet and Hawk Nelson were my favorite(:
I think this Gayo Daejun was better than yesterday in terms of the stage and audience.
im a better person than i was yesterday
... why does Hongki's hair look just as bad as yesterday? ;A; I was hoping for a better hairstyle today >.<
I'm so thankful for the news I got yesterday. Better than what I thought was gonna turn up.
Yesterday I was looking forward to going out tonight.. Now not so much, my bed seems like a better option!!
Just did another 30min but was SO much better (harder,faster,tempo changes) than yesterday: feel ACE! (Hope I'll still be fit for tonight!)
went on the scales and it was better than what I thought it would be with the amount of shit I ate yesterday.
morning world feeling much better yesterday i was so sick from my pain killer never again
Same goal different day just trying to become a better man then I was yesterday
overall, yesterday was great ! tonight should be better <3 everyones partying in vegas ! ;o
Mornin world...hopein today was better then yesterday!
Goodbye 2011 ...To be honest it was not a pleasure to meet you. Everything was cool until yesterday. I hope 2012 will be better.
after yesterday's perf I was way better :c I'm not blaming them...
Better today than I was yesterday and only half as great as I will be tomorrow.
I'm feeling much better today than I was yesterday...
Every morning is a brand new start & a chance for u to be better than u were yesterday. Yesterday was Yesterday, so let's focus on today.
Things have got to get better. My brand new kindle fire was stolen yesterday. I had my last check in the case so now I really am broke now.
Well, I survived the vertigo shower and I feel 1,000 x better than I did yesterday.  The vertigo was at a lull, thankfully.
Well at least today's red carper costumes was better than yesterday's....(yesterday's were just plain wtf.)
I try 2 b better than I was yesterday
Yesterday was a very happy day and you guys made it even better, thank you! :)
I was feeling kinda better yesterday but now i feel horrible&i aint even go outside!
Tonights show was WAY better than yesterday. It was a good day. Better than I expected. Goodnight!(:
Makin Today Better Than It Was Yesterday
Mood's slightly better than yesterday, think it was probably just lack of sleep.
Another 12 miles on the bike yesterday.  Pace was much better. Gotta work on endurance after few months off.
i think i was bit by a spider yesterday. if so, i better be getting super powers!
Yesterday was Awesome ; Cousins stayed Over ; Today is Gonna be Even Better! <3
Before yesterday it was better than Liverpool's! However they've hit a bit of a rut (1 win in 8) & home wins v WBA, Stoke, BWFC, FFC.
80's ski wear NYE party outfit secured, could do better but at least I have something this time yesterday desperation was kicking in
I was suck yesterday so I just slept my life away. I'm feeling much better
The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday.
No New Year resolutions for me, just my daily resolution to be better then I was yesterday.
I get down on my knees & pray for a better tomorrow & a better person I was than yesterday.
On the way to work in a better mood than I was in yesterday :)
My TL was waaaaaay better around this time yesterday than what it is now , lol .
“@iRawAszMadam The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday.”
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday.
it was better yesterday ;~;
Man yesterday was a mess!....I hope today will be better..........Looking forward to a new year!
Morning Twitter btw. Glad I had a better night sleep last night. I was operating on only an hour of sleep yesterday hence the lack of tweets
I will be better today than I was yesterday. If you ain't gettin' better, you're only gettin' worse.
IT WAS A GUD DAY YESTERDAY HOPE TODAY BE BETTER $$$
Ima be the same person I was yesterday,today tomorrow and next year. New Years Resolution? Umm only to get better with age ;)
We better go to the mall today...I was highly upset yesterday...
My personal highlight of 2011 was the news that was announced yesterday. It will mean 2012 will be an even better year.
Was it better today or yesterday?
ohhhhhh , dhat fitee was soooo much better den YESTERDAY's fitee .!!!!
sorry i was not on yesterday was sick! i little better now!!!
I was only mildly productive yesterday. I have to do way better today.
Yesterday was alright but Wanna make Today be Better.
I'm not saying I'm better than anyone. But I am saying I'm better than the guy I was yesterday.
Yesterday was shitty hopefully today will be better!
can't worry about the past, that was yesterday. work on today so that you may have a better tomorrow (:
I was so sick yesterday I'm feeling a little better now....
I saw Sherlock Holmes new part tod...yesterday. Liked it... but admit the first one was better.
The only person i shud try to be better than, Is the person i was yesterday
“@YoungJeezy103 Yesterday  was alright but let's make today better!”
I hope todays a better day then yesterday was !
Im not better than anyone, besides the girl I was yesterday!
It was long ago it was far away and it was so much better than yesterday...
Just want to feel as though my day will better today because yesterday was probably the worse day of my life so far
I want to be a person who is better than what I was yesterday, a person who is not embarrassed when to look back.
Im just gonna worry bout bettering myself try to be a better person today then i was yesterday.
yesterday was good!!,, but today is guna be better
OMG feeling terrible right now :/ Yesterday was worse so i guess I'm getting better, but I feel so tired and sick..
Yesterday was the past hope for a better tomorrow
I'm freaked out this year went by so fast..I remember 7th grade like it was yesterday I actually miss it I liked it better
"I pray to be better than I was yesterday. I pray to be stronger. I pray to be faced with a happy ending..."
I was already feeling better yesterday. Not so good again today. I'm going to fight this feeling & welcome 2012 with a bang!
Up, was so tired yesterday& slept early, feeling better today
Everyday I try to be a little better than I was yesterday. . .
Better than yesterday, it was delayed for around 5 hours!!!!
I was told yesterday that if one is very critical about the regime here, one can disappear. I better be carefu
Day 2 at Luigi's was a WHOLE lot better than yesterday! (: I'm a born pizza maker! (:
Yesterday was a good day. Today's. Going to be an even better day!!!!
those ppl that was supposed to convert my iphone pissed me the fuck off yesterday.. they better do i
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday
This time yesterday was so much better than now.
yesterday oomf said he was drinking moscato str8 & was fucked up...smh that weak ass drink im sure you can do better, much much better! Llss
& yesterday I though 2011 was at its worst.. I wish I could just get away from everyone & everything. Life needs to get better asap!
Today was a good day i only had one break down better than yesterday lbs
..:) do better than i was YESTERDAY... *pulls sweet*
better than i was yesterday i tell yeah!
I'll be the first to admit I'm far from perfect and I never claim to be but I'm trying to be a better person than I was yesterday...
I was just winning all around yesterday... Couldnt have gone better if ya ask me.
Gotta make sure today is better than yesterday was.
Yesterday,  was a hard day for me.  I'm better now,  i know that somethings happen for a reason . Maybe it was time for him to go?
Yesterday was extra dry... didnt even leave the house. *sigh* i hope today is better.
Yesterday was full of surprises. Today is going to be even better. Its my bday. I got my baby, my health and my savior. What else do I need?
Yesterday was just not my day...today will be better..starting with these nuggets :)
im just tryin to see anoht aday yesterday it was ok hopefully today will be better tho hopefully i get sum better blo!!!
I hope you know that what you said yesterday really hurt me. Instead of trying to make me feel better, you kicked me while I was down.
Im not trying to b better than anyone, the person i was yesterday is my only competition
Man yesterday was fun at roundtop on the first day but i think today on new years it will b better the hills r open til11:30 then fireworks.
It was AND still isn't easy on me... but each day is better than the next. And my tomorrow will never look like yesterday.
Wish God can help me be a better person than I was yesterday today and tomorrow..
Yesterday was 1 of the best days of my life, I will miss 2011, I hope 2012 is just as good as 2011 or even better!! :)
I am better than I was yesterday and that is enough for now. :)
When yesterday was a disappointment and today isn’t better, remember theres always a tomorrow, make it something to look forward to & smile.
I honestly just want to be a better person than I was yesterday
yesterday I was dyin to go home but now I wanna stay b/c even though it's cold it's 20x better than NE.
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday..
The only person I wanna be better than is the person I was yesterday.
honestly , my day yesterday was a lot better ..
I wanna be better than I was yesterday.
Everyday i strive to be better than i was yesterday
the only person i try to be better than, is the person i was yesterday .
thanks for making me a strong person and even though you left me with nothing I can say I am a better person than I was yesterday.
tomorrow, I'll be better than I was today. Right now, I'm better than I was yesterday.
Today was SOO much better than yesterday night. 
RT "@PrettyBoyTYB: The only person I try to be better than, Is the person I was yesterday."
The only person I try to be better than, Is the person I was yesterday.
“@Wassa_Name The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday...”
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday...
When Yesterday Was A Disappointment & Today Isnt Better,Remember Theres Always A Tomorrow,So Make It Something To Look Forward To And Smile.
Yesterday was a good day, and to was even better!
Today was better than yesterday.. I still feel ljke ik m stuck in a rut though. Its driving me nuts.
Yesterday was good. Today'll be better :)
Inna muchh, much better mood than I was yesterday(: Tanis is ahmazingg..mhm. lol. Except he was getting a bit mad becauseee of STUPID people
For 2011 thanks yesterday was so beautiful in my life good and bad experiences and I wish my 2012 could be better in life
Yesterday Was Stressful But Today Was Much Better.
the only person i have to be better than is who i was yesterday
So this is what it's like... Hm.. Yesterday was better..
Tuesday will make 3yes Corey been gone n it still feel like yesterday but u n a better place even tho I feel I was pose to b wit u
ughhhh !!!!!! yesterday was horrible today aint endin no better , night twitter .!!!!!!!
Thought I had the best sammich ever yesterday. Then I remembered there was no sex before.  . .Sex just makes everything taste better.
Imma try to b a better person today than I was yesterday
I swear. My whole family dk how appreciate SJ. Yesterday when SJ performing, my mom was like 'They sing live not like la! TVXQ better!'
I'm better than the person i was yesterday
yesterday was better ..
All I want is to be better than I was yesterday!
- My husband wrote his wife from a long trip, "Honey, you better not no woman! Yesterday, I was convinced again!"
“@LargerThanWords: The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday.
So today was better than yesterday,
Yesterday was a good day, little better today as well.. but still this wierd empty feeling inside just cant seem to fill no matter what
Today was so much better than yesterday.
I'm feeling better. Way better than I was yesterday
Man the KBS Gayo was terrible. The one yesterday was 10x better.
Tomorrow is always a better thing to look forward to when yesterday was a disappointment & today wasn't any better .
Today was much better than yesterday
Themeal was good yesterday but its sooo uch better as left overs!!!
this day is going better than yesterday, an yesterday was my birthday o:< lol !
Yesterday I was the saddest Ive ever been. Today Im the maddest Ive ever been. So tomorow I better be the happiest fucking person alive.
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday. .(Source: cydtunadoako)
I was right. Today is better than yesterday.
Finally let these damn tears out that was trying to get out yesterday but I wouldn't let them ! I feel better now though !
Yesterday was the shittiest day of my life. Literally. Hahaha! I've never been so sick. Anyway, feel a lot better today.
"@_DBowie: I'm not perfect but I'm better than I was on yesterday."
I'm not perfect but I'm better than I was on yesterday.
Doing work again!!! I did better than yesterday when I clocked out... I'm where I was but more today ☺ hello more hours ☺
And the only person I ever have to worry about being better than is the person I was yesterday.
Hope Oomf is feeling better... He was kinda down yesterday
Feeling better than I was earlier and yesterday.
Had chipotle wit oomf yesterday it was nasty. How do ya like tht. Chick fl-a is way better
Chip seems to be better than he was yesterday.  Still pretty out of it, but better.
The only person I want to better than is the one i was yesterday
Feeling slightly better now... No excruciating stomach pains like yesterday... Just a slight pain, to remind me of how bad it was. XD
The Only person I can try and Be Better than is the person I was yesterday - 2012 is a new year, Its brand new & Its Mine!
My day was better than yesterday .
Found a MacBook Pro at work yesterday. I better get a one way pass straight to heaven cause that shit was hard to return loool
My life some shit but the only thing I can do is be better than I was yesterday
Today was soo much better than yesterday
I was waiting all yesterday and today to hear your voice. Those 2min. and 14sec. are better then not hearing your voice at all. J<3
This convo is goin WAY better then it was this morning and yesterday .
The anamnesis that occurred yesterday was nothing but a mere reflection of the changes I've made for the better
The ONLY person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday!!
Today was better then yesterday, hopefully tomorrow is even better. (:
Today was zoo much better than yesterday, looks like my horoscope was right ;)
yesterday was awesome :] tomorrow will be even better!
You know your ab workout yesterday was intense when after your meal your abs hurt just from being full. I better end up with abs of steel.
I'm Anginita Butler this year, and I will be next year too. Only person I'm trying to be better than is the person I was on yesterday.
Finally on my way home. Yesterday sucked, came down with either strep or pneumonia and was running a 104 temp. Feeling a lot better today(:
the only person i try to be better than , is the person i was yesterday .
YESTERDAY THERE WAS NO FANCHANT AT SBS GAYO DAEJUN !! SMENT, YOU BETTER EAT YOUR FOOD !!
Im just trying to be better thn I was yesterday! Y'all don't  me tho
When yesterday was  dissapointment and today isnt better remember theres alwais a tomorrow so make it something to look forward to and smile
Trying to be better than I was yesterday
The Only Person I Have to be Better Than is the Person I was Yesterday...
New years resolution is to never have another resolution. I work all year to be better today than I was yesterday! Happy new year!!
yesterday was amazing... the day before. even better
the only person im trying to be better than is the person I was yesterday.
“@MoneyMakingBrit: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday .”
But the other day and yesterday I was better
"@MoneyMakingBrit: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday ."
yesterday I thought I was getting better but now I feel ever crappier. Looks like I'm not drinking tonight
Today I'm a better person than I was yesterday. Tommorrow I will be the best that I could ever be.!!!!!!!cheers
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday .
Holy shit MBLAQ's per. Today was kickass :O ♥ better than yesterday + coordi noonas obv got their shit together :')
When yesterday was a disappointment and today isnt better remember there always a tomorrow so make it something to look forward to and smile
I'm who I am...work in progress. Better today than I was yesterday.
woke up about 3 hours ago. that was good sleep. much better than yesterday.
Went to see The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo yesterday and, dare I say it, actually thought it was better than the Swedish film version...
"Nuhh uh, that's a lie. That was yesterday. I walked by before watching Community and I saw it &was like 'OH SHIT, I better clean this.'"
Lord make me a better man den I was yesterday...#DailyTweet
when yesterday was a disappointment, and today wasn't any better..
Salon >.<, shouldve gone to empire yesterday but I was fucked up for the better part of the day lol
Be better than you was yesterday.
I thought yesterday was a good day, today is even better! God is good! :)
Ken Shields definition of winning – “getting a little better today than I was yesterday, and doing that everyday”
Had an ok practice. This was our 1st full practice back from Christmas Break. Must keep working to be better today than we were yesterday!
"@Yo_DMAC: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday...fuck u other people..#random"
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday."
I Just Try To Be Better Than The Person I Was Yesterday
But it was better then Yesterday
Spurrier also said yesterday's practice was better than today's. Said maybe cause it's hot?
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday...fuck u other people..#random
Can't wait til 4:30....today was better than yesterday tho
Today would b better babe if it was like yesterday so happy and lovely...
Yesterday day has been put behind me and so are the people that was in it they are no longer my future and better as my past!!
damn!! i'm getting sicker!! i thought i was better yesterday. shit, right before New Years of course.
I don't have to be a good person, just better than I was yesterday...
Working to be better than i was yesterday
When yesterday was a disappointment and today isn't better,remember there's always a tomorrow,so make it something to look forward and smile
I called her this morning... "You do know it was yesterday Elli..." I'm a bad friend. And I apologize, Smh... Lol, gotta do better E!
"The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday"
Finally better omg yesterday was horrible
I watched Sharpay's fabulous adventure at the hospital yesterday. Austin's hair was 100x better in that movie.
thank goodness i'm feeling a lil better today. i was dying yesterday. >.<
Yesterday I beat Batman and I told him: I thought you will better batman, but I found that it was a nun! :D
Yesterday was a good day, lets make today a better one.
My face is better. Lol! You can still see where it is burnt but is isnt like it was yesterday. Hahaha!!
Day 2 better than yesterday. Felt awful need to remember how bad it was and still can be. Although it doesn't have to be. Leap of faith.
I love to bring out the best in myself and progress , the only person i think im better then is the person i was yesterday.
Today would be better babe, if it was like yesterday, so happy and lovelaayy, hey hey heeyyy <3
Yesterday was alright but let's make today better!
Ion think im better den nobody but da person I was yesterday!!
2012 make it a better year. forget the past that was yesterday . tomorrow a new future. Last 2011 friday live it up! <3
Feeling much better today ... Was very tired yesterday .... Oh yes if I forgot to mention love Fridays ..
i think its sooo sweet how the people txting my phone txts me to make sure im doing better cause i was on my death bed yesterday :(
Wake up its 7am , bout time we do it again..Sunshine today I better make plans cause it rained yesterday but that was okay , Can't complain.
That ups guy better stop here.! Edds shirt was supposed to be here yesterday
Woke up feeling much better today, thank god. Yesterday my throat was hurting so bad I couldn't swallow anything at all. It was horrible!
Yesterday was good, but today is going to be better.
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday !!
Had such a good day yesterday...Phantom was SO good. I remembered it being good, but it was so much better than I remembered!
“@WorshipMySwag only person i plan to be better than, is the person i was yesterday.”
only person i plan to be better than, is the person i was yesterday.
Yesterday was good tonight should be better tho !
The only person I will ever compare myself to or feel like I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday.
Yesterday I was d "Best Man" @ d best wedding ever. Saw 2 of my friends get married; What more can be Better? This is gon last forever
I heard yesterday that Wale was better than J Cole and laughed
A record night and it was ten times better than the shit fight that was yesterday
Yesterday was a wep today shud be better !
:') "@JoshuaCooper: Trotz on Shea Weber: "I know he was feeling better yesterday, and he had that little glean back in his eye.""
Trotz on Shea Weber: "I know he was feeling better yesterday, and he had that little glean back in his eye."
I actually Feel better. NO head ache or nothing :)) yesterday was the worst day ever I felt so much hurt in my life
This chipotle was better today than it was yesterday lol...
Far from perfect, but better, stronger and wiser than i was yesterday
I just woke up and I'm a lot better than it was yesterday -_-
Feelin wayy better than i feelt yesterday  .I wass vommitting an stuff  .Wt ever was wrong i gave it to my moma
RT"@mrplay: The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday."
Yesterday was better than today :S
I Aint Blow Yesterday Cus I Was Under The Weather....But Im Straight 2 Day ...Feelin Much Better....MATCH!!
the only person i have to  be better than is the person i was yesterday ..
still feel like shit . but I'm better than what I was yesterday :)
Im gonna be a better person today than I was yesterday.
Yesterday was good and to day will be even better.
Just waking up I feel better today cuz yesterday I was sick af and thur up
Yesterday was a great day... Hope today be even better :)
Yesterday was a wayyyyy better day than today! Sheeessshh. I wanna go back to bed and start over!
Feeling a lot better than I was yesterday..
Bouta go make me some left overs cause it was rollin yesterday so I no its gon taste even better today.....issssss
Oh and also, the GM that everyone hates here, who is a PIG! ... Was fired yesterday. We're all so excited. Work will be so much better now.
Feels like yesterday I was writing on my papers 2000. 2012 you better be good.
Yesterday was productive af!  .Today shall be better. pay day :)
Today I am better than i was yesterday. Great workout. Heading to the cages later in the afternoon
Now to finish wat I was saying yesterday our new shit nobody better not steal...
Yesterday was amazing ... I hope today is even better
Yesterday was fun. Tonight should be better.
Pray for Lisa's dad. He was doing better yesterday but has now developed pneumonia and will be in the hospital longer.
Trying to be better today than I was yesterday...and then repeat daily.
Hello world...finally feelin better. I was strugglin yesterday n the day b4 smh 2 sickly w/ that stomach virus
S/O to great friends that encourage me to be better than I was yesterday ;)
Im Not Better Than Anyone, Besides The Girl I Was Yesterday!
Yesterday we was on a Break ..today im yo better half... .NO MA'AM
Felt like crap throughout the night & not feeling better this morning.. considering I ate two things yesterday, I think I was poisoned! lol
So I couldn't go to the mall yesterday cause I was supa sick..today I'm feelin a little better, but Fiona & Ashlee are sick.. go alone?
THIS is my daily goal: “@TrueKofi: I will be better today than I was yesterday. If you ain't gettin' better, you're only gettin' worse.”
Yesterday was a great day;) let's make today even better... Happy Friday
Woke up feeling much better. Thank god.  Yesterday was absolutely horrible.
This Sandwich was better yesterday than it is Today"/
Good morning my tweeters! I was a little under the weather yesterday. Got a full nights rest and feeling better this morning!
I really did go to bed with the mindset that today was gonna be better than yesterday...NOT.
Off to see Sherlock Holmes 2 at the pictures. Mission Impossible 4 yesterday was actually rather good, so it had better compete.
Well yesterday was boring. Let's hope today goes better!
The park again today with the babies. I'm becoming a housewife. Today I will smell better. It was embarrassing yesterday.
Feeling better then Idid yesterday :) cause lord know I was in pain but breakfast to start off my day .
Yesterday  was alright but let's make today better!
Yesterday was a tough day, but I'm determined to make today better.
Feeling a lot better today but still not 100% better...yesterday was hell tho..
“@OdellExec: Today, I am going to better than I was yesterday. Tomorrow, I will be better than today.”
wow! yesterday was absolutely perfect! couldnt have asked for a better day <3
I remember this day last year like it was yesterday. I should've known better.
no new years resolution no goals. cus i got the same objective everyday. be a better person than I was yesterday
Omg im loving them CCU vs FMU tweets cause i was fussing with somebody yesterday about how much better CCU is ! All of them are so true :
Hoping today was better then yesterday
Everyday I wake up I pray to be a better Man than I was yesterday
“@OdellExec: Today, I am going to be better than I was yesterday. Tomorrow, I will be better than today.” amen
Michigan weather is so bipolar....yesterday it was snowing, now it's raining. Anything is better than snow. *shrugs
“@drakkkerdnoir The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday.”
& was KBS Gayo Daejun better than yesterdays SBS or MBC or whatever it was yesterday? O_O
My yesterday was better than yours ;)
Everyone was on some other shit yesterday, today better be different.
Ima take my ipad out the box tomorrow lol I was slumt yesterday... tomorrow shall be a better day to play wit it
Muuuch better mood today-Idk Wtf was up w me yesterday...oan: resisting the urge to fall back asleep...
Lol yesterday was krae for me smh mixed emotions an stress dont mix an being depressed an sad all the time I feel better today
Yesterday was just awful.. and I don't see today being any better.. /:
My Day Better Be BETTER Than Yesterday, & Yesterday Was One Helluva Day
Cmon i was so crabby yesterday- beast mode. Was also under the weather. FEELING MUCH BETTER TODAY!!!!
Wow yesterday was good and bad. Could of been better
Yesterday was rough, today shall be better
Yesterday was a really bad day for me.....my mind was wondering all day. Hopefully today will be better.
I'm going to make my today better than yesterday, because I was blessed to see another day..
yesterday was so awk... today better not be like that !
Today, I am going to better than I was yesterday. Tomorrow, I will be better than today.
I am better then I was yesterday!!!!
welll that was a nice surpise...hopefulllu today willl be a little better than yesterday
Had Willy's Mexican Grille yesterday for lunch. Was pretty much Moe's with better chicken, no beef, runny queso, and thinner chips.
hopefully today was better than yesterday !
Yesterday I had the worst fucking fever ever..I was like fucking possessed..today I feel sorta better. Need to shower/touchmyself just now.
The only person I have to be better than...is the person I was yesterday...
Yesterday was great, I couldnt stop laughing. Today will be even better!
Ugh I was so sick yesterday. Lastnight was a horriable night sleep. Hophlly today will be better
The only woman that I will ever have to be better than is the woman that i was yesterday.
No New Year's resolutions for me. Everyday I strive to be a better person than I was yesterday...spiritually and physically.
The only person that I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday! ! !
I'm going to make sure that today was better than yesterday. :)
I pray my luck is better today than it was yesterday... Good morning !! :-)
Everyday I'm trying to be a better me than I was yesterday
In a 35964 xs better mood than I was in yesterday :)
I was in a terrible mood all yesterday so today better be a good day. I will MAKE it a good day.
Yesterday was a good ass day: made a lil money , wrote two songs after midnight ate good, today will be better
good morning twitter world thanking the man above for another hopefully today is better than it was yesterday
anyway today's Gayo Daejun was awesome ^^ better than yesterday's
yesterday was not my day but i hope today will be better :-)
Yesterday was another amazing day with Victoria Coskery, everyday we spend together keeps getting better, I can't wait see see her again. <3
There's something to live by "@TrueKofi: I will be better today than I was yesterday. If you ain't gettin' better, you're only gettin' worse
Twitter was a strange place yesterday and lastnight. I feel so much better today : )
I hope work is better today, than it was yesterday.
DH had dental surgery out of town yesterday so it was a long day. He's feeling better so far this morning.
"@CuonzoMartin: I was happy with the team's play yesterday. Our resolution for 2012, continue to get better every day. Go Vols!"
Yesterday was amazing. I hope today will be the same or maybe better.
Yesterday was yesterday , Nd Today Is A New Day I'm trying make each day in my life better than the day before :)
I feel better 2day tho!!!! I was sicker than a mutherfucker yesterday....
im not perfect but im much better than i was yesterday.
Yesterday was a good day, today is gonna b even better!
Before you go to sleep each night, ask yourself: Was I better today than yesterday?
i saw yesterday nikita season 1 and i must admit it was better than the 2nd... i don't really like the stories in season 2(michael's son,..)
RT “@TrueKofi: I will be better today than I was yesterday. If you ain't gettin' better, you're only gettin' worse.”
Yesterday night was the night but tomorrow night we will do it all again and even better!
"@TrueKofi: I will be better today than I was yesterday. If you ain't gettin' better, you're only gettin' worse." Amen Kofi!
thinking that today would be better than yesterday guess i was wrong
I better be practicing today cause i didn't practice yesterday! Mom messing up my flow! I really didn't care how cold it was yesterday!
My new year resolution: Be a better person than what I was yesterday.
Yesterday was long af but today will be better
The Land Rover turned 47 yesterday, was still celebrating today by driving it around a lot.  Now visiting Mrs C in hosp, bit better today..
I think I heard Robin Say Her Money Was Kinda Funny ' I Want My $14 I Give Her Yesterday & She Gne Ol Me $1OO On Da Second She Better Ger >
yes! “@LemonCandie: Today's Gayo Daejun was way better than yesterday's”
Today's Gayo Daejun was way better than yesterday's
Yesterday was alright let's make today better
Hours and vote. And that was a choice. SJ really worked so hard to make ELF feel better with what happened yesterday also.. Im very thankful
yesterday was great, today will be better...#salute to those keepin it 1000
ON MY WAY TO WORK :(.... HOPE IT'S BETTER THAN YESTERDAY CAUSE A SISTA WAS ON HER WAY TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT LINE
or make today better RT“@louisnileroy: I wish every day was as good as yesterday.”
pulled a muscle in my neck yesterday. it was really hurting this morning but seems to be a bit better. heating pad will be my friend today.
KBS was better than SBS yesterday :'] can't wait for MBC !! wanna watch it live at Maaduu <3
Pandora doing better than what it was doing yesterday lol
My back was killin me yesterday..Hipe today is better
Today was better than yesterday (-•̯ . •̯-) amazing <3
honestly, their performance yesterday was better. .but I won't call it perfect because ELF wasn't there for them. .SM, EAT FOOD I SAYY !!!
yesterday was better. the green roommage
I'm better than I was yesterday and worst than I am tomorrow.... Growth
Man!! Yesterday was a bad day!! :-(  .I hope today is better!!  :-/
yesterday's was better. but somehow i feel that today was more organised.
“@_frenchKissin: Yesterday was cool. Today will be even better.. Just me & my bae :)” man what??
Good morning. Feeling better after thinking I was catching the flu bug yesterday that's been pestering the family. Hope I dodged the bullet.
In a better mood than I was yesterday : )
Had a Great Time Yesterday The Rose had My Gee, Definitely Better Then Last Yr... Hella Love Was Shown
I was happy with the team's play yesterday. Our resolution for 2012, continue to get better every day. Go Vols!
I feel a lil better then I was yesterday but I still feel like shit.
When I was on the shower this morning I promised myself that today was going to be better than yesterday
Well... yesterday's was better lol.
Ben Breedlove's funeral service was beautiful yesterday, i hope he's in a better place now
Yesterday was a lot better. Jinjja.
I stayed up for this? Omg tmw's better be better. This one was less of a fuckmess than yesterday's but still.
DD2 knows me so well. Yesterday we were caught in traffic and I was upset. She said, "Let me play you a David Cook to make you feel better."
just woke up i am much better yesterday i was really tired and didnt want to do anything oh well gotta finish my homework today
OMG. it was better than yesterday?! i can feel it, since it has the dance break and the gangster style AJAJAJAJAJ
Today better be a good day because yesterday was THE BULLSHT
Feeling better than I was yesterday.  Thank you, Jesus for my rest.
Noo. Yesterday's 2PM performance was better, because Sohee came out and sang THE best line.
lol .  . . yesterday was a good day . . . i hope today even better.
Gotta be better than I was yesterday
Ethan facetimed her yesterday it was so cute ☺ My kids love technology! They operate iphones & computers better than adults.
Yesterday was cool. Today will be even better.. Just me & my bae :)
I was filming yesterday at my hotel. I was outside someone elses door, because better lighting. Someone put the curtains up when they saw
Feel better today...yesterday was sick as a dog
Yesterday, my dad was like 'I bet my English vocabulary is better than yours' and I was like 'don't you mean "more extensive"?' and then..
yesterday was fun, but today should be better ^_^
I declared that yesterday was going to be a better day ; & it was :)) Today will be the same ;)
The only person I have to better than is the person I was yesterday .
Yesterday was cool but I'm gon make today even better....Time to get ready to hit dis gym...#SlowGrind
My motivation is life. I wanna be better than I was yesterday.
Go and get it! Gotta be better than I was yesterday.
Great to see him recovering,better than it was yesterday:-)
I'm feeling way better than I was yesterday !
Overall yesterday's show wasn't that bad.... But wednesdays was better
snsd's performance today is a lot better than yesterday..but the dance was better yesterday and they are still hitting flat notes..
Yesterday was a lot better than the day before thanks to my friends... :)
Yesterday was the worst day ever then on top of that I couldn't have a good nites rest so I hope today better
I thought I was better yesterday but woke up worse
Didn't know it was possible, but I slept 2x the recommended hours yesterday. Talk about bed head! {Feeling a bit better, though.}
Ima better person today then I was yesterday
Well, hopefully todays better than yesterday was.
Workflow missing my lil one hope she feeling better yesterday was rough spent all day at the hospital all night up with her
Yesterday was the perfect day (after fixing the machine at work) grubbin,drinking n shopping with good company don't get much better
I'm going to be better then I was yesterday!
Yonghwa's voice's getting better. yesterday was really noticeable.
Still in pain due 2 my unborn, but ima way better person than I was yesterday..
kbs gayo daejun is so boring who said it's better than sbs lol there was sm orchestra yesterday which was freaking awesome :D
This weather is way better cuz yesterday it was cold as hell.
Seungho breakdance..hmm..yesterday was better?
Told y'all yesterday would be good day...and it was. Today will be even better. I claim it NOW!
ow the negative nancies in omntd ._. this was better than yesterday
How is it that I was feeling better yesterday and today I wake up feeling worse?
Yesterday was crazy,hopefully today will b better
once again . yesterday's gayo was better ~
Last night better yet yesterday was great!
Today I'm better than I was yesterday ^_^
Wonder Girls' Be My Baby was so much better today than yesterday's
Yesterday was the worst day ever, hope today is ALOT better
despite the shuffle dance, this was better than anything sbs did yesterday.
I'm better than I was yesterday
Feeling so much better this morning,glad he was by my side yesterday....#myman
I hope today goes by fast and was as good as yesterday if not better :)
this better be a good day. i was promised one yesterday, and it was the complete opposite.
Taking yesterday off was a fantastic decision! I feel so much better! Now, off to Athens to conduct the UGA alumni band.
The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday
“@LilMamaBARBIE Dear God please help me to be a better person today than I was yesterday. Amen”
Yesterday was an amazing day! Today will b much better
Sooo glad the show isnt as laggy as yesterday's show ! But yesterdays show  was better so far
Yesterday i was talking to my 1D posters... it sound crazy but later I feel better...
Amazing what a hot bath and a lot of sleep will do for you. Feeling so much better than I was yesterday.
Yesterday was a epic failure hope today be better
Thank God 4another chance 2b better than I was yesterday
In a better mood den I was yesterday
Abena (@Nessie_bop), is your earth-day today or was yesterday? yuck for being belated. which ever it is, a toast to better days ahead.
4minute performance today was so much better than yesterday. (: loved it!
yesterday was a sad day :-/ .... but today  will be better ...
Gud mornin twitches.....hopin that my day nd night is better than it was yesterday cuz it looks like its gona b a nice day
yesterday was better.. hmmm.
2011 has been great to me and I know 2012 will be even better!! No resolutions just trying to be better than I was yesterday:)
Yesterday was great. Today will be even better.
yesterday was so fucking shit. today's no better. ugh.
so far.. today's kbs gayo daejun is much better than yesterday's sbs.. yest remix and performance was downright boring while waiting for SJ
For the record I'm not serious,never understood the whole 'new year better than last year' malarky,its a new yr,but last yr was yesterday.
Dear God please help me to be a better person today than I was yesterday. Amen
hoping everyone's hair is better today actually yesterday was one big hot mess
yesterday fiction remix/stage was better
Hoping for a better day today..yesterday was a bit harsh til before I went to bed..
THIS IS BORING ! yesterday's broadcast was way better . why is kbs still so lame ;~~~; no wonder why yg is on bad terms LOLOL.
It's better drive to work today. Yesterday was brutal.
Yesterday's stage was better tbh, but I still love everything and everyone.
Hmm.. Yesterday's remix was better
Okay today's Infinite stage was better than yesterday's imo
B2ST (BEAST) it is~ And for some reason I like today better, even though the yesterday's Orchestra think was cool <3 Also, love Fiction!!!
Why am I suddenly more ill now than I was yesterday when I started feeling better? :(
the remix was super hsdufhudshfudsh Better than yesterday *_*
It was a wild night yesterday. Touching you when she's next to us. We better stop this. ;)
I SWEAR INFINITEEE that was better than yesterday's ;;
Please day, go better than yesterday... Yesterday was kinda rough... Thx!
I praise U 4 life, health, strength, waking me up n my right mind, & providing me the chance 2 b better than I was yesterday. Thank u Lord!!
I wake up every morning concentrate on being a better person than I was yesterday.
Feelin better!!!! Cus' yesterday I was fucked up!!
Had our one west yearly sort of reuniion thingy and it was fun yesterday! Best sia! Got wet, makan makan and felt better after the thing too
Yesterday was the reason we wanted to make today better and tomorrow will be another chance to live and improve the future.
My mate saw Essien at a petrol station yesterday, said his knee was better and he'll be back soon.
Good morning! I haven't even said Goodnight yet. Yesterday was mad. Today is going to be so much better. I just know it.
I just love waking up at 6 in the morning to the scorching pain in my throat...I could have sworn I was getting better yesterday...
Thank you father for this day. Have your way with me and help me b better than I was yesterday.
Yesterday night was... Well, Italians just do it better!
My day was a lot better yesterday at this time.
yesterday.. I was pathetic.  Sighhh.. got to do better.
Yesterday was the worst....I hope 2day is better..
i was born yesterday. next time make up a better lie.
"@Nurrullll: Orientation today was G R E A T like x972737383 better than yesterday i/cs ftw!!"
The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday...ı am d competıtıon!"
YESTERDAY was officially ah terrible day besides the fact that me && alex were bless to see it !  i pray today be better amen!  :'/
All praise & glory goes out to my Lord & Savior Jesus Christ for allowing me another day to be better than I was yesterday▪
Thank God for waking me up today. He is giving me another day to improve myself and b much better than I was yesterday.
Ok am much better rested than I was yesterday, lets see if I can't finish this bad boy off
The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday...ı am d competıtıon!
Yesterday was better off, but didn't even know..
The stray cat that was found emaciated yesterday is doing better today- eating, drinking etc. He has turned out to be FIV positive.
I'm feeling a lot better today, then I was yesterday :)
Yesterday I thought my cough was getting better but I wake up today...and it proves me wrong.
I'm nt perfect but I'm better than I was yesterday n yesterday I was better than i was the day before. Living that love God love ppl motto
Just realised yesterday when I was saying how amazing it was I put "it could have been better" when really I meant couldnt
Was convinced I had The Noro yesterday morning. Turned out I had a hangover. Boy was I relieved. Feel better today.
First gym session yesterday and it was pathetic. Hopefully today's is better.
Yesterday I got home from shopping and was just vomiting down the house :( better now doe I think :s
last one that was made yesterday says: "If u knew better you would do better.....man I really wish you knew better!!!!"
Well apparently it was -31 yesterday, It is to get alot better today though, -21ish LOL
Eeeeh, one more cig, another night in my bed, another day to be better than I was yesterday. Blessings
Was I better than I was yesterday?
. Yesterday was good , hopefully today is better : ) !
Yesterday was cold in the wilds of north Norfolk, lovely to spend time with friends. Better before the rain set in, but fun nonetheless ;)
Had an awesome day yesterday, Sherlock Holmes - A Game Of Shadows was a fantastic film, better than the first.
I'm better than I was yesterday, but still a work in progress. One day at a time
i went to Bahrain yesterday and watched the twilight saga:breaking down part1....it was nice but i think that part is gonna be better
I'm in competition to be better than the person that i was yesterday
When yesterday was a disappointment n today isn’t better, rmmbr theres always a tomorrow, so make it something to look forward to n smile :)
Yesterday (5 hrs ago) was awesome! Today is going to be even better. I'm already in my January of 2012. Soon to be in my March 2012 :-D
"@NitaNyalife: I'm just trying to be better than who I was yesterday, who I am today, and who I'll be tomorrow.. Dat goes for 2012 as well!"
watched Doctor Who: Full Circle & State Of Decay yesterday,the 2nd one was a better story in my opinion,got the final part of the E Space
“@Cato_Romae The only person I have to be better than...is the person I was yesterday.”
Yesterday was jus not my day at all! U live and learn and jus rebound when the ball comes off the rim, hope today be a lot better..
The only person I have to be better than...is the person I was yesterday.
I can look at myself to day and say I am better then I was yesterday
Woke up feeling like the only person i have to be better than today.,is the person i was yesterday
Ok"@meedaysweet: The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday."
Yesterday was not my day.!! Hope today a better day for me.!!
:D good nigh world ... Today was better than yesterday ! <3
i don't have to strive to be better than you . i just have to strive to be better than i was yesterday .
happy new year to all... yesterday was good, today is better and tommorow will be the best!
The hardest part of every day is waking up and asking myself if I’m ready to try to make myself better than I was yesterday.
Wonderful music was made today (yesterday really late) and it couldn't have come at a better time.  Better late than never :D
Today's weather was far better than yesterday's thank goodness...
"The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday."
When yesterday was a disappointment & today isnt better, remember theres always a tomorrow, so make it something to look forward to & smile.
The only person I can try to be better than is the person I was yesterday...
its 12:04 ...  yesterday was a weird day.. today should be better
I actually did alot better today then yesterday&I think I could actually be better next year than what I was I will be better, thats my goal
well, atleast it was better than yesterday :p
Her stomach was upset yesterday she came thru when she was feeling better but I didn't get none tho
The Knicks better not be on the bull shit they was on yesterday
Yesterday was a wonderful day; today will be  better! ♥
Today was a good day,  but yesterday wad better 'wonder wat tomorrow will bring!
If its not your day, its not your day. Well this kinda sucks
i miss the gym at school running outside in the cold kinda sucks sometimes ny body doesn't kno if its hot or cold
Ughhhhhhhh, I cnt believe its NYE n I'm still "sick". This shit sucks all kinda ass!
It just sunk into my head that this is my last year of highschool Kinda sucks. I'm not going to see half the people I talk to after its over
Yanno what kinda sucks... Having no boobs. But having the biggest ass. Disproportional its alright
Its kinda sucks our generation is quick to make babies but try so hard to resist love
Ehh The Darkest Hour kinda sucks, but its a pretty good movie:)
Kinda sucks leaving a place that was all snowy and coming home to no snow... At least its warm here!
Hear song first time: -__- "sucks" Hear song second time: *__* "its actually kinda good" Next hundred times: /•_•/ \•_•\ "this my shit"
"No girl likes a guy that sucks up to them!" Hahah. Hate to say it, but its kinda true!
Awwww :( kinda sucks man. Its whatever can't get to down. Going out tonight :)
It kinda annoys me when people say "sleeping alone sucks :c" its like yeah? Try doing it every night! <The Pikachu>
It kinda sucks not having me phone, but its also a relief :3
It kinda sucks I have to work tomorrow..but its not like I ever do anything on NYE anyway x)
kinda tweeting too much dont wanna get in twitter jail it sucks its like for bout 2 ot 3 hrs i have no one to tell stuff to lol
Its kinda sad when the 18 year old daughters voice sounds lk a 30 year old man & the mom sounds like Alvin & the chimpmunks sucks to be you
its Friday , kinda sucks my usual Friday plans aren't the same , now i have to find new ones lol fuck it >.<
It kinda sucks though cause its only some posters or random facts that we already know but still it makes me happy:)!
"@Patty_Watty21: Its actually kinda warm outside :o"yeah it sucks should be snowing
It kinda sucks when yuu go shopping.. And see the gift yuu got for someone £20 cheaper.. Ouch. But its the thought that counts.. Right?
Ha! Bloody hell! Seemingly bad, change my behavior? So in past I've a bad behavior? OMG, its kinda sucks ... Let me think a few minute ...
my macbook's battery kinda sucks. its worse than a phones battery..
i tried to act like it didnt bother me but when its all in my face all over my effing newsfeed, kinda sucks.
Having My Teevee East Coast Time Is Kinda Tight Buhh It Sucks ! I Wonder Why Its Like That Too
3 more days before we back to school.. You know, its kinda sucks!
The outer banks is so beat when its not summer, and even then it kinda sucks.
watching emily today..kinda sucks..its making my vagina bleed more..but at least shes being good and let me sleep in til 9am
work kinda sucks when its busy. i miss the days where i watch movies and sleep the whole time
especially when ppl get denied. its mean and it sucks but its kinda funny to me.
its kinda sucks when sometimes we post about something nice we got like 1 or 2 like or even nothing but others post wow! 50 n above! Bitxh!
going shopping! YAY!.......sucks it at a factory shop.....bt watever its still kinda fun :P
Just got an Xbox 360 and its kinda hard to find certain old games. it sucks to arrive late at a party when everything is finished :(
Kinda starting to see who is real & who is fake!! It just sucks cuz its almost everyone.
Man this sucks. Why can't weed be legal. I would never drink. I hate it, but i still drink its a love hate kinda thing i guess.
its suppose to snow 2mrw & friday... tht kinda sucks
Oh this sucks, super not and kinda am stoke for tomorrow so I guess its a :): face lol.
I hate when people take my iPod and e like what kinda song is this??? It sucks. I be like its MY iPo
ya, gifts arent everything, but it kinda sucks whn no one cares enough to even get you a card or make something, its the thought tht counts.
This game kinda sucks, its like amateur hour... These are highly paid athletes! ... Oh, sorry. It's not Southern CAL.
Looking for a place in Sac with my gurl. It kinda sucks but hey its gunna be well worth it. Looking for that downtown night life.
Back to work tomorrow which sucks but its kinda okay cos its new comic book day and then I'm off for another 5 days...woohoo.
Breaking in boots kinda sucks! But I love them so its all good lol
Got $350 in christmas money... kinda sucks its all going to rent =/
im lost......this sucks lol, hahaha its kinda dope doe lol
hmmmm bored:/ nights kinda sucks but oh well guna stay up for a bit cleaning my room. im almost to the point where its perfect:)
Trust me it kinda sucks to be a girl but then its all worth it at the end of the day.
Yeah this kinda sucks.. But its whatever i guess.
Kinda sucks, cuz that shit was my dream school. But it is what it is I guess. Fate will have its way eventually
"@labibeeeh: My phone vibrates but its not from whom I want. Kinda sucks-_-"
My phone vibrates but its not from whom I want. Kinda sucks-_-
Lemme clarify. I said its gay cuz somedays its awesome,  Other times it sucks. Kinda how I feel about lesbians.
Snow kinda sucks... Whatever its cool to ski on concrete
So I got Camelot season 1 for Christmas...it kinda sucks that  its the only season of Camelot!!!GRR!!
“@taytaybootayy: Am I the only person who sucks at temple run?” no tayl im awful its kinda pathetic
I hate when people take my iPod and e like what kinda song is this??? It sucks. I be like its MY iPod not yours
This Follow Limit Kinda Sucks Because I Got SOOOO Many People I Wanna Follow And Its Actin Like Twitters Being A Bitch
Its cheesy but I kinda like it. "@katsera: Quikie by miguel still sucks!!"
practice over break usually sucks, but its kinda solid this year
kinda sucks that its raining, brings my mood down....still wanna do something though, but what?
Its kinda sucks wen u think of someone who thinkin of someone else
Waiting my boi to reply my message. Its kinda sucks! rainy makes me feeling sleepy. OMG! could u reply qickly? *yawn*
Yayaya .... Its kinda sucks. Boring. Annoyed! i'm going sleep
Yayaya .... Its kinda sucks. Boring. Annoyed! i going sleep
Its even worse now because I told u how I feel. Ugh this sucks kinda a lot.
im kinda liking the show Friend zone on mtv. its my 1st time watchin it. but i absolutly HATE the friendzone it sucks!
never (H-)-ing my bb status or tweet.. its kinda sucks..
Kinda sucks not ever knowing what its like to have a brother or sister
Today kinda sucks but its cool
O_o RT “@JOJObossinMARIE: I Swear Its A Blessing , But Then Again It Kinda Sucks To Have A Boyfriend With The Same Size Foot As Me Llss”
I Swear Its A Blessing , But Then Again It Kinda Sucks To Have A Boyfriend With The Same Size Foot As Me Llss
i'm like kinda looking forward to going back to school... sucks its so far awayyy
end of the day my instincts right, its good but sometimes it kinda sucks lol
"Why Harry Potter Kinda Sucks" - its british, america is the top of the world its lame. WTF this muggle is gonna get a bitch slap!
Today kinda sucks well its just boring nothings makin me wanna even crack a smile
It kinda sucks thats its raining, but its relaxing...
K its sucks im kinda jealous but i need to not care about it !
Got a new theme for my phone. It kinda sucks cause its not with the season. Ewlk
sucks that I have such a bad headache right now. its making it kinda hard to be in such a good mood.
its 3 AM and im not tired im just bored and kinda sad and now i realized i missed my 2,000 tweet which REALLY sucks
This feeling kinda sucks...its okay tho
Its kinda sucks being old. Christmas isn't the same as when you're a kid
Great christmas kinda sucks its already over :/
It sucks cuz im going to san diego for a funeral, but its FUCKIN SAN DIEGO! So im kinda pumped lol
not going to be able to go to sleep, bored out of my mind its weird to not have anything to do all day long this kinda sucks!!!!
Damm kinda depressed that I've waited so long for Christmas to come and its almost over man this sucks
I'm actually kinda happy its like this. I deserve better. It just sucks it took me till now to realize it.
It kinda sucks having much older siblings than you because I can never wake up on christmas morning with them. Its just myself. :(
Not gonna lie kinda sucks that Christmas was here and now its gone just like that
it kinda sucks helpin you with your relationship troubles.. cuz its gettin me nowhere with you
i feel bad being upset in front of my dad tho cause he serisouly feells soooooooooo bad. welp christmas kinda sucks i guess its tradition
Being single during the holidays kinda sucks.. but its keep my wallet full though because when i buy gifts i go big extra big on price $$$
Kinda sucks that its my bday and the only gift I got this year was a calendar... :-/
It kinda sucks that ion have no real females to fck with . Its cool tho , jus my bae and I ;)
Kinda sucks that I couldn't spend Christmas with Nicc ...I hope next year its better .
Kinda sucks that everyone bailed on my parents for Christmas and went elsewhere when my dads making like a 25 lb turkey and its just us...
I really don't know people who protect their tweets what's really the heck ?! Its twitter not facebook. Its kinda sucks to me
Kinda mad but oh well it's Christmas Ig its not all about what u want.. But it sucks knowing ur the only child that doesn't get what u want
I really like this person its kinda sucks I can't spend time with her today .
ive gotten 3 gifts. one sucks and one doesnt fit...i guess its a "thought that counts" kinda christmas this year
Ohhh this is such a gooood game its kinda kool bjt it kinda sucks that ma 2 fav teams are rivals lol
Its Raining here in the Atl kinda of sucks
Yayayyy iphooneee ! Gotta wait till january 3rd which kinda sucks but I'm getting a 16 gig so its alllll ggoooddd !
Its kinda cool but kinda sucks ur bday is on christmas :/
Kinda sucks that I'm in this much pain but idc its still gunna be a merry Christmas .
PS3 kinda sucks .-. since its taking forfuckingever.
This is the second year in a row I'm kinda sad on Christmas.. Its sucks
How come oppas like to use this app.. Its kinda sucks
It kinda sucks not having an iPhone because I cant see the fucking symbols that everyone puts down. Its just a bunch of squares lol.#android
Kinda sucks that I've opened all my presents last night but its still Christmas. Yay!!
To be honest, its doesn't feel like Christmas. And it kinda sucks.
Capital Health Christmas kinda sucks. Cause its like regular christmas but...at capital health.
Kinda sucks when your mams working on christmas day, its not the same. Merry Christmas everywaaannn x
Kinda sucks that Xmas was on a Sunday. Its all good
Christmas kinda sucks for me now cause I got my presents in November :L well its not gonna happen next year :L
Its been raining for almost a week lifea kinda sucks right now
It kinda sucks now knowing that Santa isn't real :c it have us something to look forward to in the morning, now its like who gives a fuck :\
These niglets have been opening up presents since 12:15...its 2:35! I've been finished since about 12:30...growing up kinda sucks lol!
"@fucktyler: Yo, Christmas Feels Fucking Different Now Huh? This Shit Kinda Sucks." Its felt weird for about four years, bruh! I feel it!
it sucks when all the sides I see while reflecting come together all at once.  Its kinda like pretty barf. Merry Christmas.
.........its crazy how you can from talking to someone everyday...to not talking them at all................kinda sucks....
it doesnt feel like christmas at all., wish it did though. hah this kinda sucks. its great an everything, just feels like the wrong time..
I DONT CELEBRATE CHIRSTMAS AND IT KINDA SUCKS THOUGH BUT ITS COOL
It kinda sucks that's its christmas and I'm going to sleep with my window close to wide open
Christmas is one of those things that are fun when your a kid and when you have a kid if there is no child involved its kinda sucks
Haven't talk to her allday , it kinda sucks but its going to be okay..
This Christmas really kinda sucks!! But its not about me! Happy birthday Jesus!!!!!!:)
Its kinda sucks when you're single and have to celebrate your christmas alone..
This Christmas music kinda sucks tho... Its the same songs over and over, just sung differently by a different artist -__-
It kinda sucks when you get a giftcard to a place you dont even go to. its like a waste....
Michigan weather needs to get its life together , bc christmas without snow kinda sucks.
its christmas eve and im in a fuck the world kinda mood which sucks cuz I was havin a great time
I'm kinda not looking forward to tonight or tomorrow -___- and it sucks cuz its christmas
"@jas_miiine: first christmas without my parents together.. kinda sucks" its my third & it still sucks..
It kinda sucks to not be around your family this time of year, but its all good. I'm gonna smile like nothing is wrong (:
Kinda sucks how I've been livin' it up going to sleep at like 3 every day the past week and its resulted in me not being able to sleep I'm
"everyone sucks at this, its kinda the point of the game"
It kinda sucks that everyone has family over and then its just me and my sister in another room
This christmas kinda sucks.. :/ its depressing
my phone is broken......this kinda sucks seeing its christmas eve
This is my second Christmas without you Ash..... Its kinda sucks.
Kinda sucks its gonna start feeling like christmas when I give gifts to the fam tonight...KEEP CHRIST IN CHRISTMAS
kinda sucks today even though its christmas eve
having a blast in edmonton! already went shopping about 5 times :D kinda sucks tho because there is no snow and its christmas eve..
Currently using 2 kitchens to get all this food cooked.. Kinda sucks running back and forth but its easier with an extra oven
Kinda sucks but its kool . Double the presents for my mom :-)
packing my entire office to close the year out from a remote location..well it kinda sucks but i get to be out all next week so its worth it
Couch potato too lazy to get the job done and its freezing out side.. its kinda sucks!!!
My bday month kinda sucks cuz its right after xmas tho but im finna get it brackin tho
Kinda irritated right now addiction sucks its been three days :/
It kinda sucks that its not a white christmas this year...
It kinda sucks that we don't have Christmas lights. But then again its probably not a good idea, we have enough NyokaNyoka's as it is!
Food poisoning sucks. But after its all over and you lose 7 pounds from throwing up all night and day, ya feel kinda good.
I don't even get too see khory today. that kinda sucks, but its cool.
IT'S CHRISTMAS EVEEEEEE! It kinda sucks that its almost Christmas for people all the way around the world
Laying here alone. Its kinda cold. :/ having noone to talk to sucks. Oh well.
Its like wen u get hurt so much. U kinda start to get used to it. Nd thts wat sucks.!
i know its not about the presents but seeing your siblings get what they want and you get nothing kinda sucks
had fun 2day as usual...kinda sucks he got his gift early but its all good at least he wuz semi-surprised lol
“@January5th__: our generation with everything kinda sucks. look at the kids, even some parents smh its a shame”
our generation with everything kinda sucks. look at the kids, even some parents smh its a shame
Been missing a particular person alot lately. Kinda sucks. On another note its credibly hot out, its driving me mad!
.. but its kinda my fault so, hey, I guess it was kinda called for.. it still sucks tho.
yay! its my new twitter! its kinda confusing buut thats ok! i like how im just talking to myself because i have noo fallowers so that sucks
kinda sucks but its whatever
I kinda sucks when i tell people not to get me stuff outta the kindness of my heart. But then its like damn, i coulda got smething smfh
